Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4779 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 2018 No. 93 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. I
SSA). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 6, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
ARRELL E. I
SSAto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 2333. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. H.R. 4743. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has agreed to without amend-ment a concurrent resolution of the House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 113. Concurrent Resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. f 
126TH AIR REFUELING WING DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) for 5 minutes. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the important efforts of the 126th Air Refueling Wing at Scott Air Force Base in St. Clair County, Illi-nois. On June 2, I celebrated the many achievements of this unit when I at-tended the 126th Air Refueling Wing Day, which was done by proclamation by the Governor of the State of Illi-nois. The 126th Air Refueling Wing rou-tinely succeeds in its missions of pro-viding immediate, sustained, long- range air refueling of both nuclear and conventional aircraft for both the U.S. Armed Forces and NATO allies. The 126th Air Refueling Wing has more than 1,000 Air National Guard Ac-tive Duty United States Air Force per-sonnel, who recently received its eighth Air Force Outstanding Unit Award for service provided from De-cember 2014 through December 2016. The servicemembers of the 126th Air Refueling Wing routinely demonstrate their excellence in performance while supporting the United States Air Force operations. The significant awards and recogni-tion the 126th Illinois Air National Guard has received sets the foundational framework for being a strong center of excellence for military aircraft. I am proud of their hard work and dedication to ensuring the best aircraft maintenance and repair work is done at Scott Air Force Base. Our national defense depends on hav-ing our military aircraft able to fly in a moment’s notice, so the work that they do every day is critical in keeping all of us safe at home. RECOGNIZING WILBER HESTERBERG ’S 100TH  
BIRTHDAY  
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Wilber ‘‘Whip’’ Hesterberg of Maeystown, Illinois, who will turn 100 years old on June 24. Whip worked for A&P Food Stores for many years, was a Teamster, and served in the Army for 4 years. He likes to camp, garden, and do word searches. He can also still be seen driving around town slowly, it is re-ported. Family and neighbors say he is ‘‘loved by everyone.’’ Every Wednesday night, Whip con-tinues to host a family dinner at his house with some of his five children, 17 grandchildren, 24 great-grandchildren. This year, Whip will be honored as the Grand Marshal of Maeystown Homecoming celebration on June 15 and 16. Whip, southern Illinois wishes you a happy 100th birthday. 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BATTLE OF  
BELLEAU WOOD  
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I also rise today and feel it is very important that we recognize and remember that today is D-day, but also that 100 years ago today was the battle of Belleau Wood in the First World War, where the Ma-rines earned the title of Devil Dogs. It was a very, very hard fought bat-tle. We must remember that freedom is not free. So when we recognize not only D-day, but 100 years since that time on that day, we lost 1,086 Marines. 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY , MATT MCAULIFFE  
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I also want to recognize today someone who works in my office that everyone looks up to, because he is so tall, is my chief of staff, and it is his birthday, Matt McAuliffe. Happy birthday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.000 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4780 June 6, 2018 
EPA ADMINISTRATOR SCOTT PRUITT NEEDS TO RESIGN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, in April, I filed a resolution, it is H. Res. 834. It is a resolution of no con-fidence in the EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. We now have over 140 co-sponsors to this resolution. This is a resolution that points out that we have high standards for gov-ernment service and it is unacceptable to have scandal after scandal, the waste of taxpayers’ money, coming out of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s Administrator’s office in Scott Pruitt. What we know now, scandal after scandal that comes to light, is that Ad-ministrator Pruitt, he has a penchant for luxury travel at taxpayer expense, he likes to fly first class at taxpayer expense, he likes to stay in luxury ho-tels at taxpayer expense, and this is unacceptable. Federal ethics laws bar public offi-cials from using their position or using their staff to enrich themselves. In addition to his luxury travel and luxury accommodations, we now know that he installed a secret privacy phone booth in his office to the tune of $43,000, paid for by the taxpayers. He has installed biometric locks on his door at the EPA that cost over $5,000. Due to good journalism, we know that the EPA Administrator Scott Pru-itt rented a condo here on Capitol Hill for $50 per night. The Administrator said that the condo owner did not lobby him, but then it was discovered later that, in fact, that was not true, that was a lie. Just in the past week, it has now been discovered that EPA Adminis-trator Scott Pruitt has ordered very special fountain pens, paid for by the taxpayers, about $1,500 worth of special pens for him to use and give out. We know that he has received gifts, like court-side seats to a basketball game given to him by a coal baron. It was also reported yesterday that he made from his office an official phone call to the CEO of a fast food franchise to try to secure for his wife a fast food franchise business. That is not acceptable. We know, also due to good reporting, that he asked his staff to go out and find a mattress for his home. You are not allowed, as a government official, to use your government staff to do per-sonal tasks. That is against Federal ethics laws. All of that pales in comparison, how-ever, to his standing up for special in-terests, the cost to our health, to our clean water and clean air, while the EPA Administrator again and again is siding with special interests, many of whom have lobbied him and are impli-cated in a lot of these sweetheart deals. The interest of the public, the air we breathe, the water we drink, of simply confidence that our Environmental Protection Agency is going to stand up for us: that is what is really at issue. All of these things are awful, they are a violation of Federal ethics laws, and Scott Pruitt should resign. I am very troubled, and a lot of my colleagues are troubled that my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle, many of them have not called him out, they have not signed on to the resolu-tion. Down at the White House, they con-tinue to say it is acceptable for Scott Pruitt to serve as our EPA Adminis-trator. I am here on the floor today because we simply cannot stand for this any longer. I am asking for all of our col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to sign on to H. Res. 834 and say it is time to stand up for ethics in government. This wasteful spending is under-mining the confidence that the Amer-ican people have in our country and the ability of our government to pro-tect them from air pollution and water pollution and toxic chemicals. But more importantly, this is a time for us to say to our Environmental Protection Agency, we have very high standards, we have high standards for what we believe in: the landmark Clean Water Act, the landmark Clean Air Act, everything that we do to protect the climate and to reduce carbon pollu-tion. It has just gotten that swampy here in Washington, D.C., Mr. Speaker, and it is time for a change at the EPA. The White House needs to take action. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to speak up, stand up, and say we are not going to stand for these lapses of ethical behav-ior anymore. Scott Pruitt needs to re-sign. 
f 
FEDERAL OPPORTUNITY ZONES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, this Congress and this President made pro- growth policies a top priority since day one. My colleagues and I should be very proud that due in part to the policies of this Republican Congress, consumer confidence is at an all-time high, busi-nesses are optimistic, and our economy is booming. Even The New York Times has run out of words to explain and de-scribe how great this economy is. As families across Kansas receive an average tax break of more than $2,000 a year, as well as seeing record wage growth and bonuses, I see the excite-ment growing firsthand throughout my district. However, today in particular, I want to highlight one specific aspect of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act: Federal Oppor-tunity Zones, which are designed to promote economic development and job creation in communities throughout the country. This is where government meets private sector business in a very positive way. The Treasury Department recently selected 22 opportunity zones in 17 dif-ferent counties across the First Dis-trict of Kansas. When a tract is deemed an oppor-tunity zone, it allows taxpayers to defer capital gains tax if they invest and prioritize local projects. This is a win-win scenario for both investors and communities that will spur growth and expansion. My good friend, Ashley Hutchinson, in Cloud County, Kansas, said her com-munity hopes to use these opportunity zones to recruit new businesses to areas in counties like hers that are in great need of investment incentives. In Manhattan, Kansas, home of the Kansas State University Wildcats, the local Chamber is using these oppor-tunity zone programs to revitalize and enhance Aggieville, a beloved and his-toric social district very near and dear to my heart. In southwest Kansas, municipalities are using the program to spur job growth by updating existing buildings for new retail and commercial space, as well as attracting housing develop-ments for the region’s growing work-force. In Emporia, Kansas, expansion of the growing pet industry is being allowed by these opportunity zones as well. Across my district, community lead-ers and economic development depart-ments are excited by the new opportu-nities these zones will deliver to their communities. As the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act con-tinues to help existing businesses grow and expand, opportunities are starting to rise across the country. In Kansas, we are excited about what is to come. As a Congressman, I am often asked: What are you doing in Congress? What is this Congress doing to help save rural America? These Federal Oppor-tunity Zones as well as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act are one such example. f 
RAISING AWARENESS OF ALOPECIA AREATA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to raise awareness of alope-cia areata, an autoimmune disease that causes hair loss on the scalp and other areas of the body. Today, close to 7 million Americans live with alopecia areata, including over 1 million children under the age of 12. Alopecia areata is a greatly unpre-dictable disease and currently has no known cause and no known cure. Sadly, this disease often presents itself at an early age, with small round, smooth patches appearing on the head. With limited treatment options, many individuals use wigs, which come at a significant out-of-pocket cost. It was one of my constituents, Deirdre Nero, an alopecia patient, who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.002 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4781 June 6, 2018 
first brought to my attention the chal-lenges facing the alopecia areata com-munity. That is why I have been proud to stand with my colleague, Congress-man J
IMMCGOVERN , and support H.R. 2925, legislation to provide coverage for wigs as durable medical equipment under the Medicare program. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to stand with alopecia areata patients across the Nation and cosponsor this commonsense and bipar-tisan measure. b1015 
HONORING SOUTH FLORIDIAN LARRY ADAMS  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable south Floridian, Mr. Larry Adams. Born in West Palm Beach in 1927 to a family of limited means, Larry under-stood from a young age the importance of getting an education. Larry also pos-sessed a strong desire to serve his country during World War II. He en-rolled at Purdue University as a U.S. Air Corps Cadet and served in the U.S. Air Force in Germany from 1945 to 1946. Upon returning home, Larry at-tended my alma mater, the University of Miami—Go Canes—where he excelled at both sports and academics, includ-ing pitching for our university’s base-ball team. In 1949, Larry began a 42-year career at Florida Power & Light Company—42 years. Starting from the bottom, he worked his way from being a lineman digging ditches and climbing power poles to being a vice president of the State’s largest electric utility. While excelling at his difficult job duties, Larry reenrolled in school while working for the company and earned a degree from Harvard Graduate Busi-ness School’s Advanced Management Program for executives. Never one to limit himself, Larry also devoted extraordinary time and ef-fort to his community, serving in over 36 local, regional, State, and national community service organizations, which earned him many accolades. Larry also played a founding and in-tegral role in the development of man-agement systems to improve the qual-ity and cost of goods and services pro-duced throughout our great Nation. In 1987, President Ronald Reagan re-quested that certain U.S. corporations provide a team of quality management experts whose mission was to create an American Quality Management Award for Excellence program. Florida Power & Light assigned Larry to work under the direction of the U.S. Commerce Secretary and the National Institute of Standards and Technology, where Larry co-chaired one of four teams of professional quality improvement man-agement experts provided by American businesses. Together, they developed and secured Presidential and congressional ap-proval to create the Malcolm Baldrige Foundation Award to empower U.S. or-ganizations to reach their goals and be-come significantly more competitive in national and international trade and commerce. Today, the now popular Sterling Management program is a de-rivative of the Baldrige program and is managed by the Governors of each of our 50 States. At the age of 89, Larry became the recipient of the 2016 Florida Governor’s Sterling Ambassador of the Year Award for successfully coaching busi-nesses, charitable, and government agencies to learn and deploy Sterling and Malcolm Baldrige management systems during the past 25 years. Larry has had an extraordinary life, which he has enjoyed with his wife of over 65 years, Betsy Gregg Adams. To-gether, they have three sons: Larry, Jr., an architect; Ron, a trial attorney; and Thad, a commercial realtor. Congratulations to my friend, Larry Adams, for a remarkable life well lived. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SHERBURNE COUN-TY VETERAN SERVICE OFFICER BRUCE PRICE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a local hero in my district, Sherburne County Veteran Service Officer Bruce Price. County veteran service officers are one of the most important resources for our Nation’s veterans. When our veterans need help filing a claim for disability or arranging transportation to their VA hospital appointments, service officers like Bruce are always there to serve. Bruce and his staff go beyond this call of duty. They see 3,000 individuals every year and field nearly 20,000 calls from veterans experiencing difficulty or seeking resources. While it was no secret to our commu-nity that Bruce is a hero, his efforts are now finally being recognized na-tionally. Bruce received the Life, Well Run Community Hero Award for his outstanding service to others from the International City/County Manage-ment Association. We are grateful to have such an outstanding public serv-ant in Minnesota’s Sixth Congressional District. Congratulations, Bruce, and thank you for your service. 
RECOGNIZING THE MINNESOTA LYNX  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of one of Min-nesota’s most incredible and most suc-cessful sports teams, the four-time Women’s National Basketball Associa-tion champions, Minnesota Lynx. The Minnesota Lynx started their in-augural season in 1999 with just 12,000 fans in attendance to watch the first regular-season game. This year, as they celebrate their 20th season, the stands are packed. That is because, with four championships in the last 7 years, the Lynx are a dynasty, one that continues to grow. While they have many incredible in-dividual players, the Lynx are a true team on and off the court. The Lynx are active in our local community in the Land of 10,000 Lakes, but they take their commitment to service even be-yond our State’s lines. This week, I look forward to joining the team at Payne Elementary School at an event with the Samaritan’s Feet Shoes of Hope Distribution. I also look forward to many more winning seasons from this group of talented and dedi-cated athletes. Congratulations to the Lynx on 20 seasons, four championships, and the many more victories that surely lie ahead. You make Minnesota proud. CELEBRATING 21ST CENTURY BANK ’S 100TH  
ANNIVERSARY  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an incredible finan-cial institution in my district, 21st Century Bank. Beginning as the Farmer’s State Bank of Cedar in Anoka County in 1917, it served the rural agricultural commu-nity and is one of the few banks to come through the Great Depression. Over 100 years later, the bank has ex-panded across Minnesota, opening loca-tions all over our State, including four banks in Minnesota’s Sixth Congres-sional District. At the helm is Thomas P. Dolphin, who said: ‘‘In the beginning, it was a handshake that sealed the deal, and that is still true today at 21st Century Bank.’’ Having been at the bank for more than 40 years, Tom has been an inte-gral part of transforming 21st Century Bank from a small rural bank with just $3 million in assets to an urban finan-cial network with more than $425 mil-lion in assets, allowing them to serve more families across Minnesota. 21st Century Bank brings convenient banking and reliable service; and, in-deed, most businesses that work with them are small- to medium-sized busi-nesses, making 21st Century Bank part of the foundation of our local economy. After celebrating their 100th anniver-sary, they continue bringing families and small businesses the services they so desperately need. With respect and gratitude, thank you to the Dolphin family and to everyone at 21st Century Bank for your contribution to our local communities. We look forward to the next 100 years. 
CARVER COUNTY , HEALTHIEST COUNTY IN  
MINNESOTA  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, there is no question that exercise is good for the body. Whether it is walking, biking, or playing hockey on a frozen lake, exercise reduces your chances of getting heart disease, helps maintain a healthy weight, improves mood and mental functioning, and so much more. In my State, no place does it better than Carver County in Minnesota’s Sixth Congressional District. Carver County has been named our State’s healthiest county by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation for the sixth con-secutive year. The rankings are based on, among other factors, how people feel and how long they live. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.004 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4782 June 6, 2018 
The walkability of cities and towns in Carver allow its residents to skip the car ride and use their own two feet to get to the grocery store or shop; and with countless parks, playgrounds, and trails, there are plenty of places for Minnesotans to enjoy the outdoors. Congratulations to the residents of Carver County for grabbing the top spot once again and setting a great ex-ample for the rest of our State to get out and get active. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BUCKS AND MONT-GOMERY COUNTIES’ EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES PERSONNEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize those in Bucks and Montgomery Counties who serve in emergency medical services. Just re-cently, we celebrated National EMS Week, a time to honor the contribu-tions and service of emergency medical technicians. All too often, the service of EMTs goes unnoticed, despite the risks of their profession and the lifesaving ac-tions they perform. Late last month, the Penndel-Middletown Emergency Squad hosted an event with local offi-cials to celebrate National EMS Week and to discuss the current issues faced in our community. As an EMT myself, I can say, without a doubt, that this profession truly em-bodies public service, and I thank all EMTs in Bucks and Montgomery Coun-ties for their dedicated service to sav-ing lives. I would especially like to ex-tend my gratitude to Dr. Gerald Wydro, the medical director of Penndel-Middletown Emergency Squad, and to the Penndel-Middletown Emergency Squad Chief, Andrew Foley, for their leadership. 
NINTH ANNUAL RIDE FOR THE HEROES  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Central Bucks Rotary Club, who will host its Ninth Annual Ride for the Heroes, where motorcy-clists from across Bucks County ride from Lower Makefield to Bedminster Township to raise money for local vet-erans’ organizations. Organized by Rotary member Mark Glidden, this event has grown from 200 bikers in its initial year to anywhere from 500 to 700 participants, yearly. Originally intended to provide finan-cial assistance to nonprofits in the community, Ride for the Heroes be-came focused on helping military fami-lies at the inspiration of the Travis Manion Foundation in Doylestown. Founded by retired Lieutenant Colo-nel Tom Manion and his late wife, Janet, in honor of their son, the Travis Manion Foundation’s mission is to ‘‘empower veterans and families of fall-en heroes to develop character in fu-ture generations.’’ In doing this, the Travis Manion Foundation seeks engagement between veterans and families of fallen soldiers with the local community. The founda-tion brings young people together with veterans so that they can learn our Na-tion’s values from heroes who have put those values into action in the United States military. I applaud the vision of the Travis Manion Foundation and appreciate the work of the Central Bucks Rotary Club and those who will ride for those who served. RECOGNIZING STUDENTS OF THE SOUDERTON  
AREA SCHOOL DISTRICT  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a group of students in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, who recently collected 2,150 pounds of food, paper products, and personal care items for those in need. The Souderton Area School District, comprised of nearly 6,500 students, re-cently held its annual food drive and quarter collection. This event collects items for the Keystone Opportunity Center, also in Souderton, which oper-ates a homeless shelter and offers lit-erary education classes in Montgomery and Bucks Counties. To diversify the goods donated, each school was assigned a certain item to donate, from peanut butter and jelly at Indian Crest Middle School to deter-gent and soap at Oak Ridge Elemen-tary School. Additionally, Salford Hills and Vernfield Elementary Schools thoughtfully donated crops from their community gardens to the Keystone food pantry. I would like to commend these stu-dents, along with their teachers and parents, for teaching them the virtues of charity and generosity. I would also like to thank the staff and volunteers at Keystone Opportunity Center for their service, especially President Ar-lene Daily for her outstanding leader-ship. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 27 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Rabbi Aaron Krupnick, Congregation Beth El, Voorhees, New Jersey, offered the following prayer: Our God and God of our ancestors: On the long road to freedom from Egypt, You led 12 diverse tribes, in-structing each to march under their own banner. They did not always see eye to eye, but they could, nonetheless, walk shoulder to shoulder. In spite of their disagreements, they had sworn an oath to You to be one nation under God. Dear Lord, help the Members of this Congress to be ever mindful of the fact that the right to disagree is funda-mental to our democracy. Foster in them the art of disagreement that the Jewish people have been practicing for millennia. Enable them to grant their adversaries moral respect; to give those of opposing opinions the intellec-tual benefit of doubt; to have sym-pathy for their motives and listen with empathy to their lines of reasoning. Grant all the Members of our House of Representatives insight into this art of disagreement. Endow them with dis-cernment and wisdom, patience and un-derstanding, kindness and compassion. Let them walk humbly before those who they serve and thereby bring us all that much closer to You and to one an-other. God, bless this great Nation and those who lead it. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. STEFANIK led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING THOSE KILLED OR WOUNDED IN SERVICE TO OUR COUNTRY The SPEAKER. The Chair asks that the House now observe a moment of si-lence in honor of those who have been killed or wounded in service to our country and all those who serve and their families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.006 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4783 June 6, 2018 
WELCOMING RABBI AARON KRUPNICK The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to welcome our guest chap-lain, Rabbi Aaron Krupnick of Con-gregation Beth El in Voorhees, New Jersey. The congregation has been part of our South Jersey community since 1920, when it was originally founded in Camden City. Now it offers a spiritual home for hundreds of Jewish families in South Jersey. Rabbi Krupnick came to our commu-nity in 1994 from Montgomery, Ala-bama. There, he helped lead interfaith services with leaders like Martin Lu-ther King, III, and Rosa Parks. As you heard in his prayer, he often discusses patience, understanding, kindness, compassion. In a world where religion too often creates so much conflict, Rabbi Krupnick focuses on togetherness. He knows there is more that connects us than divides us. I have been fortunate enough to at-tend services and seder at Beth El. I have witnessed firsthand how the com-munity is welcoming, loving, and sup-portive of all. Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to welcome Rabbi Krupnick to the House of Representatives and I thank him for his offering of this morning’s prayer. His compassion, his teachings, his strong leadership have helped foster a vibrant Jewish community in our re-gion, and I know it will stay that way for years to come. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
A-
VIDSON ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speech-es on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RELEASE PASTOR ANDREW BRUNSON (Mr. M
CHENRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to draw attention to the ongoing plight of Pastor Andrew Brunson, a Christian missionary from my district in western North Carolina who has been held as a prisoner of the Turkish Government for the last 20 months. Prior to being arrested by the Turk-ish Government in October of 2016, Pas-tor Brunson had lived peacefully in Turkey for decades. He had opened a church, raised his family, and made a life in the country. That all changed in 2016, when the Turkish Government arrested Pastor Brunson on a series of bogus charges. He has been detained ever since. Last month, I sent a letter to the Turkish President, signed by a bipar-tisan group of 154 lawmakers, calling on their government to release Pastor Brunson. It is a long time in coming, but I hope and I pray that Pastor Brunson will be released so that he can be reunited with his family here in the United States. f 
IMMIGRANT HERITAGE MONTH (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the Trump administration’s shameful new policy separating parents and children at our southern border. This policy is even being applied to those legally seeking asylum here while fleeing vio-lence in their home countries. The current system of prioritizing criminal prosecution of those seeking protection rather than assessing legiti-mate asylum claims has to stop. These are not our Nation’s values. Our country is better than this, our people are better than this. But we have a chance to get some-thing right. We are currently within just a handful of signatures of forcing a vote on a series of immigration pro-posals, including the bipartisan USA Act, which pairs a resolution for our Dreamers with smart investments in our border security. June, this month, is Immigrant Her-itage Month, a time to reflect on the history of immigration that so many Americans share. We must live up to our heritage by ending this cruel policy of family separation, securing Dream-ers a permanent future here in the United States, and finally formally re-forming our broken immigration sys-tem. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR GENERAL JEFFREY BANNISTER (Ms. STEFANIK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an exceptional patriot and military leader, Major General Jef-frey Bannister, who recently passed away. General Bannister served as the 10th Mountain Division commander and senior commander at Fort Drum in my district. I am proud to have gotten to know General Bannister and his family dur-ing my first term in office, when we worked closely together to successfully prevent devastating personnel cuts from taking place at Fort Drum. Whenever I visited Fort Drum, Major General Bannister was always a won-derful host. It was clear he commanded the greatest respect from the men and women stationed on post, and I know his greatest interest was their well- being. I remember running into Jeff with his family at the Cream Cheese Fes-tival in Lowville after he returned from a recent deployment. He was cas-ually wearing his baseball cap and eat-ing at a picnic table with his wife, and they both gave me a warm hug. He was truly dedicated to our coun-try and our community. The hearts of our entire Fort Drum community go out to the family of Major General Bannister, his wife Trese and his daughter Lindsey during this difficult time. f 
SOCIAL SECURITY AND MEDICARE (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, there is nothing that demonstrates the deeply held American value of living a retire-ment with dignity than the promise of Social Security and Medicare. These are benefits that America’s seniors have earned after a lifetime of hard work so they can enjoy their retire-ment years with dignity and economic security. But yesterday we learned the Medi-care trust fund will be depleted in just 8 years, 3 years earlier than expected. The Social Security trust fund will run dry just 8 years after that. A few months ago, our Republican friends passed a huge tax cut for the wealthiest Americans and most power-ful corporations. And how do Repub-licans want to pay for it: by cutting Social Security and Medicare. That is a bad deal for the American people. They deserve better. When Democrats take back the ma-jority, we are going to deliver A Better Deal for the American people. We are going to put working people first and we are going to ensure a secure retire-ment for everyone who works hard in this country. Most importantly, we are going to return the promise of Amer-ica. 
f 
NORMANDY: JUNE 6, 1944 (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in the cold, damp, dark rain of morning, thousands of young American soldiers sailed across the treacherous English Channel. The day was June 6, 1944; their destination, Normandy, France; the mission, not conquest, but libera-tion of Europe. Operation Overlord, or D-Day, called for a massive ally invasion of the con-tinent during World War II. Securing the brutal Omaha and Utah beachheads inch by bloody inch, our boys finally declared victory, forcing Hitler to begin his long retreat into oblivion. That victory did not come without cost, however. Today, 9,387 white crosses and Stars of David overlook the silent beaches of Normandy, marking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:28 Jun 06, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.009 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4784 June 6, 2018 
the final resting place of America’s war dead. The soldiers buried there were part of the Greatest Generation, young men from every State and territory in the United States. We remember them, our warriors, those that were killed, those that re-turned, and those that returned with the wounds of war, because, Mr. Speak-er, the worst casualty of war is to be forgotten. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
IMMIGRANT HERITAGE MONTH (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate our immigrants’ heritage. Over one-third of north Tex-ans in the Dallas-Fort Worth area were born outside of the United States. They live and work in my district: Hondurans in South Irving, Somalians in Stop Six, Mexican nationals in Oak Cliff. Whether they are from Jalisco to Ti-juana, El Salvador to Nigeria, they are our fellow Texans. Across the metroplex, they fulfill their own version of the American Dream as teachers in classrooms, engi-neers who design defense equipment, doctors who care for our families, and soldiers who protect our Nation. Quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, they are ful-filling a lot of jobs in agriculture and construction and other areas that are simply hard to fill and cannot be filled at home by native-born Americans. This administration is attempting to abolish their patriotism and demor-alize their American spirit, but we can’t let them win. We need to heal the distrust and fear that comes from talks of border walls, and instead, build community ties that can withstand. Let’s start with the pro-tection of our Active Duty service-members and veterans. Let’s celebrate our immigrants’ heritage this month by honoring our country’s legacy as a Nation of immigrants. Let’s pass a clean Dream Act now. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 74TH ANNIVERSARY OF D-DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on the 74th anniversary of the Allied D-Day inva-sion of France to honor the bravery of our Armed Forces who served in that operation. 73,000 Americans took part in Oper-ation Overlord on June 6, 1944. This op-eration secured a beachhead on the Eu-ropean continent that began the libera-tion of France and then the rest of Western Europe. Sadly, the United States suffered more than 6,000 casualties in this oper-ation. Ultimately, thousands more U.S. servicemembers would fall in the com-ing weeks and months liberating the rest of Western Europe from German control. The courage, bravery, and sacrifice displayed by our military on this day continues to serve as an example for the cost of freedoms that we enjoy in the United States today. Mr. Speaker, I recently had the honor and the privilege of attending a wreath-laying ceremony on Omaha Beach in Normandy at the Normandy American Cemetery in France. This memorial serves as a constant reminder to the world that the United States will fight and die to protect the freedoms of not just American citizens, but for citizens around the globe. f 
b1215 CELEBRATING PRIDE MONTH (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Pride Month. For generations and across indus-tries, LGBTQ Americans have directly contributed to America’s greatness. Chicagoland is home to many of these leaders, like Carol A. Johnson, a union and HIV activist; Kim Hunt, a policy expert; the late Vernita Gray, a com-munity activist; business leaders like Fred Eychaner and Tracy Baim. In the last few years, we have made remarkable progress towards equality. On June 26, we will celebrate the fifth anniversary of marriage equality for all Americans, yet much work still re-mains. Trans Americans are still too often the victims of violence, harassment, and exploitation. Too many struggling with who they are or whom they love resort to self-harm and suicide. And, sadly, we have a man in the White House who is unwilling to recognize June as Pride Month. Despite these challenges, LGBTQ Americans and their family, including me, stand as united as ever, and we will keep pushing until real, true, and last-ing equality isn’t just encoded in law but encoded in our hearts. Happy Pride. 
f 
THE HISTORIC RESCUE OF BUL-GARIAN JEWS FROM THE HOLO-CAUST (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that, 28 years ago this week, I was appointed by the International Republican Institute as an election observer for the first free elections in Bulgaria as it emerged from totalitarian communism. Since that time, I have seen Bulgaria ad-vance to be a vibrant democracy as a member of NATO and the European Union. On the 75th anniversary of the rescue of Bulgarian Jews from the Holocaust, the world recognizes this as a remark-able event in history. Over 50,000 Jew-ish people were saved by the Bulgarian church, some intellectuals and mem-bers of Parliament, but most of all, the Bulgarian people. The Bulgarian Jewish community was the only one in Europe which not only survived World War II, but in-creased in size. The Bulgarian people should always be appreciated for their courage and action. As co-chair of the Bulgaria Caucus, I cherish the mutually bene-ficial friendship between our two coun-tries inspired by Prime Minister Boyko Borissov and Ambassador Tihomir Stoytchev. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. God bless the memory of the Amer-ican-led Allied troops who landed at Normandy 74 years ago to begin the liberation of Europe, defeating na-tional socialism. f 
RISE AGAINST HUNGER (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on May 15, I joined several of my col-leagues from the House and Senate, of-ficials from USDA, Ambassadors to the United States, and 150 volunteers at a meal packaging event hosted by the nonprofit organization Rise Against Hunger and The Kraft Heinz Company. Together, we packaged 20,000 meals that will be sent to Mozambique and distributed to families through a school feeding program in that coun-try. I admire the incredible efforts of Rise Against Hunger, under the leadership of Rod Brooks, in hosting meal pack-aging events like this one I attended on Capitol Hill a few weeks ago. Last year alone, Rise Against Hunger served 1.4 million people in 74 countries across the globe as they worked toward the important goal of ending global hunger by 2030. I also applaud the work of Kraft Heinz in advancing its laudable goal of delivering 1 billion meals to those struggling with hunger by 2021. Kraft Heinz CEO Bernardo Hees, Board Vice Chairman John Cahill, and Board Mem-ber George Zoghbi traveled to D.C. to lead the event, and I am grateful for their commitment to ending hunger once and for all. 
f 
URGING THE ADMINISTRATION TO SANCTION ORTEGA REGIME OF-FICIALS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.014 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4785 June 6, 2018 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it has been 48 days since Ortega began his brutal crackdown on the Nicaraguan people. With over 110 Nicaraguans killed, including one U.S. citizen, the U.S. must take swift action to hold ac-countable those responsible for the bloodshed. Though I appreciate the ad-ministration’s remarks condemning the violent attacks, actions must fol-low. I sent a bipartisan, bicameral letter urging the administration to sanction two key regime operatives: Francisco Lopez, head of Albanisa, for money laundering and corruption; and Fran-cisco Diaz, who leads the national po-lice, for orchestrating the repression and killing of Nicaraguans. I also urge our Senate colleagues to pass my NICA Act, to condition our vote at international financial institu-tions until Nicaragua takes significant steps to restore democratic order. The U.S. has an opportunity to lead the way, Mr. Speaker. Let’s do that. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 3249, PROJECT SAFE NEIGHBOR-HOODS GRANT PROGRAM AU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2017; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 8, WATER RESOURCES DE-VELOPMENT ACT OF 2018; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RE-LATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 918 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 918 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3249) to author-ize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on the Judiciary or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The mo-tion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adop-tion without intervening motion. S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 8) to provide for im-provements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conserva-tion and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure now printed in the bill, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–72 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the origi-nal bill for the purpose of further amend-ment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. SEC. 3. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appro-priations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropria-tions. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–71 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Com-mittee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. Points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived except as follows: page 66, line 14, through page 66, line 20. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of this resolution. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of this resolu-tion, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment pursuant to this res-olution, the Committee of the Whole shall rise without motion. No further consider-ation of the bill shall be in order except pur-suant to a subsequent order of the House. SEC. 4. During consideration of H.R. 5895 for amendment, the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appro-priations or their respective designees may offer up to 10 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. S
EC. 5. (a) During consideration of H.R. 5895, it shall not be in order to consider an amendment proposing both a decrease in an appropriation designated pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and an increase in an appropriation not so des-ignated, or vice versa. (b) This paragraph shall not apply to an amendment between the Houses. 
b1230 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the ranking member of the Rules Committee, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I am excited to be down here with my friend from Massachusetts today, Mr. Speak-er. You heard the Reading Clerk work her way through this rule. It is a big one today, and it is a big one because we have got a lot to talk about today. I am going to try not to go over. I ap-preciate the Speaker starting pro-ceedings a little early today so that we have time to get through all of the ma-terial that we have to work through. In this rule today, House Resolution 918, we are providing for three separate appropriations bills to be considered as a single package in addition to two other bills that are very important. First of all, the rule today, Mr. Speaker, provides for concurrence in the Senate amendment to the House- passed bill, H.R. 3249. It is the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act. Mr. Speaker, our colleague from Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) has been work-ing so aggressively on this bill. You will remember the House passed this bill by a voice vote back in March of this year. It went over to the Senate. The Senate amended it. They, too, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.013 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4786 June 6, 2018 
passed it by unanimous consent. House Resolution 918 today provides for the consideration to approve those Senate amendments, send this bill directly to the President’s desk, and let it begin to make a difference in these commu-nities right away. The bill supports Federal, State, and local law enforcement efforts, Mr. Speaker, to combat gang-related vio-lence throughout our communities and to get involved in other prevention techniques. We have all seen street gang activi-ties increasing in our communities. If you are from a community that has not yet seen that impact, consider yourself fortunate. According to the House Judiciary Committee, Mr. Speaker, we have these crimes on the increase. We have all been hearing about transnational gangs, such as MS–13, as they are becoming increas-ingly organized and increasingly more violent. Giving our Nation’s law enforcement authorities the ability to keep Ameri-cans safe and to have the tools they need to fight these gangs is a priority of all of us in this institution, and ap-proval of this rule today will allow us to bring that bill to the floor and send it to the President’s desk for his signa-ture. House Resolution 918 also provides for a structured rule, Mr. Speaker, for consideration of the first of our fiscal year 2019 appropriations bills. As I mentioned, there are three bills in this package. H.R. 5895 combines the En-ergy and Water Development bill with the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill and with the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill. It puts them all under one umbrella, maintaining our commitment to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 spending caps. The House Appropriations Com-mittee, Mr. Speaker, has already passed 6 of the 12 annual appropria-tions bills. I will say that again. Six of the 12 annual appropriations bills have already moved through the House Ap-propriations Committee. I look forward to the remainder of those bills being on this floor very soon. In fact, the Subcommittee on In-terior, Environment, and Related Agencies is marking up their bill today, and the Defense Subcommittee is marking up their bill tomorrow. So before the end of the week, I would expect we will have 7 of 12 appro-priations bills ready for the floor, and we will be well on our way to having an eighth ready for the floor soon. This is only the first week of June, Mr. Speak-er, and this is already the progress that the House Appropriations Committee has achieved. I am very proud of their success, and I want to talk a little bit about the bills they have before us today. You will remember, Mr. Speaker, the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill was approved unanimously by the Ap-propriations Committee. Republicans and Democrats came together to sup-port that bill. You will recall that we decided early on, Mr. Speaker, that thrift would begin here in this House. With this Legislative Branch Appro-priations bill, not only are we funding the shared priorities across the Cap-itol, we are also at a funding level still below the level at which this House was funded the year I was first elected to Congress, Mr. Speaker. Thrift does begin at home. We have avoided being penny-wise and pound-foolish. We fund-ed important priorities and were again able to pass this out of committee on a unanimous, bipartisan vote. The Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs bill also came out of com-mittee on a unanimous, bipartisan vote, 47–0 in both cases, Mr. Speaker. And, clearly, this type of collaboration, this type of bipartisan activity is something we would like to see more often in this Chamber, but we have it in these two bills today. The third appropriations bill that is bundled together here, Mr. Speaker, is the Energy and Water bill, a bill that is tremendously important to my part of the world there on the Georgia coast, involving Georgia’s water infrastruc-ture. It passed the Appropriations Committee on a slightly less powerful vote. It was 29–20, still a bipartisan vote, but not as big a majority—in fact, not unanimous, as the others were. But it is critically important to so many of our States, Mr. Speaker, and I am confident we will be able to move it across the floor. I will just give a couple of examples. I know everybody has their own story to tell about the importance in their State. In my State, it provides $49 million as a Federal partnership to the more than $300 million that the State of Georgia has already put into deepening the Port of Savannah. The Savannah Harbor Expansion Project is one of the largest economic development projects in the Southeastern United States. It has a Corps of Engineers report author-izing this construction. Georgia put all of its money in up front, and now the Feds are coming through with $49 mil-lion of their own. Mr. Speaker, the bill includes mil-lions of dollars for operations and maintenance of the Corps of Engineers. If you live in the Southeastern United States, as I do, odds are, the Corps con-trols your water supply. More than 80 percent of the people who live in the multimillion-person metropolitan At-lanta area, Mr. Speaker, depend on Corps of Engineers facilities for their drinking water. Eighty percent depend on Corps of Engineers for their drink-ing water. It is tremendously impor-tant to families across the district. I am heartened that the Appropria-tions Committee, even though they could not be unanimous, persisted in moving this bill through committee in a bipartisan way, and I am optimistic of what it is going to do for water and energy infrastructure for years to come. Finally, Mr. Speaker, to a committee that is almost as near and dear to my heart as the Rules Committee is, this bills brings to the floor a bill from the Transportation Committee, H.R. 8, the Water Resources Development Act of 2018. Folks often think of the Veterans Af-fairs’ Committee as being one of the most bipartisan committees on Capitol Hill, and, candidly, I think it makes us all proud to know that is true; but the House Transportation Committee sits a very close second. Infrastructure projects, whether it be safe drinking water, whether it be roads and bridges, whether it be airport facilities, these are issues that we all confront, and these are issues that bring us together in an also unanimous fashion, Mr. Speaker. The House Trans-portation Committee reported the Water Resources Development Act of 2018, and we have that before us today. If you haven’t gotten to see a good committee chairman and ranking member working in partnership, Mr. Speaker, I would recommend Chairman B
ILL SHUSTER of Pennsylvania and Ranking Member P
ETEDEFAZIO of Or-egon to you any time. To suggest that these two men agree on everything would be folly, but to suggest that they find a way to work through everything would not be too much said. They never take no for an answer. They al-ways work hard together. In the case of the Water Resources Development Act, Mr. Speaker, that doesn’t just exist at the committee chairman level; it exists at the subcommittee level. On the Republican side of the aisle, we have Chairman G
ARRET GRAVES  from Louisiana; and on the Democratic side of the aisle, we have Ranking Member G
RACE NAPOLITANO from Cali-fornia—again, two Members who work incredibly closely together. They produce a superior work product that you are going to be able to see in the line items in this legislation. We are talking about America’s ports. We are talking about inland wa-terways. We are talking about locks and dams. We are talking about flood protection. We are talking about water infrastructure and ecosystem protec-tion. Line item after line item, we were able to come together in a bipartisan way. I would argue this is going to be one of the most important bills that the Congress passes in 2018, Mr. Speaker. And, again, it took a lot of hard, bipar-tisan work to get here. Our Nation’s ports, Mr. Speaker, process about $4 billion in product a day, imports and exports. About 11 per-cent of everything we buy in the State of Georgia has come through one of our ports. Nearly 440,000 jobs, Mr. Speaker, in my State alone are dependent on ports and waterways, and there is $25 billion worth of State income from that. And that is just a State like Georgia, Mr. Speaker. If you go to Florida, North Carolina, Louisiana, California, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.015 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4787 June 6, 2018 
or Washington State, you are going to hear those same stories told time and time again. Now, I would like to believe, because we passed this bill out of the Transpor-tation Committee where transpor-tation experts sit, that we produced a perfect work product out of the Trans-portation Committee. But wearing my Rules Committee hat, I recognize that other Members of this Chamber may have some good ideas of their own that they would like to make in order for the debate on the Water Resources De-velopment Act. To that end, the rule today, Mr. Speaker, passed by this body will make 52 additional amendments in order to be considered for this bill. That is 19 Republican amendments, 20 Demo-cratic amendments, and 13 bipartisan amendments. I will say that again, Mr. Speaker. Fifty-two amendments were made in order by this rule for the Water Re-sources Development Act: 19 Repub-lican amendments, 20 Democratic amendments, and 13 bipartisan amend-ments. All amendments are intended to make this bill better. This body will decide, if this rule is approved, wheth-er, in fact, they do. We had four subcommittee meetings on WRDA this year, this cycle, Mr. Speaker—two roundtable discussions in Florida and Oregon, and two hearings here in Washington, D.C.—all seeking to involve stakeholders. You may not recall, Mr. Speaker, but there was a while that this Congress was unable to pass WRDA bills. We went through 7 years of this Congress failing to pass any WRDA bills at all. I was not in Congress at the time that began, but I am in Congress at the time that that comes to an end. Beginning with B
ILLSHUSTER ’s lead-ership there on the Transportation Committee, we have gotten back in the habit of moving a water resources bill every single Congress. This will be the third in that cycle, and it matters: It matters for certainty to stakeholders back home; it matters for certainty to constituents back home; and it matters that we don’t have to do it all in one giant omnibus bill every single time. We are able to break it down into smaller chunks because we are taking care of it as challenges arise, again, in a bipartisan fashion. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to sit on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee where the kind of collabo-ration and mutual respect that you have heard me talk about exists every single day. I want to thank, again, Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D EFA-
ZIOfor making that environment one that can exist. I think we brought a very fair rule to the floor today to try to bring not just the Water Resources Development Act to the floor, the Project Safe Neighbor-hoods Grant Program Authorization to the floor, but also the first three appro-priations bills in our annual cycle to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I hope all my colleagues can support the rule, I hope they will support the underlying bills, and I re-serve the balance of my time. b1245 Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, this rule is a study in contradictions from my Republican colleagues. They have brought up H.R. 8, the Water Resources Development Act. This is an incredibly important bill to improve our Nation’s ports, locks, dams, and more all across the country. It is a bipartisan bill, and it was the product of a process that shows how Congress is supposed to work. Hearings were held, and thoughtful testimony was given, including from the head of the Army Corps of Engi-neers. There was a markup. Input and ideas were heard from Members on both sides. Remarkably, a majority of amendments offered were adopted en bloc by a voice vote without much con-troversy. That is important to note, Mr. Speaker, because Republicans these days aren’t known for their lack of controversy. Just this week the Presi-dent of the United States is talking about pardoning himself of possible Federal crimes. His lawyer is floating wild theories about how the President could shoot his former FBI Director without facing prosecution while in of-fice. So this bipartisan bill and the mostly collaborative process that got us here came as welcome relief—until this bill got to the Rules Committee. That is when Republican leaders ran into a back room somewhere and took out a bipartisan amendment from the rank-ing member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, Congress-man D
EFAZIO. The amendment would reform the harbor maintenance trust fund to make sure money gets where it needs to go: to actually maintaining our harbors. They did this without any debate and despite the fact that both the chairman and ranking member of the committee supported it. The gentleman from Georgia says he is on the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee, and he voted against his chairman and ranking member. So much for biparti-sanship. The majority threw sand in the gears of what was a good process. They just can’t help themselves, and this is par for the course here. Just look at the other water develop-ment bill, the Energy and Water Ap-propriations Act. This could have been another bipartisan measure. It funds most programs at an adequate level. But the majority reverted back to their usual ways: ignoring Democratic ideas and filling this up with one bipar-tisan proposal after another. It is like a Christmas tree loaded up with bad ideas. More than $400 million was cut from 2018 enacted levels for some of our big-gest priorities, things like energy effi-ciency and renewable energy programs. Even nuclear nonproliferation pro-grams were cut; and for what, Mr. Speaker? So the majority can reward their allies by skewing resources to-ward the fossil fuel industry. There are controversial riders that are completely unnecessary and would do more harm than good. They have no business being in an appropriations bill. One of the riders would hinder the Army Corps’ ability to protect clean water. Another would kill the Waters of the United States rule. There is one rider that would threaten the Endan-gered Species Act. There is even lan-guage tucked inside this bill that would allow firearms to be carried on all Army Corps lands; and this from a majority that refuses to even consider ways to combat gun violence on the House floor. We can’t even get a vote on anything related to gun violence on this floor. This is outrageous. The majority is also using this appro-priations process to fund President Trump’s stupid, ridiculous, offensive border wall. Mr. Speaker, didn’t the President tell us that Mexico was going to foot the bill for this ridiculous wall? It is being funded by shortchanging pri-orities for the middle class. That in-cludes programs to educate our chil-dren, help students afford college, and provide job training to our workers, all for this stupid wall—more red meat for the most narrow parts of the Repub-lican base. I remember my Republican colleague talking for years about the importance of passing a budget resolution. Maybe that was just something they cared about under the Obama administration or something they do only when they are trying to take healthcare away from people or reward the wealthy with more tax cuts, because here they are under a Republican President with a Republican Congress pushing ahead with an appropriations package with-out passing a budget. That April 15 deadline came and went a long time ago. Mr. Speaker, what happened to doing one bill at a time? We used to consider appropriations bills separately, but the majority’s rule lumps several together to try to speed up the process and I guess limit debate; and for what? Fund-ing the government is one of our most important responsibilities. Two of these bills would probably pass with broad, bipartisan support, but, appar-ently, bipartisanship is not a priority for some of the Republican Conference. So they had to cram them together with a partisan bill that is filled with harmful ideological riders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.016 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4788 June 6, 2018 
I would like to think that the major-ity would want strong, bipartisan votes on appropriations bills. We used to have them in the past. We don’t have any bipartisanship now as a direct re-sult of the choices made by this Repub-lican leadership. Mr. Speaker, why is the majority using a process that makes it harder to pass bipartisan bills? It may please their base, but it is an awful way to legislate. This majority has had 8 years to decide how to run this place. Mr. Speaker, clearly, they haven’t figured it out. There is no budget and not even an attempt to get one. Where are all the Republican budget hawks? Where is their countdown clock with ‘‘days since the last budget’’? This majority can’t even keep the lights on. We have seen two government shutdowns this year alone, and it is only June. My col-league from Georgia again said: Look at all we have done, and it is June. The other thing they did is they broke their own record of now being the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. They have brought more bills to the floor under a restrictive, closed process than any other Congress in history. Yes, they have accomplished a lot, it is only June, and it is going to get worse. There is virtually no oversight of the executive branch from this majority. None. Just one example, and this is a beauty: we have an EPA administrator who allegedly got a sweetheart deal on an apartment and spent $43 on a phone booth. You can’t make this stuff up. He asked a Federal employee who reported to him to hunt for a used mattress from President Trump’s hotel. None of this seems to bother my Re-publican colleagues. How is that pos-sible? Mr. Speaker, it is time for the adults in Congress to stand up, bring sanity back to our government, bring profes-sionalism back to our government, and bring some integrity back to this insti-tution. Make your constituents proud. Make your government great again. You can start here today by voting ‘‘no’’ on this rule. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I didn’t come to the floor today to tell anybody that the process was perfect, and I didn’t come to the floor today to tell anybody that the pieces of legislation before us are perfect. I am certain that they are not perfect, Mr. Speaker, because I didn’t write every line of every one of them. That is my indication that they didn’t turn out exactly right. What I did do, however, because I serve on the committees of jurisdic-tion, is I worked with my Democratic colleagues to get to a bill that we can all be proud of. Understand what we are talking about here today, Mr. Speaker. We can go back and have a series of recrimina-tions and talk about all the injustices that have happened to each and every one of us over the years or we can cele-brate the fact that in a really difficult budget environment we found a way to get the appropriations bills out—two out of three of these bills today unani-mously—to the floor. The third one that didn’t come out unanimously still came out with a bipartisan vote, Mr. Speaker. We should be celebrating that, not pretending that we are not making an honest effort with one an-other to get things done. The Water Resources Development Act, Mr. Speaker, the largest water in-frastructure bill that this Congress will produce, and we produced it on a com-mittee that has members from the far left to the far right and produced it unanimously, Mr. Speaker, because we did not take no for an answer and con-tinued to work shoulder to shoulder until we found a place that each and every member could live with. No, these bills are not perfect today, which is why, in the case of WRDA, for example—again, the best work product the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee could produce—we allowed more than 50 additional amendments— more Democratic amendments than Republican amendments, bipartisan amendments as well—to try to improve that language. How does this WRDA bill come to the floor? It comes after a long period of time where this Congress was con-trolled by both parties where no WRDA bill was produced at all. I will say it again, Mr. Speaker: it comes after a time when this Congress, controlled by both parties, produced no Water Re-sources bill at all. No bill for ports, no bill for inland waterways, no bill for water infrastructure, and no bill for locks and dams. No bill, Mr. Speaker, at all. Fast forward to today, Mr. Speaker. We are talking about the third con-secutive Congress where we have come together and gotten it done—not got-ten it done for one party or another, not gotten it done for one Member or another—but gotten it done on behalf of all of our constituents who sent us all here, not to find excuses, not to find things to complain about, but to find a way to make it happen. Support this rule today, Mr. Speaker. I urge all my colleagues to support this rule today, Mr. Speaker, because if they do, we will bring that bipartisan work product to the floor. We will bring that unanimously approved gang violence prevention bill to the floor. And we will bring those three appro-priations bills all passing in a bipar-tisan way out of committee to this floor. It is a day we can be proud of, Mr. Speaker, and I am proud to be here with you to talk about it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am glad the gen-tleman came here to celebrate. I came here to remind everybody, again, that this is the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of Amer-ica. I think that is an important fact for people to consider and digest, be-cause process is important. Process equals substance. I am sorry, but that is not something to celebrate. We have no problem with the WRDA bill. We will support that, no problem. The gang violence bill, I think most of us will support that. Where we have a problem is what the majority did with the appropriations bills. The majority took two appropriations bills where there could be virtual unanimity—cer-tainly bipartisan support—and says: If you want those bills, you have got to swallow a poison pill. You have to also vote as part of that package an Energy and Water bill that is filled with antienvironmental riders. I get it. I know where the allegiance of the majority party is when it comes to the environment. It is in the pockets of the oil companies, the fossil fuel in-dustry, and now the coal companies. I get it. But for those who are offended by the antienvironmental record of the Re-publicans who run this House and cer-tainly by the antienvironmental record of this administration, we don’t want any part of that. That is not a bipar-tisan process. That is not a good proc-ess. By the way, these antienvironmental riders have no business being on an ap-propriations bill. It is stuff that just was added because the majority could. So we can’t celebrate that process. Yes, we will vote for the WRDA bill, applaud Chairman SHUSTER and ap-plaud Ranking Member D
EFAZIO and all the members of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. We have no problem with that. But this rule is designed for a pur-pose, and that is to limit debate and that is to try to put pressure on people to vote for a package that includes some really horrendous riders on it that do great harm to our environ-ment. That is not the way this place is supposed to work. Unfortunately, the majority controls the process. This is a process the ma-jority chooses to embrace. It is not fair, and, again, it is now the most closed process in the history of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, the infrastructure in our Nation is in dire need of repair and maintenance. Reports are that Chair-man S
HUSTER is hoping to release an infrastructure bill later this summer. This is good news, but given the Repub-lican majority’s recent history, the American taxpayers first need to know where our priorities with that bill lie. The American people have good rea-son to be worried about whom such an important bill would actually benefit. Just a few months ago the GOP passed a tax bill that skewed nearly all of the benefits to the wealthy and rich cor-porations leaving working class people behind. We can’t allow this same ap-proach to trickle into an infrastructure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.018 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4789 June 6, 2018 
bill that could skew all the benefits to billionaires and Wall Street banks looking to profit from the privatization of our infrastructure. We need to send a clear signal that our priority in repairing and upgrading our infrastructure is to not privatize these essential resources to enrich a lucky few; but instead will prioritize creating millions of living-wage jobs without selling off our roads and bridges to private investors. Mr. Speaker, here is the Republicans’ chance to prove that they stand with hardworking Americans in fixing our Nation’s infrastructure and not with billionaires, Wall Street banks, and foreign investors. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Represent-ative L
IEU’s resolution, H. Con. Res. 63, which outlines priorities for efforts to enact a bold jobs and infrastructure package that benefits all Americans, not just billionaires. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. b1300 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU) to discuss our proposal. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding. Since the beginning of this Congress, we have had more infrastructure weeks than I can count, but we have yet to take up a comprehensive infrastructure bill. America desperately needs that. The American Society of Civil Engi-neers has estimated that for the next 10 years, we need $4.6 trillion of infra-structure funding just to keep pace. Over $2 trillion of that is not funded. So, for example, 53 percent of our public schools need funding to make repairs. More than 18 million Ameri-cans drink from water systems that fail to meet Federal lead tests. Forty percent of rural America and those on tribal lands lack broadband access. The President has designated week after week as Infrastructure Week, but this House majority has yet to consider a serious infrastructure proposal. When it comes to infrastructure, the Presi-dent and this GOP majority has been all talk, no action. America deserves better. We have to fix our roads and highways, water infrastructure, schools, transit systems, and VA facili-ties. We have to have key principles for this infrastructure. First, we have to create millions of new jobs through investments in 21st century projects. We also need to em-phasize public investment over cor-porate giveaways and the selling of public goods. We need to embrace 21st century clean energy jobs, including expanding solar and wind power, pro-moting energy efficiency, and modern-izing the energy grid. We also need to ensure that invest-ments are not paid for at the expense of Social Security, Medicare, or Med-icaid. We need to not weaken or repeal existing environmental laws. H. Con. Res. 63, which embodies all of these principles, is supported by more than one-third of the House, with 157 cosponsors. We need to bring this pro-posal up rather than considering par-tisan appropriations bill that cut fund-ing for renewable energy and energy ef-ficiency and repeal protections that keep our waterways clean without of-fering a meaningful opportunity for de-bate. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I support the underlying water resources devel-opment legislation. In communities across the country, our infrastructure is falling apart, as colleagues on both sides of the aisle have pointed out. This is evident in the state of our Nation’s dams. In commu-nities like Waterbury, Vermont, dams are rapidly aging and the risk of breach continues to grow. In 2016, Congress took a very positive step to address this issue with the pas-sage of the WIIN Act. Section 1177 of the WIIN Act authorized funding for the Army Corps to rehabilitate some of the Nation’s oldest Corps-constructed dams that are classified as high hazard potential. As you know, the failure of a dam that is so classified is anticipated to cause the loss of life. While section 1177 was a positive start, its limited authorization and per project cap have hindered its effective-ness. To that end, I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Mem-ber D
EFAZIO for their willingness to work with me to address this matter. Section 105 of the legislation before us addresses these shortcomings by in-creasing the provisions in authoriza-tion and giving dams greater authority to accrue Federal funds over multiple years. The benefits of these changes to com-munities like Waterbury, Vermont are very clear. In 2011, Mr. Speaker, Water-bury suffered a devastating flood dur-ing Hurricane Irene. Despite the dam-age that the village suffered—totally flooded—the flooding in Waterbury would have been far more catastrophic if it weren’t for the Corps-built Water-bury Dam, a 1930s-era construction in need of significant repair. Section 105 will give the Corps the tools it needs to get work done rehabbing high-hazard dams like Waterbury across the coun-try. Both parties agree we need to im-prove our infrastructure. This bill will take important steps to do that and ad-dress some of our most outdated, haz-ardous dams in this country. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I appreciate the words of my friend from Vermont. He is absolutely right. Fiscal conservatives, as a rule, are out there trying to save money. Occasion-ally, we find ourselves in those spaces where we end up being penny wise and pound foolish. The flood mitigation projects that my friend from Vermont referenced saved countless dollars, but, more im-portantly, countless lives. As some of these aging infrastructure projects look to be on the brink of failure, the time to act is now, not later. I am glad to see that we were able to come together to invest needed re-sources today in a water resources de-velopment bill so that we are not spending dollars tomorrow in a disaster relief bill. This is the right time to do it, and I appreciate my friend from Vermont making that point. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of the gentleman from Georgia how many more speakers he has on his side? Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would advise my friend that I am prepared to close when he is. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in spite of the fact that this is the most closed Congress in the history of the United States, I believe in giving credit where credit is due. This WRDA bill is a bill that is the product of a bipartisan process. I ap-plaud the chairman, Mr. S
HUSTER , and the Ranking Democrat, Mr. D
EFAZIO, on working together, and all the mem-bers of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure coming to-gether to try to come to an accommo-dation that resulted in this bill. I regret very much that, despite their good work, in some backroom in the Rules Committee somewhere, the ma-jority decided to rip out a bipartisan provision that the chairman and rank-ing member had agreed on. Then, mak-ing that even worse, the chairman and the ranking member had an amend-ment to try to at least have a debate on the floor and let the Members decide that issue, but the Rules Committee decided not to make that in order as well. Anyway, I don’t want to be too picky. Overall, the WRDA bill is good. It will get a bipartisan vote. Of the three appropriations bills— this new approach where we bunch ev-erything together so we don’t have a lot of time to talk about them—two of the appropriations bills are fine. There would be, I think, a pretty big bipar-tisan vote. The Legislative Branch Ap-propriations bill would pass with a strong bipartisan vote. I think that is a good thing. The Military Construction- VA bill would pass with a strong bipar-tisan vote. That is a good thing. But 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.020 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4790 June 6, 2018 
my friends are allergic to bipartisan-ship. So, what they have to say is: You know what? Yeah, that is bipartisan, that is bipartisan, but we are going to bunch it in with a bill that is ex-tremely partisan, that is filled with these horrific anti-environmental rid-ers in it. If you want the good stuff, you have got to take this awful stuff as well. We are not going to do that. You are not going to have a bipartisan vote. I think if we were running this House, we would prefer to see a bipartisan vote than simply a partisan vote on ev-erything. If this is the beginning of an appro-priations process that you are going to employ throughout the remaining time, I worry about how this will all end up. My guess is, it will be what it usually is: this massive, gigantic mess at the end where deals are struck be-hind closed doors and things are put to-gether, and we get a vote on one big, massive bill, take it or leave it. And then we will find out what is in it weeks and months later. I think that we are at a point where we have to really decide how this House should be run. I would just re-spectfully say to my Republican friends that this is not the way we should do the appropriations process. In general, this is not the way we should run the House. We ought to be debating appropriations bills one at a time. We ought to be encouraging bi-partisanship, not trying to make it im-possible. We have to be more accommo-dating. It shouldn’t be a proud day for the majority to be able to break their own record of being the most closed Con-gress in the history of the United States. That is not the way this place is supposed to run. I think it has be-come too convenient for my Repub-lican friends to run it in a way where they just put bills on the floor and say: Take it or leave it, my way or the highway. I guarantee you, if you are more ac-commodating, if you are more open, you will have more bipartisan votes. You will have less rancor in this Cham-ber. Maybe people will actually like Congress better if they see us working together. So I regret very much that I think my words are falling on deaf ears, but it really is disappointing and I think it is a disservice to the institution. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can bring up Mr. L
IEU’s bill. If that doesn’t pass, I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. This is not the kind of process we want to see move forward on appropriations. I think this is the only opportunity for Democrats and Republicans to be able to express that, by voting ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, first things first. I men-tioned earlier I don’t think any of these bills are perfect bills; I just think they are the best we were able to work out together. I do want to mention that in the Rules Committee report in the sum-mary of Mr. NOLAN ’s amendment, we did describe that amendment incor-rectly. We have now corrected that for the record, that has been submitted, but I just want to highlight that for the purposes of transparency. I think my friend from Massachu-setts is exactly right, Mr. Speaker. It is time for us to decide how we want to run this institution. I don’t question his numbers. He is very good. When he says this is the most closed Congress in American history, I am sure he has some set of numbers that backs up that attestation. But what I know is, when I was run-ning for Congress and Democrats were leading this institution at the time, for the entire cycle that I was running, Democrats allowed less than 1,000 amendments totally for the entire ses-sion of Congress. Mr. Speaker, this Congress, we have considered more than 1,000 amend-ments before the month of May got out. We haven’t even gotten into the appropriations cycle yet. That doesn’t include the 30 amendments made in order on the appropriations bill today. It doesn’t include the 50-plus amend-ments made in order on WRDA today. We have already done more to allow Members to be heard in this Congress than was happening when the other side led this institution. I don’t think that should be the measure of success, Mr. Speaker. I don’t think that should be the measure of success. My friend from Massachusetts was right when he said we are going to get bigger votes and better votes when we bring better bills and a better process to the House floor. Let me tell you what I have brought today, Mr. Speaker. I will tell you what I brought today. I brought a bill that passed this House unanimously before it went to the Senate to be passed unanimously after a few amend-ments—and I brought it back here so that we can again pass it unani-mously—a bill to protect communities, to empower law enforcement to fight gang violence on the front lines. I want to send that bill to the President, Mr. Speaker. And if we pass this rule today, we will be able to send that unanimously agreed-upon legislation to the President. That is in this rule. Also in this rule is the Water Re-sources Development Act, which passed the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee unanimously. Unani-mously. Republicans, Democrats, con-servatives, liberals, everyone working together to bring a bill out of com-mittee. We brought it out of committee unanimously. The Rules Committee still made an-other 50 amendments in order in case folks want to improve upon it—50- plus—but we made those amendments in order to a bill that had already been agreed upon unanimously. What else does this rule do? It brings a third piece of legislation to the floor as a part of our appropria-tions package, the legislative branch appropriations bill, which passed out of committee how, Mr. Speaker? Unani-mously, Republicans and Democrats working together to bring that bill out of committee. We include the Military Construc-tion-Veterans Affairs bill in this pack-age, Mr. Speaker. It came out of com-mittee how? Don’t tell me. Unanimously, as Republicans and Democrats came together to move that legislation forward. b1315 And then we have a fifth part of this package, the Energy and Water appro-priations bill, which I confess—I want to be clear; I want to be transparent— did not pass unanimously. It just re-ceived a simple bipartisan vote to come out of committee. So I challenge my colleagues who want a better process, who want to see better bills come to the floor. We are already making more amendments in order than my friends on the other side ever dreamed of doing. We are already bringing bills to the floor that have passed in a collaborative, in fact, unan-imous way. If Members support this rule, they will be supporting five things, four of them that passed unanimously, and one that passed with a bipartisan vote. Is that going to get everybody what they want here today? I doubt it. It is a tall order, but is it worth supporting? Is it worth saying it is a step in the right direction? Is it worth celebrating because you know it could have gone a different way, but we committed our-selves to the excellence that we have here? It is. I will finish where I began, Mr. Speaker. I am proud to be down here carrying this rule today. I am the luckiest guy in the world to be able to come down here and talk about it, be-cause folks don’t get to hear it, they don’t get to read about it, they don’t get that around the water cooler back home, Mr. Speaker, that we are work-ing together; that we are working to-gether not only on the easy problems, but on the hard problems; that we are doing things here together that we have not done before, but we are doing them now because we have serious men and women on both sides of the aisle who want to make it happen. Support this rule. Support this rule. Let’s show the American people the work product that has gone into this legislation: the rule and those five un-derlying provisions. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the Rules Committee report (H. Rept. 115–711) to ac-company House Resolution 918 included an incorrect amendment description of amend-ment No. 14 offered by Representative N
OLAN  of Minnesota. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.022 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4791 June 6, 2018 
The correct amendment description should read: Expresses the sense of Congress that the construction of a new lock at the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, is vital to our na-tional economy, national security, and national need for new critical infrastructure. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the Rules Committee report (H. Rept. 115–711) to ac-company House Resolution 918 should have included in its waiver of all points of order against amendments to H.R. 8 a disclosure of following violation: Clause 9 of rule XXI, which requires a list of all earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits contained in an amendment to a bill or joint resolution to be offered at the out-set of its consideration for amendment by a member of a committee of initial referral as designated in a report of the Committee on Rules to accompany a resolution, or a certifi-cation that the amendment does not contain any of those items. While a statement has not yet been printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD for amendment No. 1 offered by Rep. S
HUSTER , it is important to note that Rep. S HU-
STER filed the required earmark statement on June 6, 2018, prior to floor consideration of the bill and amendment. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 918 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 6. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 63) supporting efforts to enact a bold jobs and infrastructure package that benefits all Americans, not just billionaires. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the concurrent resolution are waived. Gen-eral debate shall be confined to the concur-rent resolution and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. After general debate the concurrent resolution shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the concurrent resolution are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the concurrent resolution for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the concurrent resolution to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the concurrent res-olution and preamble thereto to adoption without intervening motion except one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the concurrent resolution, then on the next legislative day the House shall, imme-diately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consider-ation of the concurrent resolution. S
EC. 7. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H. Con. Res 63. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 224, nays 176, not voting 27, as follows: 
[Roll No. 234] YEAS—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.004 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4792 June 6, 2018 
NAYS—176 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—27 
Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Brooks (AL) Ca´rdenas Cohen Davis, Rodney Ellison Fortenberry Gomez Gutie´rrez Hunter Lee Lujan Grisham, M. McNerney Noem Palazzo Pelosi Perlmutter Polis Roby Rohrabacher Sa´nchez Sherman Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b1344 Mr. PAYNE, Ms. SEWELL of Ala-bama, Messrs. RUSH, and COSTA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. D
ESANTIS changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 234. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 223, noes 175, not voting 29, as follows: 
[Roll No. 235] AYES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—175 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—29 
Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Ca´rdenas Ellison Fortenberry Gomez Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hunter Lee Lujan Grisham, M. McCollum McNerney Noem Palazzo Pelosi Perlmutter Pittenger Polis Roby Rohrabacher Sa´nchez Sherman Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1350 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 219, nays 177, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 30, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.006 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4793 June 6, 2018 
[Roll No. 236] YEAS—219 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Clyburn Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Fleischmann Flores Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Griffith Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Issa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pascrell Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Posey Reichert Rice (SC) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Takano Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Turner Vela Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—177 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blackburn Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Cohen Comer Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger LaHood Lance Langevin Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Wenstrup Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—30 
Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Ca´rdenas Collins (GA) Dunn Ellison Fortenberry Gomez Gutie´rrez Hunter Lee Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch McNerney Noem Palazzo Perlmutter Pittenger Polis Ratcliffe Roby Rohrabacher Sa´nchez Sherman Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1357 Mr. WELCH changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained to cast my votes on time. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 235 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 236. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I missed three votes on June 6, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 234, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 235, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 236. 
f 
b1400 PERMISSION TO CONSIDER AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR. MOULTON OF MASSACHUSETTS DURING CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 8 Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, during con-sideration of H.R. 8 in the Committee of the Whole pursuant to House Resolu-tion 918, the amendment by Mr. MOULTON of Massachusetts now at the desk be considered as though printed as the last amendment printed in part A of House Report 115–711 and be debat-able for 10 minutes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Add at the end of title I the following: 
SEC. ll. CORPS OF ENGINEERS CONTINUING AUTHORITIES PROGRAM. 
Section 3(c) of the Act of August 13, 1946 (60 Stat. 1056, chapter 960; 33 U.S.C. 426g(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$30,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$45,000,000’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$15,000,000’’. Page 55, line 1, strike ‘‘$3,000,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,150,000,000’’. Page 57, line 24, strike ‘‘$3,000,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,150,000,000’’. 
Mr. WOODALL (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
PROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZA-TION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 918, I call up the bill (H.R. 3249) to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Pro-gram, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ). The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment. Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
For the purposes of this Act— (1) the term ‘‘firearms offenses’’ means an of-fense under section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘Program’’ means the Project Safe Neighborhoods Block Grant Program estab-lished under section 3; and (3) the term ‘‘transnational organized crime group’’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 36(k)(6) of the State Department Basic Au-thorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)(6)). 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT. 
The Attorney General of the United States is authorized to establish and carry out a pro-gram, to be known as the ‘‘Project Safe Neigh-borhoods Block Grant Program’’ within the Of-fice of Justice Programs at the Department of Justice. 
SEC. 4. PURPOSE. 
(a)P ROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS BLOCK  G
RANT PROGRAM .—The purpose of the Program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.009 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4794 June 6, 2018 
is to foster and improve existing partnerships be-tween Federal, State, and local agencies, includ-ing the United States Attorney in each Federal judicial district, entities representing members of the community affected by increased violence, victims’ advocates, and researchers to create safer neighborhoods through sustained reduc-tions in violent crimes by— (1) developing and executing comprehensive strategic plans to reduce violent crimes, includ-ing the enforcement of gun laws, and prioritizing efforts focused on identified subsets of individuals or organizations responsible for increasing violence in a particular geographic area; (2) developing evidence-based and data-driven intervention and prevention initiatives, includ-ing juvenile justice projects and activities which may include street-level outreach, conflict medi-ation, provision of treatment and social services, and the changing of community norms, in order to reduce violence; and (3) collecting data on outcomes achieved through the Program, including the effect on the violent crime rate, incarceration rate, and recidivism rate of the jurisdiction. (b)A
DDITIONAL PURPOSE AREAS.—In addition to the purpose described in subsection (a), the Attorney General may use funds authorized under this Act for any of the following pur-poses— (1) competitive and evidence-based programs to reduce gun crime and gang violence; (2) the Edward Byrne criminal justice innova-tion program; (3) community-based violence prevention ini-tiatives; or (4) gang and youth violence education, pre-vention and intervention, and related activities. 
SEC. 5. RULES AND REGULATIONS. 
(a)INGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall issue guidance to create, carry out, and admin-ister the Program in accordance with this sec-tion. (b)F
UNDS TO BEDIRECTED TO LOCAL CON-
TROL.—Amounts made available as grants under the Program shall be, to the greatest extent practicable, locally controlled to address prob-lems that are identified locally. (c)T
ASK FORCES .—Thirty percent of the amounts made available as grants under the Program each fiscal year shall be granted to Gang Task Forces in regions experiencing a sig-nificant or increased presence of criminal or transnational organizations engaging in high levels of violent crime, firearms offenses, human trafficking, and drug trafficking. (d)P
RIORITY .—Amounts made available as grants under the Program shall be used to prioritize the investigation and prosecution of individuals who have an aggravating or leader-ship role in a criminal or transnational organi-zation described in subsection (c). 
SEC. 6. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General to carry out the Program $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Goodlatte moves that the House con-cur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3249. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 918, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 3249. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, gangs are a poison in America. They bring violence, drugs, and death. They paralyze our commu-nities with flagrant acts of violence and flood our neighborhoods with drugs. Gangs tear apart families by prematurely taking the lives of sons, daughters, and parents. Unfortunately, today, some areas of our country have been overrun by gang violence. Homicide rates skyrocketed in St. Louis, Baltimore, and Chicago in 2016. Compared to the previous 5 years, 2016 represented a 15.8 percent increase in homicides in St. Louis, a 12.7 per-cent increase in Baltimore, and an 11.4 percent increase in Chicago. We must stand up to violent gangs and provide an antidote to their poi-son. H.R. 3249 is a vital part of the anti-dote. This legislation reforms and reau-thorizes the Project Safe Neighbor-hoods Block Grant Program. This pro-gram operates under four key prin-ciples: partnerships, strategic plan-ning, training, and outreach. First and foremost, the program brings all the important actors to-gether. This legislation will foster and improve existing partnerships between Federal, State, and local agencies, community groups, and researchers. Strategic planning is the foundation of the Project Safe Neighborhoods pro-gram. Moreover, H.R. 3249 promotes the ro-bust enforcement of existing criminal laws and the development of interven-tion and prevention programs, such as juvenile justice projects and activities, including street-level outreach, con-flict mediation, and social services. Intervention and prevention programs provide extensive training and commu-nity outreach. Furthermore, in relying on localized and contemporaneous data, this bill strategically prioritizes a focus on in-dividuals or organizations that are re-sponsible for increasing violence in a particular geographic area. This legislation will ensure that 30 percent of Project Safe Neighborhoods funding is allocated to gang task forces in regions experiencing a significant or increased presence of violent crime, firearm offenses, human trafficking, and drug trafficking. As a result, critical resources, such as the deployment of law enforcement and funding, are put to their best use. Altogether, this legislation takes a balanced approach by combining en-forcement with prevention to combat gang violence in our communities across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, the comprehensive, co-ordinated, and community-focused na-ture of the Project Safe Neighborhoods program will serve as a key part of the antidote to the poisonous effects gangs have on our country. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Virginia, Congresswoman B
AR-
BARA COMSTOCK , for taking the lead on this important bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the chairman is correct: the protection of our neighborhoods, the protection of our young people, the securing of our schools, the stopping of gun violence, the safeguarding of this Nation, are important responsibilities of this Congress, and certainly of the Nation itself. So I join with that com-mitment of safeguarding our neighbors and friends and families and our chil-dren. So I would certainly like to say of the Senate amendment dealing with the Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Reauthorization Act of 2018, it does provide additional resources to help local jurisdictions prevent and fight crime in their communities. It would authorize the Attorney General to es-tablish and implement a program to be known as the Project Safe Neighbor-hoods Block Grant Program within the Office of Justice Programs at the De-partment of Justice, thereby providing a formal authorization for the Project Safe Neighborhoods program, which is currently implemented by DOJ. That is an absolutely positive step to protect our neighborhoods. Thirty percent of the funding awards under this program would be, however, allocated to fighting gang-related crime. While I support authorizing this pro-gram, I would like to highlight two major concerns with this Senate amendment. First, a substantial portion of the funding under this bill would be dedi-cated to anti-gang task forces. I sup-port preventing and fighting crime no matter who the perpetrator may be, but I must caution against targeting groups of young people who are not en-gaged in crime, or who are standing around, or who may be, in essence, said to be engaged in crime, or may be from particular neighborhoods or ethnicities or backgrounds. I think all of our children deserve a chance to grow and become contrib-uting citizens. I would want to make sure that we get the gangs and that we get those who are the deadly ones that are killing and maiming, and those names, we know, have been cited, but I also want to make sure that we give our children a chance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.012 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4795 June 6, 2018 
However, under the current frame-work, focus is placed on identified sub-sets of individuals or organizations re-sponsible for increasing violence. This creates a danger where innocent young people will likely become targets, whether by virtue of clothes color or mere acquaintance of someone in light of the various talk, if you will, about gangs like MS–13, which I will ac-knowledge are in all of our commu-nities from east to west and north to south. Let’s get the bad guys. Let’s make sure we help our children not be des-tined to be the bad guys. We must not use law enforcement as a means to target individuals based solely on their ethnicity or national origin. Far too often, the rhetoric that we are fighting gangs may be laced with bias toward difference. That is why I wanted to offer an amendment at the Rules Committee to the Senate amendment, which would reflect the original provision offered by Representative C
OMSTOCK related to targeting groups. That was one that we were able to work with here in the House. That specific provision in H.R. 3249 was a much better provision. If accepted, my amendment would have ensured that funding be allocated justly based on sincere need and not on abuse that may occur to demonstrate a significant or increased presence of criminal organizations; and, number two, prevent funding being used to-wards a wide range of people that might need help, but labeled as crimi-nal groups, rather than the smaller number of people in communities re-sponsible, as you will hear law enforce-ment say, for the majority of violent crimes, like concentrated transnational organized crime groups as defined by the statute. This eliminates the sweeping effect this bill will have in application, where groups of people not defined by statute as transnational organized crime groups will become targets based on possible biases or rhetoric launched at particular classes of people. We cannot ignore that unfortunately, in the reality of our times, things may go awry. Therefore, in addition to in-troducing legislation, we must be vigi-lant in conducting oversight of the use of program funds and in protecting against such possible abuse. Second, I have concerns about the provision of the bill that focuses on data-driven intervention. I advocate in-stead for a robust focus on prevention- driven initiatives that will save us an enormous amount of money when done effectively. That is why I wanted to offer a sec-ond amendment which would amend the Crime Control Safe Streets Act of 1968 to allow for strong emphasis on gang prevention programs, which is key to curtailing much of these prob-lems. It is imperative to provide front- end mechanisms that would prevent the problems that are often costly, re-sulting in both human costs and tax dollars for our prisons. b1415 This amendment was practical and inexpensive. Now, let me clarify something. Data is very important because it helps us move toward best practices. But in ad-dition to data, we need to be able to use our good sense to talk about inter-vention, prevention, and working with youngsters again, who may be cat-egorized as being violent but, instead, may be the right kind of targets for intervention and prevention programs. This Senate amendment authorizes $50 million for each of the fiscal years 2019 to 2021, $150 million. The Senate amendment does not comply with House Republican CutGo requirements so that $50 million may be authorized for the program for this time. I certainly believe where we are try-ing to help children, we should also take that into consideration, particu-larly with prevention and intervention or gang violence and antibullying ini-tiatives. They are equally worthy goals. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to look further into how we continue to work together and to work to monitor this legislation to ensure that there is not an adverse impact on individuals clearly because of neighborhoods and backgrounds, because that is what America is all about: an equal oppor-tunity for particularly our young peo-ple, to get out of where they are and to be able to surge to be a good and con-tributing citizen. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on the Senate amendment to H.R. 3249, the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Act of 2017’’. This Senate amendment would provide ad-ditional resources to help local jurisdictions prevent and fight crime in their communities. It would authorize the Attorney General to establish and’ implement a program, to be known as the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Block Grant Program’’ (Program), within the Office of Justice Programs (OJP) at the De-partment of Justice (DOJ), thereby providing a formal authorization for the Project Safe Neighborhoods Program, which is currently implemented by DOJ. Thirty percent of the funding awards under this Program would be allocated to fighting gang-related crime. While I support authorizing this Program, I would like to highlight two major concerns of this Senate amendment. First, a substantial portion of the funding under this bill would be dedicated to anti-gang task forces. I support preventing and fighting crime no matter who the perpetrator may be, but I must caution against targeting groups of young people who are not engaged in crime. However, under the current framework, focus is placed on ‘‘identified subsets of indi-viduals or organizations’’ responsible for in-creasing violence. This creates a danger, where innocent young people will likely be-come targets, whether by virtue of clothes color or mere acquaintance of someone, in light of the administrations’ rhetoric around MS–13s. We must not use law enforcement as a means to target individuals based solely on their ethnicity or national origin. Far too often, the rhetoric of fighting gangs has been laced with racial bias. This is why I offered an amendment at Rules to this Senate amendment, which would reflect the original provision offered by Rep. COMSTOCK relating to targeted groups. That specific provision in H.R. 3249 was a much better provision. If accepted, my amendment would have: 1) ensured that funding be allocated justly based on sincere need and not on abuse that may occur to demonstrate a ‘‘significant or in-creased presence’’ of criminal organizations; and 2) prevented funding being used towards a wide range of people that need help but la-beled as criminal gangs, rather than the small number of people in communities responsible for majority of violent crimes, like concentrated ‘‘transnational organized crime groups’’, as de-fined by statute. This eliminates the sweeping effect this bill will have in application, where groups of peo-ple not defined by statute as ‘‘transnational or-ganized crime groups’’ will become targets based on biases and/or rhetoric launched at a particular class of people. We cannot ignore that unfortunate reality of current times. Therefore, in addition to intro-ducing legislation, we must be vigilant in con-ducting oversight of the use of Program funds and in protecting against such possible abuse. Second, I have concerns about the provi-sions of the bill that focus on data-driven inter-vention and I advocate instead, for a robust focus on prevention-driven initiatives that will save us enormous amount of money when done effectively. This is why I offered a 2nd amendment, which would amend the Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, to allow for strong emphasis on gang prevention programs, which is key to curtailing much of these problems. It is imperative to provide front-end mechanisms that would prevent the problems that are often costly, resulting in both human cost and tax dollars for our prisons. This amendment was practical and inexpensive. This Senate amendment authorizes $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021, totaling $150,000,000. This Senate amendment does not comply with House Republican ‘‘cut-go’’ requirements so that $50 million may be authorized for the Program for this time period. I believe preven-tion and intervention of gang violence and anti-bullying are equally worthy goals. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to pursue avenues that will not adversely impact individ-uals based solely on their ethnic backgrounds. Mr. Speaker, I do not argue against the merit of this Program. It would be but one facet of DOJ’s efforts to address gun and gang violence at the local, state, and tribal lev-els. We should view it from that holistic per-spective, and as an effort to supplement but not supplant alternatives that may employ dif-ferent, yet, still-effective approaches. During the Committee’s consideration of the H.R. 3249, we expressed these funding con-cerns, and urged that these funding prohibi-tions be eliminated. Today, we also address the concerns in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3249, which states as a purpose: Developing and executing comprehensive strategic plans to reduce violent crimes ‘‘in-cluding the enforcement of gun laws, and prioritizing efforts focused on ‘identified sub-sets of individuals or organizations’ respon-sible for increasing violence in a particular ge-ographic area.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.036 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4796 June 6, 2018 
For these reasons, I respectfully request se-rious consideration of these concerns and caution against possible abuse that may occur, which will prove counterproductive. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the Members of this body to concur with the Senate amendment to my bill, the Project Safe Neighbor-hoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2018, so that we may send this bill to the President for his signature. I appreciate all the work that Chair-man G
OODLATTE and the committee has done and the bipartisan nature in which they have worked with us, as well as the administration and the At-torney General. This bill will help address the prob-lem of the rise of violence from gangs like MS–13 that have threatened my area in Northern Virginia, as well as the entire Washington metropolitan re-gion and other places such as Long Is-land, Houston, and Los Angeles. MS–13 is actually active in 40 States and the District of Columbia, and their goal is to grow. Gangs like MS–13 have branched into human trafficking as well as drugs and, of course, their murderous rampages. In Virginia, we actually, several years ago, increased the penalties on any of these gang members involved with human trafficking, so we know we con-stantly need to change how we address these gangs. Now, let’s just look at some of the re-cent headlines in The Washington Post, our local paper, which they have actu-ally covered the violence, the murders, the trials and more of the approxi-mately over 30 killings over the past several years, and that is the number according to the gang task force. Here are some of the headlines: ‘‘MS–13 Is ‘Taking Over the School,’ One Teen Warned Before She Was Killed.’’ ‘‘He Was Flashing Gang Signs on Facebook. It Got Him Killed by MS– 13.’’ ‘‘Heinous and Violent: MS–13’s Ap-peal to Girls Grows as Gang Become Americanized.’’ And finally, one: ‘‘She Told the Girl She’d See Her in Hell Before Stabbing Her. Now She’s Guilty of an MS–13 Murder.’’ That particular murder was detailed about a young woman, Damaris Reyes Rivas, and her body was found here, this highway, which is just in Spring-field, in Virginia, about a dozen, a lit-tle over a dozen miles here from the Capitol. You can see the MS–13 gang signs here, and that is where they left her body. At age 12, Damaris was brought to the U.S. by her mom to escape gangs in El Salvador. By 15, she was dead, killed by those very gangs, numerous gang members, who then sent a video of her killing back to El Salvador because that is one of their goals, to show what they have done here. Just to give you a little detail on this, Fairfax County Commonwealth’s Attorney Ray Morrogh played the vid-eos in court, saying he wanted to make clear for the judge the depravity in-volved in the horrific murder of the high school girl. Her mother was in the courtroom. The prosecutor said: ‘‘Some kids are prodigies at the violin, and some kids are prodigies at violence. This is a prodigy at violence.’’ The first video shows Damaris in the Springfield, Virginia, woods, being in-terrogated by the gang members, nu-merous gang members, all of whom were between the ages of 15 and 21. They shout at her as she gets up from the snow-dusted ground. At one point, they clicked a cigar cutter, threatening her that she could lose a finger. They made her take off her shoes and her shirt so she could feel how cold it was. They were interro-gating her about a previous MS–13 murder. People were wielding knives, and they could hear, ‘‘Just stick the steel in her,’’ another one was telling them. They took her away to another area, then they took her back into the woods, forcing her to crawl through a 3-foot tunnel covered in MS–13 graffiti. Then they brutally murdered her, and they left her body, and then they came back that night to take the video of the murder to be able to send it back. As the prosecutor explained, those videos were taken so some of the MS– 13 members could send it back to El Salvador to earn a promotion within the gang, which requires violence to move up the ranks. Now, these are The Washington Post stories, I should add, and they also have written stories about how gangs are a problem in our jails. This is in Maryland. It says: ‘‘‘Our incidents every month are predominantly MS–13,’ said a jail investigator speaking on the condition of anonymity for his safety. ‘They are vying for the control of our jails.’’’ So there is violence going on in our jails as a result of this also. We had another victim, Carlos Otero Hernriquez, in Leesburg, Virginia. His body was dumped in a quarry in West Virginia after a brutal murder. The acting U.S. attorney for the eastern district of Virginia said of the killing: ‘‘The hallmark of MS–13 is extreme vi-olence. . . . This brutal kidnapping and murder is a tragic reminder of the im-pact MS–13 has on communities here in Northern Virginia.’’ MS–13 gangs prey on their own com-munity, as the example of this young woman. Last summer, I went on a ride-along with the Northern Virginia Regional Gang Task Force, which is comprised of 13 local, State, and Federal law en-forcement agencies working together. They are going to be—they should be— some of the beneficiaries of the bill here today. I do want to assure everyone, they work very carefully with the commu-nity. What they do is—their projects are to educate, to prevent, to work with the children in schools. They have Spanish-speaking members of the task force so they can make sure they are working with the kids to keep them safe. In one case, they had an MS–13 mem-ber who was trying to recruit his brother to join the gang, and then when his brother would not join the gang, they put a hit out on the brother. Fortunately, the gang task force was able to intervene, protect that brother, sort of a Cain and Abel type of situa-tion. Abel was protected. Cain, we were able to have the task force deal with him. But what I saw in working with the Task Force is their need for more tech-nology, their need for resources. When-ever I talk to them, they talk about how they need to be out in the schools, at the fairs. At one local fair in Herndon, actu-ally, I believe it was in Mr. C
ONNOLLY ’s district, the task force told me, at a Labor Day fair, they identified up to about 200 suspected gang members, just in there, weaving about among the children. So when we went on the ride-along with them, in one night, they picked up four suspected gang members. One of them turned out to be somebody who, at 16 years old, had committed murder in El Salvador; and then he had already been deported from the coun-try twice and was now back on Sterling Boulevard in Sterling, Virginia, about 25 miles or so from the Capitol. There he was, on a Friday evening, as chil-dren and everyone else were playing around. He was covered with gang signs when he lifted up his shirt. One of the tools that our gang task force needs more of is a little device that looks a lot like an iPad where, when you put the fingerprint of that gang member on the pad, his record then came up and we could see the en-tire record, and the gang task force members knew who they were dealing with. So it is clear that the resurgence of MS–13 is a multifaceted problem that needs a multifaceted solution, incor-porating efforts from all levels of gov-ernment, law enforcement, and com-munities. Passing the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Authorization Act of 2018 today, which the Senate has now already passed, will really get us back on the path to getting the re-sources that they previously had in our local task force. They called us today to let us know they aren’t even getting the money that they used to get. Unfortunately, this was State money that they used to get that they aren’t getting anymore that the State attorney general’s office used to provide them, and now they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.013 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4797 June 6, 2018 
aren’t getting it. So this is needed more than ever in regions like ours. I know the gentlewoman in Houston, they have problems there, too, and the beauty of this program is they work with those communities that are being targeted. They work with those chil-dren. They protect them. They become their friends. But they also get the MS–13 gang members out. Now, we do have another bill that I know the chairman worked with us to get out, which would make sure that we don’t have MS–13 gang members able to get in the country in the first place; and if they are here, we can re-move them more quickly. That still needs to get through Senate passage also. But I am pleased that now, today, we have been able to make sure that we don’t see this proliferating in our com-munities, this kind of gang activity, and to see these gang signs as we are driving home from work, going to a soccer game, you know, going to see our kids, and seeing that this is going on in our communities. This is some-thing that cannot be happening in our communities. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this important leg-islation to protect our communities and combat gang violence and provide more safe neighborhoods. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman from Virginia is absolutely right on our commitment to working to protect the children that we don’t want to be the victims. Certainly, gangs like MS–13 are in many places, and that is what my focus is. Those bad guys, those who would do harm, clearly, we stand united on. At the same time, I want to make sure that those who stumble in have al-ternatives, particularly in this coun-try, to get out of that web. As we pro-tect against them and give law enforce-ment their tools, I want to make sure that we give to others to find other ways to move away from this so that the bad intent, the murderous intent of those gangs can be separated and han-dled by law enforcement, while other young people have other opportunities. I might also say that I would hope that the Department of Justice will fund this program and, when I say that, Congress will work with us to fund other programs of intervention. So I might, if I could, engage the chairman in a colloquy. I would be eager to hear the gentleman’s thoughts on this thought. I am concerned that all of the talk of fighting gang violence may be, beyond this august Hall, laced with bias, racial bias, ethnicity, et cetera. The Senate amendment includes a reference to fo-cusing on identified subsets of individ-uals and organizations responsible for increasing violence in a particular geo-graphic area. I might indicate that that may be some bad behavior kids. Will the gentleman assure me that the intent of this provision referring to subsets of individuals is not to encour-age or condone the targeting of anyone because of their race or national origin and that they happen to be in groups? Mr. GOODLATTE. Will the gentle-woman yield? Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield to the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, the answer is yes. This legislation is intended to help our communities fight criminal gangs and the violence and mayhem they wreak, and the bill is not intended to target anyone because of their race or national origin. b1430 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I just wanted to make a concluding comment. We worked together on this. Would the gentleman also say that intervention and prevention programs are a positive contribution to helping our young peo-ple stay away from violence? Mr. GOODLATTE. If the gentle-woman will continue to yield, yes, I do. And I certainly support, at every level of government, making sure that we are doing what we can to intervene and get people headed in the right direction and avoiding some of those problems in the first place. And, certainly, some of that is contained within the programs that are funded by this legislation. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I certainly look forward to working fur-ther with the gentleman on these mat-ters, and I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I think when I was speaking about the ride along that I did with the Northern Virginia Regional Gang Task Force, someone said they thought they heard me say they had picked up 14 in one night. I just wanted to clarify. If it sounded like 14, I meant to say 4. So it was four in one night. Nevertheless, it goes to the problem of right in our communities there were four people there that they were able to pick up. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Again, let me just say, we have a solid and unified commitment to pro-tect our children, our neighborhoods, our families, and to isolate violent gangs, some of whom carry the name MS–13, but also to work with law en-forcement as they work to isolate those violent persons, but help find a way to steer other juveniles into a way of redemption, if I might utilize that term. Mr. Speaker, I want to continue working with the Judiciary Committee and my colleagues on that very point. So, Mr. Speaker, I do not argue the merit of this program. It would be but one facet of DOJ’s efforts to address gun and gang violence at the local, State, and Tribal levels. We would view it from the holistic perspective and as an effort to supplement, but not sup-plant, alternatives that may employ different yet still effective approaches. And that is antibullying, bullying intervention, intervention in gang ac-tivity, cyberbullying, and prevention of gang activities from the perspective that we understand in our neighbor-hoods. During the committee’s consider-ation of H.R. 3249, we expressed these funding concerns and urged that these fund prohibitions be eliminated. What I want to see is other programs continue to be funded that can help law enforce-ment and others on the question of pre-vention. Today, we also address concerns in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3249 which states as a purpose, developing and executing comprehensive strategic plans to reduce violent crimes, includ-ing the enforcement of gun laws and prioritizing efforts focused on identi-fying subsets of individuals and organi-zations responsible for increasing vio-lence and in a particular geographic area. I want to thank the chairman for what I believe is a clarification on the record, and we will continue to mon-itor as we work with our law enforce-ment across the Nation. For these rea-sons, I am respectfully asking that we continue to express our concerns, that we review it, that we ensure that the DOJ, as it works through these grants, continues to keep our legislative thoughts in mind so that this bill is productive and certainly not counter-productive of what we intend to do. Mr. Speaker, I again indicate a com-mitment that all of us have to get rid of those who terrorize our neighbor-hoods through the violence of gangs, like MS–13, and save our children who can be saved—which I know they can be—in our neighborhoods and through-out the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say that I appreciate the bipartisan effort that has gone into passing this very impor-tant legislation which will now go to the President’s desk for his signature, and will do a lot of good in fighting gang violence and helping young people steer toward a better future and a bet-ter life. Both of those things are the purpose of this legislation. I want to especially thank, again, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ) for her long- dedicated work to fighting gang vio-lence and helping our young people have better opportunities for the fu-ture, not only in Virginia, but all across this country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.039 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4798 June 6, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
ALMER ). All time for debate has ex-pired. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2018 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on H.R. 8. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OUZER ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 918 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 8. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. P
ALMER ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1437 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to pro-vide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and devel-opment of water and related resources, and for other purposes, with Mr. P
ALM-
ERin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to bring to the floor today the Water Resources Development Act of 2018. This marks the third Congress in a row that the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee of the House will consider a water resources bill, so we are back to regular order when it comes to WRDA. I hope we bring it to the floor today, and I hope we pass a WRDA bill. That is good news for the American people and the American economy, because WRDA works. WRDA works because it ensures that Congress carries out its clear Federal role in addressing infra-structure that is critical to our com-merce and competitiveness, and to pro-tecting communities throughout the country. WRDA authorizes targeted invest-ments in America’s harbors, ports, locks, dams, inland waterways, flood protection, environmental restoration, and other water resources infrastruc-ture. This infrastructure, maintained by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, is vital to every part of the country and every American benefits from it. You don’t have to live near a port or a major waterway to experience these benefits. The health of this infrastruc-ture directly impacts how efficiently the things we buy get onto our store shelves, and how quickly the goods that we produce get to markets around the world. WRDA improvements originate at the local level. They grow our local, re-gional, and national economies, and they create good-paying jobs. Restor-ing WRDA legislation to a 2-year con-gressional cycle was one of the first goals when I became chairman in 2013. By working together, we passed WRDA into law in 2014 and 2016. Both of these measures attracted broad bipartisan support, and this bill is no different, passing out of our com-mittee unanimously 2 weeks ago. I want to thank Ranking Member DEFA-
ZIO, Water Resources Environment Subcommittee Chairman G
ARRET  G
RAVES , and Subcommittee Ranking Member G
RACE NAPOLITANO for work-ing with me to introduce this bill. Our bipartisan legislation follows the fiscally responsible, transparent proc-ess for considering Corps activities that Congress established in 2014. It maintains strong congressional over-sight and the constitutional authority of the Legislative Branch. It deauthorizes old projects to fully offset new authorizations, and sunsets new authorizations to prevent future back-logs. WRDA also builds on past reforms of the Corps and explores new ways to de-liver projects more efficiently. In keep-ing with traditional WRDAs, my co-sponsors and I agreed to narrowly focus our bill on the civil works program of the Corps. Preserving the civil works focus of this bill increases the likeli-hood of final passage. If we don’t enact a bill into law this year, we will delay necessary water in-frastructure improvements and in-crease project costs. Let’s approve this vital bill today. Let’s build our water infrastructure. Let’s grow our econ-omy, and let’s create jobs. Let’s pass WRDA, because WRDA does work, and let’s ensure that WRDA continues to work for the American people. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to a good debate today and to moving this bill to the Senate, so I urge all of my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Chair, I include in the RECORD a cost estimate from the Congressional Budget Office for H.R. 8. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, June 4, 2018. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 8, the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2018. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. H.R. 8—W
ATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT 
OF2018 As reported by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on June 1, 2018 
SUMMARY  H.R. 8 would authorize the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps) to construct projects to improve navigation and flood management, to mitigate storm and hurri-cane damage and to provide assistance for water recycling and water treatment projects. The bill also would authorize the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to assist states and local govern-ments in mitigating flood risks from aging dams and levees. CBO estimates that imple-menting H.R. 8 would cost about $1.1 billion over the next five years and $2.5 billion over the 2019–2028 period, assuming appropriation of authorized and necessary amounts. Enacting H.R. 8 also would increase direct spending by $5 million over the 2019–2028 pe-riod; therefore, pay-as-you-go procedures apply. The bill would authorize the Corps to convey nine acres of federal land to the city of Nashville, Tennessee, in exchange for the fair market value of the property, which CBO estimates would total about $1 million. The bill also would authorize the Corps to credit the nonfederal sponsor of the Kis-simmee River Restoration Project for cer-tain in-kind contributions totaling $6 mil-lion. Enacting the bill would not affect reve-nues. H.R. 8 would significantly increase direct spending by more than $2.5 billion and on- budget deficits by more than $5 billion in at least one of the four consecutive 10-year pe-riods beginning in 2029, by authorizing the Corps to spend amounts in the Harbor Main-tenance Trust Fund without further appro-priation. H.R. 8 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA). 
ESTIMATED COST TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT  The estimated budgetary effect of H.R. 8 is shown in the following table. The costs of the legislation fall within budget function 300 (natural resources and environment). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.041 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4799 June 6, 2018 
By Fiscal Year, in Millions of Dollars— 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2019– 2023 2019– 2028 
INCREASES OR DECREASES (¥) IN DIRECT SPENDING Estimated Budget Authority ............................................................................................... 0 ¥1 0 0 0 0 6 0 0 0 ¥1 5 Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. 0 ¥1 0 0 0 0 6 0 0 0 ¥1 5 INCREASES IN SPENDING SUBJECT TO APPROPRIATION Water Resources Infrastructure: Estimated Authorization Level .................................................................................. 13 157 152 226 2 31 224 226 171 161 165 778 1,726 Estimated Outlays ..................................................................................................... 5 67 110 161 198 208 215 193 172 163 541 1,491 Dam and Levee Safety: Authorization Level .................................................................................................... 30 123 1 23 123 123 30 30 30 0 0 522 612 Estimated Outlays ..................................................................................................... 12 57 89 108 116 83 56 40 20 9 382 590 Navigation and Nonfederal Construction Programs: Authorization Level .................................................................................................... 13 38 38  38 38 13 13 13 13 13 163 225 Estimated Outlays ..................................................................................................... 5 19 28 3 3 36 26 18 14 12 12 121 203 Studies and Other Provisions: Estimated Authorization Level .................................................................................. 26 29 27 24 16 1 2 12 12 13 13 122 184 Estimated Outlays ..................................................................................................... 36 23 25 24 19 14 12 12 12 12 104 167 Total: Estimated Authorization Level ......................................................................... 82 346 339 410 408 278 28 1 225 187 190 1,584 2,747 Estimated Outlays ............................................................................................ 36 165 252 326 369  330 302 260 216 195 1,148 2,451 
BASIS OF ESTIMATE  For this estimate, CBO assumes that H.R. 8 will be enacted near the end of 2018 and that the authorized and necessary amounts will be appropriated for each fiscal year. Es-timates of amounts necessary to implement the bill are based on information from the Corps and FEMA; estimated outlays are based on historical spending patterns for similar projects and programs. Major compo-nents of the estimated costs are described below. 
SPENDING SUBJECT TO APPROPRIATION  CBO estimates that H.R. 8 would authorize appropriations totaling about $2.7 billion over the 2019–2028 period for water infra-structure projects and studies administered by the Corps and FEMA. We estimate that implementing those provisions would cost $2.5 billion over the 2018–2028 period. 
WATER RESOURCES INFRASTRUCTURE  CBO estimates that implementing provi-sions of the bill that would authorize the Corps to construct and modify water infra-structure projects would cost about $1.5 bil-lion over the 2019–2028 period, assuming ap-propriation of the specified amounts and ac-counting for anticipated inflation. Those provisions would authorize the Corps to con-struct seven new projects and would modify the existing authorization of three projects aimed at mitigating hurricane and storm damage, strengthening flood-risk manage-ment, improving the nation’s navigation sys-tem, restoring the environment, and pro-viding assistance for water recycling and water treatment projects. Using information from the Corps, CBO estimates that the total cost to complete those projects would be $4.2 billion. H.R. 8 would authorize the appropria-tion of $2.7 billion to cover the federal share of those costs—of that $1.7 billion would need to be appropriated over the 2019–2028 period (assuming historical rates of spending for similar projects)—and nonfederal entities would be responsible for the remaining costs, totaling an estimated $1.5 billion. The estimated cost of the largest project authorized by H.R. 8 totals $3.3 billion; the federal share would total about $2.2 billion. That project aims to address erosion along the coast in Galveston, Texas, and restore ecosystems including wetlands and marshes to enhance protection from storm surge in the area that was damaged by Hurricane Harvey. The estimated cost for the other projects authorized by the bill total $0.9 bil-lion; the federal share of those projects to-tals about $0.6 billion. Assuming appropriation of the necessary amounts, CBO estimates that spending on the project to restore the Texas coast in Gal-veston would total about $940 million over the 2019–2028 period. CBO estimates that con-struction spending for the other six projects and three modifications would total about $550 million over the next 10 years. To estimate how funds appropriated for those projects would be spent, CBO used in-formation from the Corps about when con-struction for each project could begin, how long it would take to complete, and what funding would be necessary to complete it over the anticipated construction period. Construction schedules and the pattern of spending for such projects is uncertain and plans are subject to change because of delays in obtaining funding and other unforeseen circumstances. For this estimate, CBO as-sumed that those projects with greater costs to benefits ratios would be prioritized for funding. Information on cost benefit ratios was provided to CBO by the Corps. CBO also analyzed the historical spending patterns of similar projects. Because of their size and complexity some large Corps projects can take several years to commence and more than ten years to complete. CBO estimates that the federal share of the projects and modifications authorized by this title would require the appropriation of about $1.7 bil-lion over the 2019–2028 period; the remainder of the federal share to complete the projects would be needed after 2028. Finally, the bill would withdraw the au-thorization for five projects originally au-thorized more than 70 years ago. Information from the Corps indicates that these projects are complete and no additional construction is planned; therefore CBO expects that deauthorizing them would have no budgetary effect. 
DAM AND LEVEE SAFETY  Using information provided by the Corps and FEMA, CBO estimates that imple-menting provisions addressing dam and levee safety would cost $590 million over the 2019– 2028 period, assuming appropriation of au-thorized amounts. H.R. 8 would reauthorize the national dam and levee safety programs operated by FEMA Corps. Those programs provide grants to local and state governments to assist with levee safety and rehabilitation, maintaining databases for the nation’s dams and levees, and implementing a public awareness and education program for managing dam and levee safety. Under those programs the Corps also would provide technical assistance to local and state governments to rehabilitate high risk levees. H.R. 8 would authorize the appropriation of $372 million for FEMA and the Corps to implement those programs. Using information on historical spending patterns for similar projects, CBO estimates that implementing those provisions would cost $365 million over the 2019–2028 period. The bill also would increase amounts au-thorized to be appropriated each year for the Corps to rehabilitate dams considered to be highly hazardous until the authorization for program expires in 2026. Dams eligible for funding would include those constructed by the Corps before 1940 that have been classi-fied as a high hazard by the state where the dam is located and that are operated by a nonfederal entity. Using information on his-torical spending patterns for this program, CBO estimates that implementing that pro-vision would cost $225 million over the 2019– 2028 period. NAVIGATION AND NONFEDERAL CONSTRUCTION  
PROGRAMS  CBO estimates that implementing provi-sions of the bill related to navigation and nonfederal construction programs would cost $203 million over the 2019–2028 period, assum-ing appropriation of the specified amounts. H.R. 8 would increase the amounts author-ized to be appropriated each year by $12.5 million for the Corps to construct small har-bor projects to improve navigation. Using in-formation from the Corps, CBO estimates that implementing that provision would cost $108 million over the 2019–2028 period. The bill also would reauthorize a pilot pro-gram for the Corps to contract with non-federal partners to construct projects to manage risk from floods, reduce damage from storms and improve navigation of the nation’s harbors. The program aims to iden-tify opportunities for reducing the costs and the time required to complete construction projects. The provision would authorize the appropriation of $25 million for each year from 2020 through 2023. Using information from the Corps, CBO estimates that imple-menting that provision would cost $95 mil-lion over the 2019–2028 period. 
STUDIES AND OTHER PROVISIONS  Using information provided by the Corps, CBO estimates that implementing the provi-sions described below would cost $167 million over the 2019–2028 period, assuming appro-priation of the necessary amounts. Those provisions would: Authorize the Corps to credit non-federal partners for work carried out on projects to protect, preserve, and restore the Louisiana coastal ecosystems; Authorize the Corps to conduct about 20 feasibility studies for projects to reduce risks stemming from floods, to restore eco-systems, and to improve navigation; and Direct the Corps to prepare a report on aquatic invasive species and other manage-ment reports, fund a demonstration project aimed at harmful algal bloom, and provide housing support to Indian tribes displaced by the construction of John Day Dam on the Columbia River in Washington and Oregon. CBO’s cost estimate for H.R. 8 excludes the costs of implementing section 108, which would authorize the Corps to restore infra-structure for shore protection damaged by natural disasters to pre-storm levels because the number of eligible projects is not avail-able. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.019 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4800 June 6, 2018 
CHANGES IN DIRECT SPENDING  Using information provided by the Corps, CBO estimates that implementing the provi-sions described below would increase direct spending by about $5 million. The construc-tion phase of the Kissimmee River Restora-tion Project in Florida is nearly complete and the Corps anticipates that the final ac-counting for the federal and nonfederal shares of the project’s cost will occur in about 5 years. The Corps has previously de-termined that certain in-kind contributions provided by the local sponsor of the project were ineligible as a qualifying credit toward the portion of the local cost share. H.R. 8 would reverse that decision by the Corps and reduce any cash settlement that would be re-quired by the local sponsor to reconcile the nonfederal account. The Corps would be re-quired to credit the nonfederal sponsor for the Kissimmee River Restoration Project for those in-kind contributions, which total $6 million. The bill also would authorize the Corps to convey 9 acres of federal land to the city of Nashville, Tennessee, in exchange for pay-ment of the fair market value of the prop-erty. Using information provided by the Corps, CBO estimates the city would pay the federal government about $600,000 in 2020 when the property is transferred. 
PAY-AS-YOU-GO CONSIDERATIONS  The Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 establishes budget-reporting and enforce-ment procedures for legislation affecting di-rect spending or revenues. The net changes in outlay that are subject to those pay-as- you-go procedures are an increase in direct spending of $5 million. Enacting the bill would not affect revenues over the 2019–2028 period. 
INCREASE IN LONG -TERM DIRECT SPENDING AND  
DEFICITS  CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 8 would increase net direct spending and on-budget deficits by more than $2.5 billion and on- budget deficits by more than $5 billion in at least one of the four consecutive 10-year pe-riods beginning in 2029. Under the bill, balances in the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund (HMTF) would be-come available to the Corps, without further appropriation, beginning in fiscal year 2029. The Corps would expend those funds on non-routine maintenance costs and deferred re-pairs at eligible projects. CBO estimates that the balance in the HMTF would total about $15 billion in 2029. In recent years the annual appropriation from the HMTF has been about $1 billion. CBO estimates that direct spending from the HMTF in 2029 and later years would exceed $1 billion per year. CBO cannot predict whether annual discretionary appropriations from the HMTF would con-tinue at any level after 2028. 
MANDATES  H.R. 8 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in UMRA. 
ESTIMATE PREPARED BY  Federal Costs: Aurora Swanson; Mandates: Jon Sperl. 
ESTIMATE REVIEWED BY  Kim P. Cawley, Chief, Natural and Phys-ical Resources Cost Estimates Unit. Theresa Gullo, Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 8, the Water Resources Development Act of 2018. This is the product of many months of hard work by members of the committee and staff, and I particu-larly want to congratulate the chair-man. This will be his last WRDA bill, but until his leadership, water re-sources bills had languished for, I be-lieve, a decade. So this has been a tre-mendous achievement. This is a good bill. However, it could be better. In the last Congress, I of-fered an amendment in committee to take the harbor maintenance trust fund off budget, allow the Corps to spend the proceeds in the trust fund every year, and draw down the surplus that deals with a backlog on all of our ports. Ports affect the entire Nation, any time you have an import or an export, which covers virtually all of the States of the union. These red dots are har-bors that are critical to our infrastruc-ture. On a daily basis, our major ports are at about 35 percent of their author-ized depth. 35 percent. Why is that? Well, because we don’t have the money to fix them. And the jetties are falling apart. We don’t have the money to fix them. Well, actually, we do have the money to fix them, but some very short-sighted people around here want to play games. They want to collect a tax from the American people—a minus-cule tax, 0.0125 cents on the value of every imported good that comes through a harbor. That is, if you buy a $30,000 car, you are going to spend about $37.50 that, starting with Ronald Reagan, was dedicated to maintaining our harbors at proper depths and main-taining the jetties for these harbors, not limiting the funds just to the com-mercial harbors, but to small and emerging ports, which are also critical to the Nation: the fishing industry, recreation, and others. However—and this has been a bipar-tisan problem, starting even when Democrats have been in charge—this has been underspent on an annual basis. Today, there is $10.5 billion of taxes collected from the American peo-ple sitting idle or having been spent somewhere else. It has got a theo-retical trust fund. Now, that is going to grow every year as we underspend this tax. It could grow to $20 billion within a decade. So we don’t have the money to dredge the ports and we don’t have the money to fix the jetties, because Congress is di-verting the money. I actually worked on this with the chairman’s father quite some time ago, and the chairman has been supportive of my efforts. Unfortunately, it was stripped out of that bill by the Rules Committee 2 years ago. And this year, again, the Rules Committee found that they would not allow this to go forward. So we offered it in a different form to get around their technical objections about budget caps and discretionary spend-ing. b1445 So we offered—well, there actually is a way around that. They didn’t like that either. They want to continue to steal money from the American people and divert it to be spent who knows where—somewhere else, but not on our harbors and our ports. Now, the administration actually sent to what is called their statement down to us with an SAP—and it really is a SAP; they are SAPs—a Statement of Administration Policy is what it stands for. They sent down a provision where they said: This is great that you are not allowing the Congress to spend the tax collected from the American people on the stated purpose. What? Really? Yes. That is their po-sition. They say that the ports should have greater flexibility to spend local money on the ports. Well, they have all the flexibility in the world to spend local money on local ports. They can partner with the Corps and fund Corps activities. I did that a number of years ago in Oregon. They don’t have the money, and we are depriving them of the money. But this is the Trump administra-tion’s solution. The big infrastructure package? This is going to be counted. We are going to add $3 billion to the pile of unfunded Corps projects. We have got today $96 billion of Corps projects that have been author-ized by Congress that aren’t funded in the foreseeable future. At the end of this debate there will be $99 billion—al-most $100 billion—quite an achieve-ment, and the administration is ap-plauding this. They think this is just great because it gives the local ports the capability of raising money they can’t raise to spend on the improve-ments they can’t make. Meanwhile, we are stealing money from the American people. It is a very sad day. So with that said, I will move on. There are other issues in this bill that are critical. We have $3 billion to new Chief’s Re-ports which will go on the shelf for the indefinite future, maybe 100 years or longer. But people can go home and say: Well, I got that project, all we need to do now is get the money. Maybe a future Congress—maybe next year—we will decide to start spending the harbor maintenance tax on harbor maintenance. Who knows? It might depend upon who is in charge around here. There are other provisions in here that are critical, authorizing the na-tional levee safety initiative, the na-tional dam safety program—those are pretty important things—promoting improved safety measures, and reduc-ing the risk to life and property. There are a couple of provisions that benefit or would go for Corps projects in my district, one related to Fern Ridge Dam, and a collapsing road near the dam. A number of years ago, we had to expedite funds to fix a col-lapsing dam, now we have a collapsing road by the collapsing dam, and hope-fully, the Corps can get to that before we have a major problem; and then de-livering on a very long-ago promise to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.021 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4801 June 6, 2018 
Indian tribes that were displaced by dams that were built three-quarters of a century ago. Their villages were flooded and displaced, and this would authorize the Corps to provide housing assistance to those tribes. There are other meritorious things in this bill. Again, I want to congratulate the chairman on what will be the third conservative 2-year authorization of the Water Resources Development Act. We just need to find the will and the money to fund the necessary projects. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ), who is the chair-man of the Subcommittee on Water Re-sources and Environment. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for all of his leadership on this important legisla-tion. I want to thank my friend from Oregon and my friend from California for working with us on this, as there is a bipartisan agreement to move this bill forward. Mr. Chairman, why are we doing this bill? People at home who are watching this, people who are living in their communities, why are we doing this bill? We are doing this bill because we need to ensure that people live in places that are safe—safe from flooding and safe from hurricanes. We just saw last year the 2017 hurricanes, Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and Nate, where we spent well over $150 billion so far—I believe we are near $180 billion— responding to those disasters. People need to live in safe, resilient commu-nities. We need to ensure that we can build navigation channels that stay compat-ible with trends in shipping. We built the Panama Canal. The United States built the Canal, yet the Panamanians have stepped in and deepened and wid-ened the canal and the lock system in a shorter period of time than we have been able to even deepen ports here in the United States. Then, of course, there are environ-mental issues, the environmental con-sequences of many of these projects, in-cluding in my home State of Louisiana, where we have lost 2,000 square miles of our coast, and the Corps of Engineers has not stepped in and done a single thing to actually restore the environ-mental consequences of their actions— 2,000 square miles of coastal wetlands. If you or I did that, we would be in jail today. So the reason we are doing this bill is because as the ranking member, Mr. D
EFAZIO, mentioned a few minutes ago, we have a nearly $100 billion backlog in projects. We are putting forward some-where around $2 billion a year in con-struction funds. You can do the math. I am a math whiz, and I can tell you that you will finish those projects ap-proximately never, because $2 billion a year on $100 billion, you can’t even keep up with inflation. We must reform the process, and this bill moves in that direction. There are important reforms in this bill like allowing the non-Federal spon-sors, the States, the parishes, the coun-ties, the water boards, and the ports, to grab components of these projects and move them forward on their own work-ing in collaboration with the Corps of Engineers to ensure that we are mov-ing these projects forward efficiently. We need to make sure that we are moving redundancies in the process and allowing these non-Federal enti-ties to use the same permitting process that the Corps of Engineers just went through and spent millions of dollars complying with. We are still being re-spectful to the environment, but we are not forcing them to carry out redun-dant measures, paying twice for the same actions because that doesn’t make sense. Let me go back and talk about, again, what these outcomes actually yield. We are talking about projects to prevent communities from flooding, to prevent hurricane damages, to restore the environment, and to ensure that our ports and waterways can facilitate the ships that are growing in width and in depth across the globe to where we can have more cost-effective shipping in the United States and our port sys-tems and we can facilitate the trade that comes around the globe and into our country. Mr. Chairman, they have projects that have been in the study phase, not for months or years, but for decades. We have projects that have been wait-ing on full implementation of construc-tion for decades. Once again, in my home State of Louisiana, we have the Comite project that has been around for 32 years, $100 million nearly has been spent, and nothing has been done to actually provide flood relief—$100 million. We have another project in southeast Louisiana in Terrebone and Lafourche Parishes, where the Corps of Engineers has spent nearly $80 million and hasn’t put a shovel in the ground yet. How do you do that when you look at the fact that we have a $20 trillion def-icit and we are spending those sorts of dollars on actions that aren’t bene-fiting taxpayers? Who is that rep-resenting? Because it is not the people who sent us here. So I will say it again: this bill moves forward in transparency, it moves for-ward in efficiency while respecting the environment, it allows projects to be expedited, and it gives more flexibility for the Corps and their non-Federal partners to work together to deliver these projects. One thing that is in here that I know the chairman is a big fan of and we pushed as well with our friends across the aisle, is taking a look to study whether or not the Corps of Engineers should remain within the Department of Defense. Is this a mission that is truly com-patible with our Department of De-fense? I want Secretary Mattis focused on Syria and focused on Iran, North Korea, China, Russia, and other threats to our country. I don’t want him or her also worried about what is happening with a coastal wetlands permit. I want him focused on the national defense of our country, so looking at where this mission perhaps could be better housed, better compatibility, and ulti-mately to deliver better outcomes to taxpayers across the country. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I associate the re-marks of my ranking member, the chairman of the committee, and the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. GRAVES . I rise in strong support of the bipartisan bill, H.R. 8, the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2018. I very strongly thank Chairman S
HU-
STER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and Chairman G
RAVES for their work on this legislation. It is encouraging to see that the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee continue in a bi-partisan fashion on this legislation every 2 years. This bill authorizes Army Corps of Engineers’ feasibility studies, Chief’s Reports, and section 7001 water re-source projects across the country for a diverse array of purposes, including flood damage reduction, ecosystem res-toration, hurricane and storm damage reduction, water supply—very impor-tant to me—and navigation. It also includes an important water recycling project for Los Angeles Coun-ty in California, with the West Basin Municipal Water District’s Harbor/ South Bay project. This project pro-vides a $35 million increase for an ex-isting, successful authorization to im-prove microfiltration of wastewater and delivery to residents and busi-nesses. This will create long-term water supply reliability in our drought- prone region. I want to thank my good friends, Di-rectors Carol Kwan and Gloria Gray, for their commitment to this cost-ef-fective and innovative water supply op-tion for all their constituents. I also am pleased to see the inclusion of several provisions that will continue the work we have done in recent WRDAs to assist communities experi-encing drought with additional water supply options. These provisions include section 109 that will require the Corps to work with local governments on integrated water resources planning to incor-porate in Corps projects locally devel-oped plans for stormwater manage-ment, water quality improvements, and—my baby—water recycling. Section 107 provides for forecast-in-formed reservoir operations in water control manuals to ensure that dams are being used effectively to maximize local water supply. Section 115 provides a comprehensive report on the operation and mainte-nance backlog of Corps projects so that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.043 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4802 June 6, 2018 
Congress has a full accounting of the unmet needs of authorized water re-source projects. We have such a backlog, and there is that fund that goes nowhere, the bil-lions of dollars that should be going to the ports that do not benefit, and we have a tremendous backlog. I am concerned that the bill does not include a bipartisan provision sup-ported by the Transportation and In-frastructure Committee that would fully fund the harbor maintenance trust fund. Congress needs to remedy this inequity in the harbor mainte-nance trust fund once and for all, so that the taxes paid into the system are benefiting the projects they were in-tended for. I support the efforts of port stakeholders, including the American Association of Port Authorities, which includes all ports in the United States which recently approved, for the first time, a national agreement with all ports to create fairness in the harbor maintenance trust fund. It is very un-fortunate that the House leadership is using procedural tactics to prevent the House from addressing this critical issue. I am confident that this bill, when and if enacted, will provide drought- prone regions like mine and other very necessary areas with the tools nec-essary to increase water supply and water conservation measures and be prepared for future storm events to capture and reuse the water that would have otherwise been lost. I want to thank my constituent water agencies for their input through-out this process, including the Upper San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District, the Three Valleys Municipal Water District, the San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District, the San Ga-briel WaterMaster, the Los Angeles County Department of Public Works, and my local Corps leadership, General Helmlinger, Colonel Gibbs, and David Van Dorpe. Mr. Chairman, I urge passage of this bill, and I ask Members to support H.R. 8. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. G
RAVES ). The other Mr. G
RAVES from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is the chair-man of the Subcommittee on Highways and Transit. Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today in support of H.R. 8. I want to say, too, the chairman’s commitment to passing bipartisan WRDA bills every 2 years has been very impactful on better managing the bu-reaucracy of the Corps of Engineers. I think we can all agree that the Corps needs regular examination of projects and policy to hold them ac-countable, and this is good government and a policy I would like to see the committee remain committed to in the future. In my district, Mr. Chairman, this bill is extremely important to the agri-culture economy and to everyone who relies on the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers. b1500 My district alone is bordered by 400 miles of Missouri and Mississippi River frontage. So we in northern Missouri are directly affected by the Corps’ ac-tions. I am glad that the committee unani-mously adopted my amendment to bring some common sense to the man-agement of the endangered species— specifically, the pallid sturgeon—that live along the Missouri River. Past efforts to help the pallid stur-geon have led to multiple years of flooding and millions of dollars’ worth of damage to my constituents. What is worse is the fact that the Corps has spent money year after year on popu-lation recovery, and it has not helped the pallid sturgeon one bit. This is ab-solutely unacceptable. Before the Army Corps builds any new, unproven structures along the Missouri and spends millions of tax-payer dollars, they are now required to prove that it actually works. Further-more, the Army Corps must prove that these structures, called IRCs, do not negatively impact the other manage-ment priorities on the Missouri River that the Corps is responsible for, most importantly, which is flood control and navigation. Mr. Chairman, the Corps shouldn’t be focused on constructing environmental habitats. They should be protecting people and businesses from flooding and helping facilitate navigation on the river. We have been down this road before with unproven methods to help fish over people. In closing, this is a good bill. It is necessary to advance important flood control projects and ensure our inland waterways remain a reliable and effi-cient option for transporting goods up and down the rivers. I urge all my col-leagues to vote for H.R. 8. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ), my colleague on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, as a member of the Water Resources and Environment Subcommittee and a co-sponsor of this bill, I rise in support of H.R. 8. Our water infrastructure is impor-tant to the health of our economy and job growth, including infrastructure job opportunity in the skilled trades. Supporting our water infrastructure is essential to the goal of ensuring en-vironmental justice. Communities in poverty and women and children are especially vulnerable to the harsh con-sequences of failing and faulty water infrastructure. Let us not forget Flint, Michigan. This bill continues this im-portant bipartisan process. As a Representative from Michigan, this bill continues to protect the Great Lakes region. The Davis amendment on the floor today affirms the commit-ment to fighting invasive species. Com-pletion of the long-awaited Brandon Road Study is needed to combat envi-ronmental threats to our region. The Great Lakes waterways create thousands of jobs and create billions in revenue, annually. We must continue to support the Army Corps’ operations that operate these critical waterways. As Members know, our Nation’s in-frastructure is in desperate need of re-pair, and we cannot kick the can down the road anymore. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS), a member of the committee. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER  and G
RAVES , Ranking Member D EFA-
ZIO, and also my other good friend, the ranking member on the subcommittee, Mrs. N
APOLITANO . I am proud to join them to support this bill and to say that WRDA works. In 2014, during my first term in Con-gress, we passed the first Water Re-source Development Act in 7 years. This bill made critical reforms to add efficiencies to the Corps’ process of studying and recommending projects for authorization, and, importantly, it set us up to get WRDA back on a 2-year cycle of authorizations. This bill rep-resents the continuation of that proc-ess. Our bill authorizes a total of eight Army Corps of Engineers Chief’s Re-ports received since the last WRDA passed by us in 2016. All of these Chief’s Reports have been fully vetted by the committee at hearings during this Con-gress and in an open and transparent process. Now, I haven’t shied away from my criticism of the Corps in the past. I think that the Corps is good at build-ing things, but actually getting to con-struction is typically the most difficult part of the process. One particular provision in this bill directs the National Academy of Sciences to analyze the Corps’ civil works functions and the potential im-pacts of transferring those functions to another Federal agency. They will be required to provide recommendations to us in Congress. Mr. Chairman, it is truly clear that WRDA works. The authorizing com-mittee has diligently worked over the past three Congresses to get us back on this 2-year cycle to ensure that we con-tinue to improve processes. I would also be remiss, Mr. Chair-man, if I didn’t mention those projects of national significance that have been authorized for many years and yet have seen very little progress, includ-ing the Navigation and Ecosystem Sus-tainability Program, or NESP. Author-ized by Congress in 2007, this critical project would expand seven locks on the Upper Mississippi and Illinois Riv-ers to meet the demand for barges to transport agricultural and other com-modities to the global marketplace. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.044 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4803 June 6, 2018 
Unfortunately, because of incon-gruent priorities at the Corps in the past and a reluctance from the Appro-priations Committee, we have yet to see this move forward. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ARPER ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, we can and must do better to align our priorities with the Corps to ensure critical projects of national significance don’t languish after an ini-tial authorization, which is why, re-lated to my earlier comments, I believe it is important for Congress to under-stand the implications and potential efficiencies of moving the Corps’ mis-sion to another Federal agency. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ). Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I thank the committee Democrats and Republicans for bringing this bipar-tisan bill to the floor. One of the most important pieces of infrastructure in my particular district in the State of Michigan is the Sagi-naw River. This Federal port allows for raw material from around the world to be brought into our communities to be used in manufacturing and agriculture and is really the lifeblood of the econ-omy there. The depth of the river, however, cur-rently limits the size of the ships that can use this very important port. Our dock owners on the Saginaw River have joined with the local government and businesses to propose deepening the Saginaw River to increase business opportunities and grow jobs in our re-gion. The Army Corps process to authorize deepening of the river, however, can sometimes be rather time-consuming. While millions have been spent by dock owners, under current law, the Army Corps construction plan for considering construction projects does not allow those investments that have already been made. So I am supporting this legislation, in part, because of the reforms in the bill. It changes the way the Army Corps does their cost-benefit analysis on a project. It will greatly benefit many projects, including the Saginaw River’s deepening project. This will grow jobs in my district, in our State, and in our country. It is a step in the right direction. I encourage the Corps to work with those local members and that local coalition on the deepening of this river using the re-forms in this bill. This is really impor-tant for my district. I really appreciate the work of the committee in coming together and de-livering these reforms and delivering a good bill to the floor in a bipartisan fashion. I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ). Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I rise as a conservative in support of this measure. As conservatives, we want less gov-ernment; but the government that we have, we want to work better. I think that WRDA does that. I think one of the things we look at is how do we become more competitive as a society relative to all the other places around the globe in the way that we deliver goods, whether by land, by air, or by sea. Again, this bill does that. I stand in support of this measure and thank the chairman for his work on it. I want to particularly single him out for what he has done with the WRDA process. As has already been mentioned, there was a 7-year skip between WRDA bills. But there was a bill in 2014; there was a bill in 2016; there was a bill in 2018. That kind of predictability is abso-lutely necessary if you are going to see marine and other investments as we have seen, for instance, in a place like Charleston. Two, I want to thank him for what he is doing with regard to non-Federal sponsors. This idea of adding new flexi-bility in the way that we originate pro-grams, I think, makes a lot of sense. One authorization means a bottleneck. What this bill does is frees up bottle-necks in the way that things get fund-ed. Third, I want to single out GARRET  G
RAVES and, again, the chairman, for this study on whether or not civil works can be done by nonmilitary ac-tors. I think that this is vital in mov-ing the backlog through that now ex-ists on the WRDA front. Finally, I want to say thanks for what he is doing on cost-benefit anal-ysis. A place like Charleston has been heavily hampered as a consequence of their throwing in local money. What we want to reward at the Federal level is more in the way of State and local money as we leverage Federal invest-ment. Again, I thank the chairman for what he has done on this measure, and I rise in support of H.R. 8. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, this legislation is a bright light of biparti-sanship that is sorely needed by com-munities like mine in Hawaii and those in Florida as well. There is nothing more necessary and basic to life than water. Strengthening and upgrading our water infrastructure is critical to protecting the health, safety, and welfare of communities all across the country. Those like mine, who are surrounded by water, and those in our coastal communities are acutely aware of the dire need for in-vestment. For example, for us in Hawaii, we rely on our ports for the vast majority of the basic needs and supplies that we have to ship in for our residents. We have also experienced historic floods in Hawaii recently, like other States, ex-posing the urgent need for investment in water infrastructure. Just one example, risk experts in Ha-waii have warned that the Ala Wai wa-tershed’s high vulnerability to dev-astating flooding could result in finan-cial devastation to the tune of over $1.1 billion, damaging more than 3,000 structures, and speaks to the fact that the area is home to over 150,000 resi-dents and over 80,000 visitors every day. This bipartisan legislation will se-cure critical funding for flood risk management both on the Ala Wai Canal, other places in Hawaii, and across the country, helping to provide that necessary safety and security for our residents. This is a critical piece of bipartisan legislation that deserves the support of Congress. Let’s take this opportunity to better the lives of our constituents and residents across the country by strengthening our national infrastruc-ture and ensuring clean and safe drink-ing water for all. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ). Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, North Carolina’s Seventh Congressional Dis-trict is fortunate to have some of the most beautiful beaches and waterways in the United States, which are major contributors to our State’s vibrant tourism industry, attracting more than 50 million visitors a year and gener-ating more than $22.9 billion in rev-enue. This Water Resources and Devel-opment Act is critical to strengthening our country’s infrastructure projects, all of which are so critical to the Na-tion’s economy. In the district I represent, Carolina Beach’s Coastal Storm Damage Reduc-tion project reached the end of its 50- year authorization in 2014. While the Army Corps of Engineers works to complete their study to determine fu-ture authorization of this project, this bill provides for continued authoriza-tion in the interim and long-term cer-tainty of nourishment should the Corps study be favorable and funding avail-able. Our ports, beaches, inlets, and water-ways are the lifeline of economic activ-ity and job growth for our coastal com-munities, and they are incredibly im-portant for the Nation as a whole. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D
EFAZIO and the rest of my colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for putting forth a strong bill that addresses the unique coastal needs of North Caro-lina’s Seventh District and makes great improvements to current law en-abling critical projects to move for-ward while saving taxpayer dollars in multiple ways. A job well done. I urge everyone’s support. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.046 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4804 June 6, 2018 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, when I first got to the U.S. House, a WRDA bill hadn’t passed in 6 years. Since then, Chairman S
HUSTER has led a ren-aissance in the committee, putting us back on the 2-year cycle, which I ap-plaud him and all of our colleagues on the committee for spearheading these efforts. What we are looking for is pre-dictability and stability in this proc-ess. Just a few weeks ago, that process continued, as the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2018 passed through the committee in a unanimous and bi-partisan fashion. b1515 Now, WRDA stands before the House ready for final passage. This legislation will institute, importantly, a review process of the Army Corps of Engi-neers’ backlog that can save, in the near term, $3 billion. Now, with $100 billion worth of work identified, and maybe $2 billion per year allocated, when will we ever get caught up on this unless there is a review and new proc-ess put in place? We will also implement a study to improve Army Corps’ administration and procedures, and greatly increase the role of local shareholders in car-rying out water development projects like we have seen in Sutter and Butte Counties in northern California. In-deed, the public will be much better served in safety when working on these levee projects and getting them done timely and for lower costs. This whole WRDA legislation will be key for important flood control work and levee work, in addition to the many other things that have been talked about today. This bill is an im-portant next step in moving this proc-ess forward, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. I rise today in support of H.R. 8—the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2018. As the most senior Texan on the House Transportation & Infrastructure Committee and former chair of the Water Resources and Envi-ronment Subcommittee, I am pleased to support this bill which represents a bipartisan effort to authorize critical water infrastructure projects and de-velop our nation’s future water re-sources. Our ports, inland waterways, locks, dams, flood protection, and other water infrastructure are vital to our nation and its global competitiveness. Water infrastructure forms a critical back-bone in support of our overall infra-structure needs and H.R. 8 will ensure that the United States can provide not only basic water resources for its peo-ple, but also promote commerce along our nation’s waterways. One element of the WRDA bill that I wish had been addressed is the full use of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund (HMTF). The HMTF was established to cover the operation and maintenance (O&M) expenses of our waterways and harbors. As Harbor Maintenance Taxes (HMTs) are collected, it is the responsi-bility of Congress to appropriate its spending for dredging and other O&M activities. A sufficient amount of HMT revenue is collected each year to meet our nation’s annual authorized harbor maintenance needs. It is critical that we remain open to the idea of fully uti-lizing the HMTF for harbor mainte-nance purposes. Mr. Chair, I look forward to working with Congress to continue authorizing these important projects and sticking to a two-year authorization cycle. Doing so will ensure that we are able to advance water resources develop-ment projects in a timely manner and provide the predictability and support that is so desperately needed. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 8, the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2018. Our district, centered in Eastside and Northside Houston and eastern Harris County, was one of the most highly impacted by Hurricane Harvey. While we have passed emergency supple-mental funding the Port of Houston and the Army Corps of Engineers have drastic needs for mitigating the damage done by Harvey. The Port of Houston is the second busiest in the U.S. in terms of overall tonnage and the busiest in the U.S. in terms of foreign tonnage. Silt, from the bayous has drastically limited maneuverability and depth. The port had re-cently completed dredging to 45 feet. Many of the ships can no longer get through the chan-nel due to hurricane damage. The disaster funding has not reached our ports. The port currently estimates that first phase of recovery from the storm will cost an esti-mated $457 million dollars. The ship channel is the lifeblood of Houston. The energy renais-sance that we have experienced in this coun-try is also driven by industry that relies on the Port and the ship channel. It’s absolutely es-sential to our district that we adequately fund corps projects that get the port back at their normal capacity. Decades ago Congress created the Harbor Maintenance Fund, a tax on goods to keep our ports and harbors in good working order, and every year appropriators do not appro-priate the needed funds. It is past time that we start putting all the money collected from port economic activity back into maintaining our ports. Army Corps of Engineer projects go hand in hand with the health of our ports as well. Houston is a city of Bayous. When our Bay-ou’s are damaged in a storm like Harvey the silt flows downstream into the ship channel. The turning basis, which was hit hard in the Tax Day Floods of 2016 has seen draft restric-tions for over 1,300 days now. These Army Corps projects don’t just save money though, they create jobs. These im-provements in this bill aren’t theoretical, they’re shovel ready projects the Corps has read to go. The Army Corps of Engineers recently an-nounced that it was allocating around $360 million to address high-priority needs for hurri-cane ravaged regions but unfortunately while many projects have been submitted to the Of-fice of Management and Budget, no action has been take to clear these projects. I call on Director Mulvaney to take imme-diate action on these needs so OMB won’t stand as a roadblock to protecting my con-stituents as we enter a new hurricane season. I’d like to thank my colleagues on the Trans-portation and Infrastructure committee for crafting a Water Resources Development Act that addresses these pressing issues and urge my colleagues to support the bill. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–72, shall be con-sidered as adopted, and shall be consid-ered as an original bill for purpose of further amendment under the 5-minute rule. The bill, as amended, shall be con-sidered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 8 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Secretary defined. TITLE I—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 101. Sense of Congress regarding water re-sources development bills. Sec. 102. Assessment of harbors and inland har-bors. Sec. 103. Levee safety initiative reauthoriza-tion. Sec. 104. Dam safety. Sec. 105. Rehabilitation of Corps of Engineers constructed dams. Sec. 106. Forecast-informed reservoir oper-ations. Sec. 107. Identification of nonpowered dams for hydropower development. Sec. 108. Emergency response to natural disas-ters. Sec. 109. Integrated water resources planning. Sec. 110. Mitigation banks. Sec. 111. Indian Tribes. Sec. 112. Columbia River. Sec. 113. Dissemination of information. Sec. 114. Non-Federal engagement and review. Sec. 115. Comprehensive backlog report. Sec. 116. Structures and facilities constructed by Secretary. Sec. 117. Transparency in administrative ex-penses. Sec. 118. Study of the future of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. Sec. 119. Acknowledgment of credit. Sec. 120. Non-Federal implementation pilot pro-gram. Sec. 121. Study of water resources development projects by non-Federal interests. Sec. 122. Construction of water resources devel-opment projects by non-Federal interests. Sec. 123. Advanced funds for water resources development studies and projects. Sec. 124. Funding to process permits. Sec. 125. Study on economic and budgetary analyses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.048 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4805 June 6, 2018 
Sec. 126. Study of corrosion management at Corps of Engineers projects. Sec. 127. Costs in excess of Federal participa-tion limit. Sec. 128. Report on innovative materials. Sec. 129. Study on Corps of Engineers. Sec. 130. GAO study. Sec. 131. GAO report on Alaska Native village relocation efforts due to flooding and erosion threats. Sec. 132. Study and report on expediting certain waiver processes. Sec. 133. Corps of Engineers continuing au-thorities program. Sec. 134. Credit in lieu of reimbursement. Sec. 135. Lake Okeechobee regulation schedule review. Sec. 136. Missouri River. Sec. 137. Access to real estate data. Sec. 138. Aquatic invasive species research. Sec. 139. Harmful algal bloom technology dem-onstration. Sec. 140. Bubbly Creek, Chicago ecosystem res-toration. Sec. 141. Operation and maintenance of naviga-tion and hydroelectric facilities. Sec. 142. Hurricane and storm damage reduc-tion. Sec. 143. Post-disaster watershed assessments in the territories of the United States. TITLE II—STUDIES Sec. 201. Authorization of proposed feasibility studies. Sec. 202. Additional studies. Sec. 203. Expedited completion of reports for certain projects. TITLE III—DEAUTHORIZATIONS, MODI-FICATIONS, AND RELATED PROVISIONS Sec. 301. Deauthorization of inactive projects. Sec. 302. Backlog prevention. Sec. 303. Project modifications. Sec. 304. Milwaukee Harbor, Milwaukee, Wis-consin. Sec. 305. Bridgeport Harbor, Connecticut. Sec. 306. Conveyances. Sec. 307. Clatsop County, Oregon. Sec. 308. Kissimmee River Restoration, Central and Southern Florida. Sec. 309. Lytle and Cajon Creeks, California. Sec. 310. Yuba River Basin, California. TITLE IV—WATER RESOURCES INFRASTRUCTURE Sec. 401. Project authorizations. 
SEC. 2. SECRETARY DEFINED. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Army. TITLE I—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 101. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT BILLS. 
It is the sense of Congress that, because the missions of the Corps of Engineers for naviga-tion, flood control, beach erosion control and shoreline protection, hydroelectric power, recre-ation, water supply, environmental protection, restoration, and enhancement, and fish and wildlife mitigation benefit all Americans, and because water resources development projects are critical to maintaining the country’s eco-nomic prosperity, national security, and envi-ronmental protection, Congress should consider a water resources development bill not less often than once every Congress. 
SEC. 102. ASSESSMENT OF HARBORS AND INLAND HARBORS. 
Section 210(e) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall assess the’’ and inserting ‘‘shall assess, and issue a re-port to Congress on, the’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) O
PPORTUNITIES FOR BENEFICIAL USE OF  
DREDGED MATERIALS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary shall identify potential opportunities for the beneficial use of dredged materials obtained from harbors and inland har-bors referred to in subsection (a)(2), including projects eligible under section 1122 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1645; 33 U.S.C. 2326 note).’’. SEC. 103. LEVEE SAFETY INITIATIVE REAUTHOR-IZATION. 
Title IX of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 9005(g)(2)(E)(i), by striking ‘‘2015 through 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; and (2) in section 9008, by striking ‘‘2015 through 2019’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 104. DAM SAFETY. 
Section 14 of the National Dam Safety Pro-gram Act (33 U.S.C. 467j) is amended by striking ‘‘2015 through 2019’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 105. REHABILITATION OF CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS CONSTRUCTED DAMS. 
Section 1177 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2016 (33 U.S.C. 467f–2 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,000,000’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,000,000’’. 
SEC. 106. FORECAST-INFORMED RESERVOIR OP-ERATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT ON FORECAST -INFORMED RES-
ERVOIR OPERATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of completion of the forecast-in-formed reservoir operations research study pilot program at Coyote Valley Dam, Russian River Basin, California (authorized by the River and Harbor Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 177)), the Secretary shall issue a report to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate on the re-sults of the study pilot program. (b) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .—The Secretary shall include in the report issued under sub-section (a)— (1) an analysis of the use of forecast-informed reservoir operations at Coyote Valley Dam, Cali-fornia; (2) an assessment of the viability of using forecast-informed reservoir operations at other dams owned or operated by the Secretary; (3) an identification of other dams owned or operated by the Secretary where forecast-in-formed reservoir operations may assist the Sec-retary in the optimization of future reservoir op-erations; and (4) any additional areas for future study of forecast-informed reservoir operations. 
SEC. 107. IDENTIFICATION OF NONPOWERED DAMS FOR HYDROPOWER DEVELOP-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall develop a list of existing non-powered dams owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers that have the greatest potential for hydropower development. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the list under subsection (a), the Secretary may con-sider the following: (1) The compatibility of hydropower genera-tion with existing purposes of the dam. (2) The proximity of the dam to existing trans-mission resources. (3) The existence of studies to characterize en-vironmental, cultural, and historic resources re-lating to the dam. (4) Whether hydropower is an authorized pur-pose of the dam. (c) A
VAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall pro-vide the list developed under subsection (a) to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and make such list avail-able to the public. SEC. 108. EMERGENCY RESPONSE TO NATURAL DISASTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5(a)(1) of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n(a)(1)) is amend-ed in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘strengthening, raising, ex-tending, or other modification thereof’’ and in-serting ‘‘strengthening, raising, extending, re-aligning, or other modification thereof’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘structure or project damaged or destroyed by wind, wave, or water action of other than an ordinary nature to the design level of protection when, in the discretion of the Chief of Engineers,’’ and inserting ‘‘structure or project damaged or destroyed by wind, wave, or water action of other than an ordinary nature to either the pre-storm level or the design level of protection, whichever provides greater protec-tion, when, in the discretion of the Chief of En-gineers,’’. (b) D
URATION .—Section 156(e) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5f(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘6 years’’ and inserting ‘‘9 years’’. 
SEC. 109. INTEGRATED WATER RESOURCES PLAN-NING. 
In carrying out a water resources development feasibility study, the Secretary shall consult with local governments in the watershed covered by such study to determine if local water man-agement plans exist, or are under development, for the purposes of stormwater management, water quality improvement, aquifer recharge, or water reuse. 
SEC. 110. MITIGATION BANKS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF MITIGATION BANK.—In this section, the term ‘‘mitigation bank’’ has the meaning given that term in section 332.2 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue guidance on the use of mitigation banks to meet requirements for water resources development projects in order to update mitigation bank cred-it release schedules to— (1) support the goal of achieving efficient per-mitting and maintaining appropriate environ-mental protections; and (2) promote increased transparency in the use of mitigation banks. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The guidance issued under subsection (b) shall— (1) be consistent with— (A) part 230 of title 40, Code of Federal Regu-lations; (B) section 906 of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2283); (C) part 332 of title 33, Code of Federal Regu-lations; and (D) section 314(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 33 U.S.C. 1344 note); and (2) provide for— (A) the mitigation bank sponsor to provide sufficient financial assurances to ensure a high level of confidence that the compensatory miti-gation project will be successfully completed, in accordance with applicable performance stand-ards, under section 332.3(n) of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations; (B) the mitigation bank sponsor to reserve the share of mitigation bank credits required to en-sure ecological performance of the mitigation bank, in accordance with section 332.8(o) of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations; and (C) all credits except for the share reserved under subparagraph (B) to be available upon completion of the construction of the mitigation bank. 
SEC. 111. INDIAN TRIBES. 
(a) C OSTSHARING PROVISIONS FOR THE TERRI-
TORIES AND INDIAN TRIBES .—Section 1156(a)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2310(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 102 of the Federally Recognized Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.015 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4806 June 6, 2018 
Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 5130)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(e))’’. (b) W
RITTEN AGREEMENT REQUIREMENT FOR  W
ATER RESOURCES PROJECTS .—Section 221(b)(1) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘a feder-ally recognized Indian tribe and, as defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602), a Native village, Regional Corporation, and Village Corporation’’ and in-serting ‘‘an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(e))’’. 
SEC. 112. COLUMBIA RIVER. 
(a) B ONNEVILLE DAM, O REGON .—Section 1178(c)(1)(A) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1675) is amended by striking ‘‘may provide assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘may provide assistance, which may include housing and related improvements,’’. (b) J
OHN DAYDAM, W ASHINGTON AND OR-
EGON .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Interior, conduct a study to deter-mine the extent to which Indian Tribes have been displaced as a result of the construction of the John Day Dam, Columbia River, Wash-ington and Oregon, as authorized by section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 179), including an assessment of effects related to housing and related improvements. (2) A
DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—If the Secretary de-termines, based on the study under paragraph (1), that assistance is required, the Secretary may use all existing authorities of the Secretary to provide assistance, which may include hous-ing and related improvements, to Indian Tribes displaced as a result of the construction of the John Day Dam, Columbia River, Washington and Oregon. (3) R
EPEAL .—Section 1178(c)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1675) is repealed. (c) T
HEDALLES DAM, WASHINGTON AND OR-
EGON .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, shall complete a vil-lage development plan for any Indian Tribe dis-placed as a result of the construction of the Dalles Dam, Columbia River, Washington and Oregon, as authorized by section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 179). 
SEC. 113. DISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Congress plays a central role in identi-fying, prioritizing, and authorizing vital water resources infrastructure activities throughout the United States. (2) The Water Resources Reform and Develop-ment Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121) estab-lished a new and transparent process to review and prioritize the water resources development activities of the Corps of Engineers with strong congressional oversight. (3) Section 7001 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d) requires the Secretary to develop and submit to Congress each year a Report to Con-gress on Future Water Resources Development and, as part of the annual report process, to— (A) publish a notice in the Federal Register that requests from non-Federal interests pro-posed feasibility studies and proposed modifica-tions to authorized water resources development projects and feasibility studies for inclusion in the report; and (B) review the proposals submitted and in-clude in the report those proposed feasibility studies and proposed modifications that meet the criteria for inclusion established under such section 7001. (4) Congress will use the information provided in the annual Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development to determine au-thorization needs and priorities for purposes of water resources development legislation. (5) To ensure that Congress can gain a thor-ough understanding of the water resources de-velopment needs and priorities of the United States, it is important that the Secretary take sufficient steps to ensure that non-Federal in-terests are made aware of the new annual report process, including the need for non-Federal in-terests to submit proposals during the Sec-retary’s annual request for proposals in order for such proposals to be eligible for consider-ation by Congress. (b) DISSEMINATION OF PROCESS INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary shall develop, support, and implement education and awareness efforts for non-Federal interests with respect to the an-nual Report to Congress on Future Water Re-sources Development required under section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Develop-ment Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d), including ef-forts to— (1) develop and disseminate technical assist-ance materials, seminars, and guidance on the annual process as it relates to non-Federal in-terests; (2) provide written notice to local elected offi-cials and previous and potential non-Federal in-terests on the annual process and on opportuni-ties to address local water resources challenges through the missions and authorities of the Corps of Engineers; (3) issue guidance for non-Federal interests to assist such interests in developing proposals for water resources development projects that sat-isfy the requirements of such section 7001; and (4) provide, at the request of a non-Federal in-terest, assistance with researching and identi-fying existing project authorizations and Corps of Engineers decision documents. 
SEC. 114. NON-FEDERAL ENGAGEMENT AND RE-VIEW. 
(a) P UBLIC NOTICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Prior to developing and issuing any new or revised implementation guid-ance for a covered water resources development law, the Secretary shall issue a public notice that— (A) informs potentially interested non-Federal stakeholders of the Secretary’s intent to develop and issue such guidance; and (B) provides an opportunity for interested non-Federal stakeholders to engage with, and provide input and recommendations to, the Sec-retary on the development and issuance of such guidance. (2) I
SSUANCE OF NOTICE .—The Secretary shall issue the notice under paragraph (1) through a posting on a publicly accessible website dedi-cated to providing notice on the development and issuance of implementation guidance for a covered water resources development law. (b) S
TAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT .— (1) I
NPUT.—The Secretary shall allow a min-imum of 60 days after issuance of the public no-tice under subsection (a) for non-Federal stake-holders to provide input and recommendations to the Secretary, prior to finalizing implementa-tion guidance for a covered water resources de-velopment law. (2) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary may, as appro-priate (as determined by the Secretary), reach out to non-Federal stakeholders and circulate drafts of implementation guidance for a covered water resources development law for informal feedback and recommendations. (c) D
EVELOPMENT OF GUIDANCE .—When devel-oping implementation guidance for a covered water resources development law, the Secretary shall take into consideration the input and rec-ommendations received from non-Federal stake-holders, and make the final guidance available to the public on-line on a publicly accessible website. (d) C
OVERED WATER RESOURCES DEVELOP -
MENT LAW.—In this section, the term ‘‘covered water resources development law’’ means— (1) the Water Resources Reform and Develop-ment Act of 2014; (2) the Water Resources Development Act of 2016; (3) this Act; and (4) any Federal water resources development law enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 115. COMPREHENSIVE BACKLOG REPORT. 
Section 1001(b)(4) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a(b)(4)) is amended— (1) in the header, by inserting ‘‘
AND OPER -
ATION AND MAINTENANCE ’’ after ‘‘ BACKLOG ’’; (2) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall com-pile and publish— ‘‘(i) a complete list of all projects and sepa-rable elements of projects of the Corps of Engi-neers that are authorized for construction but have not been completed; and ‘‘(ii) a list of major Federal operation and maintenance needs of projects and properties under the control of the Corps of Engineers.’’; (3) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
BACKLOG ’’ before ‘‘
INFORMATION ’’; and (B) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(i)’’; (4) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as sub-paragraph (D) and inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) R
EQUIRED OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  
INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall include on the list developed under subparagraph (A)(ii), for each project and property under the control of the Corps of Engineers on that list— ‘‘(i) the authority under which the project was authorized or the property was acquired by the Corps of Engineers; ‘‘(ii) a brief description of the project or prop-erty; ‘‘(iii) an estimate of the Federal costs to meet the major operation and maintenance needs at the project or property; and ‘‘(iv) an estimate of unmet or deferred oper-ation and maintenance needs at the project or property.’’; and (5) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated— (A) in clause (i), in the matter preceding sub-clause (I), by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall submit a copy of the list’’ and inserting ‘‘For fiscal year 2019, and bienni-ally thereafter, in conjunction with the Presi-dent’s annual budget submission to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit a copy of the lists’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘list’’ and insert-ing ‘‘lists’’. 
SEC. 116. STRUCTURES AND FACILITIES CON-STRUCTED BY SECRETARY. 
Section 14 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (33 U.S.C. 408) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) W
ORKDEFINED .—For the purposes of this section, the term ‘work’ shall not include unim-proved real estate owned or operated by the Sec-retary as part of a water resources development project if the Secretary determines that modi-fication of such real estate would not affect the function and usefulness of the project.’’. 
SEC. 117. TRANSPARENCY IN ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
Section 1012(b)(1) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2315a(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2018, the Sec-retary’’. 
SEC. 118. STUDY OF THE FUTURE OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY CORPS OF ENGI-NEERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the National Academy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.015 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4807 June 6, 2018 
of Sciences to convene a committee of experts to carry out a comprehensive study on— (1) the ability of the Corps of Engineers to carry out its statutory missions and responsibil-ities, and the potential effects of transferring the functions (including regulatory obligations), personnel, assets, and civilian staff responsibil-ities of the Secretary relating to civil works from the Department of Defense to a new or existing agency or subagency of the Federal Govern-ment, including how such a transfer might af-fect the Federal Government’s ability to meet the current statutory missions and responsibil-ities of the Corps of Engineers; and (2) improving the Corps of Engineers’ project delivery processes, including recommendations for such improvements, taking into account fac-tors including— (A) the effect of the annual appropriations process on the ability of the Corps of Engineers to efficiently secure and carry out contracts for water resources projects and perform regulatory obligations; (B) the effect that the current Corps of Engi-neers leadership and geographic structure at the division and district levels has on its ability to carry out its missions in a cost-effective manner; and (C) the effect of the frequency of rotations of senior leaders of the Corps of Engineers and how such frequency affects the function of the district. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The study carried out under subsection (a) shall include consideration of— (1) effects on the national security of the United States; (2) the ability of the Corps of Engineers to maintain sufficient engineering capability and capacity to assist ongoing and future operations of the United States armed services; and (3) emergency and natural disaster response obligations of the Federal Government that are carried out by the Corps of Engineers. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—The agreement entered into under subsection (a) shall require the Na-tional Academy to, in carrying out the study, consult with— (1) the Department of Defense, including the Secretary of the Army and the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Civil Works; (2) the Department of Transportation; (3) the Environmental Protection Agency; (4) the Department of Homeland Security; (5) the Office of Management and Budget; (6) other appropriate Federal agencies; (7) professional and nongovernmental organi-zations; and (8) the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate. (d) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit the final report of the National Academy containing the findings of the study carried out under subsection (a) to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 119. ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF CREDIT. 
Section 7007(a) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2007 (121 Stat. 1277; 128 Stat. 1226) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding section 221(a)(4)(C)(i) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d– 5b(a)(4)(C)(i)), the Secretary may provide credit for work carried out during the period begin-ning on November 8, 2007, and ending on the date of enactment of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2018 by the non-Federal interest for a project under this title if the Secretary de-termines that the work is integral to the project and was carried out in accordance with the laws specified in section 5014(i)(2)(A) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1331) and all other applicable Federal laws.’’. SEC. 120. NON-FEDERAL IMPLEMENTATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 1043(b)(8) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2201 note(b)(8)) is amended by striking ‘‘2015 through 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 121. STUDY OF WATER RESOURCES DEVEL-OPMENT PROJECTS BY NON-FED-ERAL INTERESTS. 
Section 203 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘federally authorized’’ before ‘‘feasibility study’’; (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) R
EVIEW AND SUBMISSION OF STUDIES TO  
CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of a feasibility study of a project under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that describes— ‘‘(A) the results of the Secretary’s review of the study under subsection (b), including a de-termination of whether the project is feasible; ‘‘(B) any recommendations the Secretary may have concerning the plan or design of the project; and ‘‘(C) any conditions the Secretary may require for construction of the project. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The completion of the re-view by the Secretary of a feasibility study that has been submitted under subsection (a)(1) may not be delayed as a result of consideration being given to changes in policy or priority with re-spect to project consideration.’’; and (3) by amending subsection (e) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(e) R
EVIEW AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary may accept and expend funds provided by non-Federal interests to undertake reviews, inspections, certifications, and other activities that are the responsibility of the Secretary in carrying out this section. ‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—At the request of a non-Federal interest, the Secretary shall pro-vide to the non-Federal interest technical assist-ance relating to any aspect of a feasibility study if the non-Federal interest contracts with the Secretary to pay all costs of providing such technical assistance. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Funds provided by non- Federal interests under this subsection shall not be eligible for credit under subsection (d) or re-imbursement. ‘‘(4) I
MPARTIAL DECISIONMAKING .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall ensure that the use of funds accepted from a non-Federal interest will not affect the impartial decision-making of the Secretary, either substantively or procedurally.’’. 
SEC. 122. CONSTRUCTION OF WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS BY NON- FEDERAL INTERESTS. 
Section 204 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2232) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘federally au-thorized’’ before ‘‘water resources development project’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘, except as provided in paragraph (3)’’ before the semi-colon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
ERMIT EXCEPTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For a project described in subsection (a)(1) or subsection (a)(3), or a sepa-rable element thereof, with respect to which a written agreement described in subparagraph (B) has been entered into, a non-Federal inter-est that carries out a project under this section shall not be required to obtain any Federal per-mits or approvals that would not be required if the Secretary carried out the project or sepa-rable element unless significant new cir-cumstances or information relevant to environ-mental concerns or compliance have arisen since development of the project recommendation. ‘‘(B) WRITTEN AGREEMENT .—For purposes of this paragraph, a written agreement shall pro-vide that the non-Federal interest shall comply with the same legal and technical requirements that would apply if the project or separable ele-ment were carried out by the Secretary, includ-ing all mitigation required to offset environ-mental impacts of the project or separable ele-ment as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) C
ERTIFICATIONS .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraph (A), if a non-Federal interest car-rying out a project under this section would, in the absence of a written agreement entered into under this paragraph, be required to obtain a certification from a State under Federal law to carry out the project, such certification shall still be required if a written agreement is entered into with respect to the project under this para-graph.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of reimbursement, appropria-tions are provided by Congress for such pur-pose.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘flood damage reduction’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘water resources development’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for a discrete segment of a’’ and inserting ‘‘for car-rying out a discrete segment of a federally au-thorized’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘to be carried out’’ after ‘‘project’’. 
SEC. 123. ADVANCED FUNDS FOR WATER RE-SOURCES DEVELOPMENT STUDIES AND PROJECTS. 
(a) C ONTRIBUTIONS BY STATES AND POLITICAL  S
UBDIVISIONS FOR IMMEDIATE USE ON AUTHOR -
IZED FLOOD -CONTROL WORK; REPAYMENT .—The Act of October 15, 1940 (54 Stat. 1176; 33 U.S.C. 701h–1) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘a flood-control project duly adopted and authorized by law’’ and inserting ‘‘a federally authorized water resources develop-ment project,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘such work’’ and inserting ‘‘such project’’; (3) by striking ‘‘from appropriations which may be provided by Congress for flood-control work’’ and inserting ‘‘if appropriations are pro-vided by Congress for such purpose’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this Act, the term ‘State’ means the several States, the District of Columbia, the commonwealths, territories, and possessions of the United States, and Indian tribes (as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(e))).’’. (b) N
OADVERSE EFFECT ON PROCESSES .—In implementing any provision of law that author-izes a non-Federal interest to provide, advance, or contribute funds to the Secretary for the de-velopment or implementation of a water re-sources development project (including sections 203 and 204 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231, 2232), section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (33 U.S.C. 701h), and the Act of October 15, 1940 (33 U.S.C. 701h–1)), the Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that the use by a non-Federal inter-est of such authorities does not adversely af-fect— (1) the process or timeline for development and implementation of other water resources devel-opment projects by other non-Federal entities that do not use such authorities; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.015 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4808 June 6, 2018 
(2) the process for including such projects in the President’s annual budget submission to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. (c) A
DVANCES BY PRIVATE PARTIES ; REPAY-
MENT .—Section 11 of the Act of March 3, 1925 (Chapter 467; 33 U.S.C. 561) is repealed. 
SEC. 124. FUNDING TO PROCESS PERMITS. 
Section 214(a) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2352(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘12 years’’; and (2) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking ‘‘4 years after the date of en-actment of this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2022’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘carry out a study’’ and in-serting ‘‘carry out a followup study’’. 
SEC. 125. STUDY ON ECONOMIC AND BUDGETARY ANALYSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to— (1) carry out a study on the economic prin-ciples and analytical methodologies currently used by or applied to the Corps of Engineers to formulate, evaluate, and budget for water re-sources development projects; and (2) make recommendations to Congress on po-tential changes to such principles and meth-odologies to improve transparency, return on Federal investment, cost savings, and prioritization, in the formulation, evaluation, and budgeting of such projects. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The study under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the current economic prin-ciples and analytical methodologies used by or applied to the Corps of Engineers in determining the total benefits and total costs during the for-mulation of, and plan selection for, a water re-sources development project; (2) an analysis of improvements or alter-natives to how the Corps of Engineers utilizes the National Economic Development, Regional Economic Development, Environmental Quality, and Other Social Effects accounts developed by the Institute for Water Resources of the Corps of Engineers in the formulation of, and plan selec-tion for, such projects; (3) an analysis of whether such principles and methodologies fully account for all of the poten-tial benefits of project alternatives, including any reasonably associated benefits of such alter-natives that are not contrary to law, Federal policy, or sound water resources management; (4) an analysis of whether such principles and methodologies fully account for all of the costs of project alternatives, including potential soci-etal costs, such as lost ecosystem services, and full lifecycle costs for such alternatives; and (5) an analysis of the methodologies utilized by the Federal Government in setting and ap-plying discount rates for benefit-cost analyses used in the formulation, evaluation, and budg-eting of Corps of Engineers water resources de-velopment projects. (c) P
UBLICATION .—The agreement entered into under subsection (a) shall require the National Academy of Sciences to, not later than 30 days after the completion of the study— (1) submit a report containing the results of the study and the recommendations to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; and (2) make a copy of such report available on a publicly accessible website. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON BUDGETARY EVAL-
UATION METRICS AND TRANSPARENCY .—It is the sense of Congress that the President, in the for-mulation of the annual budget request for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Civil Works), should submit to Congress a budget that— (1) aligns the assessment of the potential ben-efit-cost ratio for budgeting water resources de-velopment projects with that used by the Corps of Engineers during project plan formulation and evaluation pursuant to section 80 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–17); and (2) demonstrates the transparent criteria and metrics utilized by the President in the evalua-tion and selection of water resources develop-ment projects included in the budget request. SEC. 126. STUDY OF CORROSION MANAGEMENT AT CORPS OF ENGINEERS PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a study of corrosion man-agement efforts at projects and properties under the control of the Corps of Engineers. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The study under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of— (A) asset management protocols that are uti-lized by the Corps of Engineers, including proto-cols that examine both asset integrity and the integration of corrosion management efforts within the asset lifecycle, which includes the stages of design, manufacturing and construc-tion, operation and maintenance, and decom-missioning; (B) available corrosion prevention tech-nologies that may be used at projects and prop-erties under the control of the Corps of Engi-neers; (C) corrosion-related asset failures and the management protocols of the Corps of Engineers to incorporate lessons learned from such failures into work and management practices; (D) training of Corps of Engineers employees with respect to, and best practices for, identi-fying and preventing corrosion at projects and properties under the control of the Corps of En-gineers; and (E) the estimated costs and anticipated bene-fits, including safety benefits, associated with the integration of corrosion management efforts within the asset lifecycle; and (2) a description of Corps of Engineers, stake-holder, and expert perspectives on the effective-ness of corrosion management efforts to reduce the incidence of corrosion at projects and prop-erties under the control of the Corps of Engi-neers. 
SEC. 127. COSTS IN EXCESS OF FEDERAL PARTICI-PATION LIMIT. 
Section 14 of the Flood Control Act of 1946 (33 U.S.C. 701r) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and if such amount is not sufficient to cover the costs included in the Federal cost share for a project, as determined by the Secretary, the non-Federal interest shall be responsible for any such costs that exceed such amount’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 128. REPORT ON INNOVATIVE MATERIALS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes activities con-ducted by the Corps of Engineers at centers of expertise, technology centers, technical centers, research and development centers, and similar facilities and organizations relating to the test-ing, research, development, identification, and recommended uses for innovative materials in water resources development projects. 
SEC. 129. STUDY ON CORPS OF ENGINEERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port that— (1) describes the capacity and preparedness of the Corps of Engineers workforce, including challenges related to diversity, recruitment, re-tention, retirements, credentialing, professional development, on-the-job training, and other readiness-related gaps in ensuring a fully pre-pared 21st century Corps of Engineers work-force; and (2) contains an assessment of the existing technology used by the Corps of Engineers, the effects of inefficiencies in the Corps’ current technology usage, and recommendations for im-proved technology or tools to accomplish its mis-sions and responsibilities. SEC. 130. GAO STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a study of the consideration by the Corps of Engineers of natural features and nature-based features in the study of the feasibility of projects for flood risk management, hurricane and storm damage reduction, and ecosystem restoration. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The study under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of guidance or instructions issued, and other measures taken, by the Sec-retary and the Chief of Engineers to consider natural features and nature-based features in project feasibility studies; (2) an assessment of the costs, benefits, im-pacts, and trade-offs associated with natural features and nature-based features rec-ommended by the Secretary for flood risk reduc-tion, hurricane and storm damage reduction, and ecosystem restoration projects, and the ef-fectiveness of those natural features and na-ture-based features; (3) a description of any statutory, fiscal, regu-latory, or other policy barriers to the appro-priate consideration and use of a full array of natural features and nature-based features; and (4) any recommendations for changes to statu-tory, fiscal, regulatory, or other policies to im-prove the use of natural features and nature- based features by the Corps of Engineers. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘natural feature’’ and ‘‘nature-based feature’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 1184 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (33 U.S.C. 2289a). 
SEC. 131. GAO REPORT ON ALASKA NATIVE VIL-LAGE RELOCATION EFFORTS DUE TO FLOODING AND EROSION THREATS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ALASKA NATIVE VILLAGE .— In this section, the term ‘‘Alaska Native village’’ means a Native village that has a Village Cor-poration (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)). (b) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on efforts to relocate Alaska Native villages due to flooding and erosion threats that updates the report of the Comptroller General entitled ‘‘Alaska Native Villages: Limited Progress Has Been Made on Relocating Villages Threatened by Flooding and Erosion’’, dated June 2009. (c) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report under subsection (b) shall include— (1) a summary of flooding and erosion threats to Alaska Native villages throughout the State of Alaska, based on information from— (A) the Corps of Engineers; (B) the Denali Commission; and (C) any other relevant sources of information as the Comptroller General determines to be ap-propriate; (2) the status of efforts to relocate Alaska Na-tive villages due to flooding and erosion threats; and (3) any other issues relating to flooding and erosion threats to, or relocation of, Alaska Na-tive villages, as the Comptroller General deter-mines to be appropriate. 
SEC. 132. STUDY AND REPORT ON EXPEDITING CERTAIN WAIVER PROCESSES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.015 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4809 June 6, 2018 
and submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report based on the results of a study on the best options avail-able to the Secretary to implement the waiver process for the non-Federal cost share under section 116 of the Energy and Water Develop-ment and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–85; 123 Stat. 2851). 
SEC. 133. CORPS OF ENGINEERS CONTINUING AU-THORITIES PROGRAM. 
Section 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960 (33 U.S.C. 577) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$62,500,000’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$12,500,000’’. 
SEC. 134. CREDIT IN LIEU OF REIMBURSEMENT. 
Section 1022 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2225) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1022. CREDIT IN LIEU OF REIMBURSEMENT. 
‘‘(a) R EQUESTS FOR CREDITS .—With respect to an authorized flood damage reduction project, or separable element thereof, that has been con-structed by a non-Federal interest under section 211 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13), or an authorized coast-al navigation project that has been constructed by the Corps of Engineers pursuant to section 11 of the Act of March 3, 1925, before the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2018, the Secretary may provide to the non-Federal interest, at the request of the non- Federal interest, a credit in an amount equal to the estimated Federal share of the cost of the project or separable element, in lieu of providing to the non-Federal interest a reimbursement in that amount. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION OF CREDITS .—At the request of the non-Federal interest, the Secretary may apply such credit to the share of the cost of the non-Federal interest of carrying out other flood damage reduction and coastal navigation projects or studies.’’. 
SEC. 135. LAKE OKEECHOBEE REGULATION SCHEDULE REVIEW. 
The Secretary, acting through the Chief of Engineers, shall expedite completion of the Lake Okeechobee regulation schedule to coincide with the completion of the Herbert Hoover Dike project, and may consider all relevant aspects of the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan described in section 601 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2680). 
SEC. 136. MISSOURI RIVER. 
(a) IRC R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate a report regarding the impacts of interception-rearing complex construction on the navigation, flood control, and other authorized purposes set forth in the Missouri River Master Manual, and on the population recovery of the pallid sturgeon. (b) N
OADDITIONAL IRC C ONSTRUCTION .— Until the report under subsection (a) is sub-mitted, no additional interception-rearing com-plex construction is authorized. 
SEC. 137. ACCESS TO REAL ESTATE DATA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as is practicable, using available funds, the Secretary shall make publicly available, including on a publicly ac-cessible website, information relating to all real property with respect to which the Corps of En-gineers holds an interest. The information shall include standardized real estate plat descrip-tions and geospatial information. (b) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to compel or authorize the disclo-sure of data or other information determined by the Secretary to be confidential, privileged, na-tional security, or personal information, or in-formation the disclosure of which is otherwise prohibited by law. SEC. 138. AQUATIC INVASIVE SPECIES RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As part of the ongoing ac-tivities of the Engineer Research and Develop-ment Center to address the spread and impacts of aquatic invasive species, the Secretary shall undertake research on the management and eradication of aquatic invasive species, includ-ing Asian carp and zebra mussels. (b) L
OCATIONS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall work with Corps of En-gineers district offices representing diverse geo-graphical regions of the continental United States that are impacted by aquatic invasive species, such as the Atlantic, Pacific, and Gulf coasts and the Great Lakes. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report recom-mending a plan to address the spread and im-pacts of aquatic invasive species. 
SEC. 139. HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Engineer Research and Develop-ment Center of the Chief of Engineers, shall im-plement a 5-year harmful algal bloom tech-nology development demonstration under the Aquatic Nuisance Research Program. To the ex-tent practicable, the Corps of Engineers shall support research that will identify and develop improved strategies for early detection, preven-tion, and management techniques and proce-dures to reduce the occurrence and effects of harmful algal blooms in the Nation’s water re-sources. (b) S
CALABILITY REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that technologies identified, tested, and deployed under the harmful algal bloom program technology development dem-onstration have the ability to scale up to meet the needs of harmful-algal-bloom-related events. 
SEC. 140. BUBBLY CREEK, CHICAGO ECOSYSTEM RESTORATION. 
The Secretary shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to facilitate ecosystem restoration activities at the South Fork of the South Branch of the Chicago River (commonly known as Bubbly Creek). 
SEC. 141. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OF NAVIGATION AND HYDROELECTRIC FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 314 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2321) is amended— (1) in the heading by inserting ‘‘
NAVIGATION  
AND’’ before ‘‘ HYDROELECTRIC FACILITIES ’’; (2) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Activities currently performed’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Activities currently per-formed’’; (3) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-graph (2)), by inserting ‘‘navigation or’’ before ‘‘hydroelectric’’; (4) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘This section’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) M
AJOR MAINTENANCE CONTRACTS AL-
LOWED .—This section’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) E
XCLUSION .—This section does not— ‘‘(1) apply to a navigation facility that was under contract on or before the date of enact-ment of this subsection with a non-Federal in-terest to perform operations or maintenance; and ‘‘(2) prohibit the Secretary from contracting out commercial activities after the date of enact-ment of this subsection at a navigation facil-ity.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents contained in section 1(b) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1990 (104 Stat. 4604) is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 314 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 314. Operation and maintenance of navi-gation and hydroelectric facili-ties.’’. SEC. 142. HURRICANE AND STORM DAMAGE RE-DUCTION. 
Section 156 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5f) is amended in subsection (b)— (1) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) T
IMING .—The 15 additional years under paragraph (1) shall begin on the date of initi-ation of construction of congressionally author-ized nourishment.’’. 
SEC. 143. POST-DISASTER WATERSHED ASSESS-MENTS IN THE TERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 3025 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2267b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) A
SSESSMENTS IN THE TERRITORIES OF THE  U
NITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any major disaster de-clared in the territories of the United States be-fore the date of enactment of this subsection, all activities in the territory carried out or under-taken pursuant to the authorities described under this section shall be conducted at full Federal expense unless the President determines that the territory has the ability to pay the cost share for an assessment under this section with-out the use of non-Federal funds or loans. ‘‘(2) T
ERRITORIES DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘territories of the United States’ means those insular areas specified in section 1156(a)(1) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2310(a)(1)).’’. TITLE II—STUDIES 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF PROPOSED FEASI-BILITY STUDIES. 
The Secretary is authorized to conduct a fea-sibility study for the following projects for water resources development and conservation and other purposes, as identified in the reports titled ‘‘Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development’’ submitted to Congress on March 17, 2017, and February 5, 2018, respectively, pur-suant to section 7001 of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d) or otherwise reviewed by Congress: (1) C
AVE BUTTES DAM , ARIZONA .—Project for flood risk management, Phoenix, Arizona. (2) S
AN DIEGO RIVER , CALIFORNIA .—Project for flood risk management, navigation, and eco-system restoration, San Diego, California. (3) J. 
BENNETT JOHNSTON WATERWAY , LOU-
ISIANA .—Project for navigation, J. Bennett Johnston Waterway, Louisiana. (4) N
ORTHSHORE , LOUISIANA .—Project for flood risk management, St. Tammany Parish, Lou-isiana. (5) O
UACHITA -BLACK RIVERS , LOUISIANA .— Project for navigation, Little River, Louisiana. (6) C
HAUTAUQUA LAKE , NEW YORK .—Project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk manage-ment, Chautauqua, New York. (7) T
RINITY RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES , TEXAS .— Project for navigation, Liberty, Texas. (8) W
EST CELL LEVEE , TEXAS .—Project for flood risk management, Irving, Texas. (9) C
OASTAL VIRGINIA , VIRGINIA .—Project for flood risk management, ecosystem restoration, and navigation, Coastal Virginia. (10) T
ANGIER ISLAND , VIRGINIA .—Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restora-tion, Tangier Island, Virginia. 
SEC. 202. ADDITIONAL STUDIES. 
(a) L OWER MISSISSIPPI RIVER; MISSOURI , KEN-
TUCKY , TENNESSEE , ARKANSAS , MISSISSIPPI , AND L
OUISIANA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to carry out studies to determine the feasibility 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.015 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4810 June 6, 2018 
of habitat restoration for each of the eight reaches identified as priorities in the report pre-pared by the Secretary pursuant to section 402 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000, titled ‘‘Lower Mississippi River Resource Assess-ment; Final Assessment In Response to Section 402 of WRDA 2000’’ and dated July 2015. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall con-sult with the Lower Mississippi River Conserva-tion Committee during each feasibility study carried out under paragraph (1). (b) S
T. LOUIS RIVERFRONT , MERAMEC RIVER B
ASIN, MISSOURI AND ILLINOIS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to carry out studies to determine the feasibility of a project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management in Madison, St. Clair, and Monroe Counties, Illinois, St. Louis City, and St. Louis, Jefferson, Franklin, Gasconade, Maries, Phelps, Crawford, Dent, Washington, Iron, St. Francois, St. Genevieve, Osage, Rey-nolds, and Texas Counties, Missouri. (2) C
ONTINUATION OF EXISTING STUDY .—Any study carried out under paragraph (1) shall be considered a continuation of the study being carried out under Committee Resolution 2642 of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, adopted June 21, 2000. 
SEC. 203. EXPEDITED COMPLETION OF REPORTS FOR CERTAIN PROJECTS. 
(a) F EASIBILITY REPORTS .—The Secretary shall expedite the completion of a feasibility study for each of the following projects, and if the Secretary determines that the project is jus-tified in a completed report, may proceed di-rectly to preconstruction planning, engineering, and design of the project: (1) Project for riverbank stabilization, Selma, Alabama. (2) Project for ecosystem restoration, Three Mile Creek, Alabama. (3) Project for navigation, Nome, Alaska. (4) Project for flood diversion, Seward, Alas-ka. (5) Project for navigation, Three Rivers, Ar-kansas. (6) Project for flood control, water conserva-tion, and related purposes, Coyote Valley Dam, California. (7) Project for flood risk management, Lower Cache Creek, California. (8) Project for flood risk management, Lower San Joaquin River, California, as described in section 1322(b)(2)(F) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1707) (second phase of feasibility study). (9) Project for flood risk management, South San Francisco, California. (10) Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Tijuana River, Cali-fornia. (11) Project for flood risk management in East Hartford, Connecticut. (12) Project for flood risk management in Hartford, Connecticut. (13) Projects under the Comprehensive Flood Mitigation Study for the Delaware River Basin. (14) Project for ecosystem restoration, Lake Apopka, Florida. (15) Project for ecosystem restoration, Kansas River Weir, Kansas. (16) Project for water resource improvements, Willamette River Basin, Fern Ridge, Oregon. (17) Project for ecosystem restoration, Resacas at Brownsville, Texas. (18) Project for navigation, Norfolk Harbor, Virginia. (19) Project for coastal storm risk manage-ment, Norfolk, Virginia. (20) Project for navigation, Tacoma Harbor, Washington. (b) L
OWER SANJOAQUIN RIVER, CALIFORNIA .— In expediting completion of the second phase of the Lower San Joaquin River feasibility study under subsection (a)(8), the Secretary shall re-view and give priority to any plans and designs requested by non-Federal interests and incor-porate such plans and designs into the Federal study if the Secretary determines that such plans and designs are consistent with Federal standards. (c) POST-AUTHORIZATION CHANGE REPORTS .— The Secretary shall expedite completion of a post-authorization change report for the fol-lowing projects: (1) Project for flood risk management, San Luis Rey River Flood Control Protection Project, California. (2) Project for flood risk management, Success Reservoir Enlargement Project, California. (3) Everglades Agricultural Area Reservoir, Central Everglades Planning Project, Florida. (4) Project for navigation, Sault Sainte Marie, Michigan. (d) U
PPER MISSISSIPPI RIVER PROTECTION .— Section 2010 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1270) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out a dis-position study with respect to the Upper St. An-thony Falls Lock and Dam, including a disposi-tion study under section 216 of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a), the Secretary may not complete such study until the Secretary considers, and issues a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate on— ‘‘(1) the feasibility of carrying out modifica-tions to the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam to— ‘‘(A) preserve and enhance recreational op-portunities and the health of the ecosystem; and ‘‘(B) maintain the benefits to the natural eco-system and human environment; and ‘‘(2) the preservation of any portion of the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam nec-essary to maintain flood control.’’. TITLE III—DEAUTHORIZATIONS, MODI-FICATIONS, AND RELATED PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. DEAUTHORIZATION OF INACTIVE PROJECTS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to identify $3,000,000,000 in water resources development projects authorized by Congress that are no longer viable for construction due to— (A) a lack of local support; (B) a lack of available Federal or non-Federal resources; or (C) an authorizing purpose that is no longer relevant or feasible; (2) to create an expedited and definitive proc-ess for Congress to deauthorize water resources development projects that are no longer viable for construction; and (3) to allow the continued authorization of water resources development projects that are viable for construction. (b) I
NTERIM DEAUTHORIZATION LIST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop an interim deauthorization list that identifies— (A) each water resources development project, or separable element of a project, authorized for construction before November 8, 2007, for which— (i) planning, design, or construction was not initiated before the date of enactment of this Act; or (ii) planning, design, or construction was ini-tiated before the date of enactment of this Act, but for which no funds, Federal or non-Federal, were obligated for planning, design, or construc-tion of the project or separable element of the project during the current fiscal year or any of the 6 preceding fiscal years; (B) each project or separable element identi-fied and included on a list to Congress for de-authorization pursuant to section 1001(b)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a(b)(2)); and (C) any project or separable element for which the non-Federal sponsor of such project or sepa-rable element submits a request for inclusion on the list. (2) PUBLIC COMMENT AND CONSULTATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall solicit comments from the public and the Governors of each applicable State on the interim deauthor-ization list developed under paragraph (1). (B) C
OMMENT PERIOD .—The public comment period shall be 90 days. (3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS ; PUBLICATION .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the close of the comment period under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— (A) submit a revised interim deauthorization list to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and (B) publish the revised interim deauthoriza-tion list in the Federal Register. (c) F
INAL DEAUTHORIZATION LIST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop a final deauthorization list of water resources development projects, or separable elements of projects, from the revised interim deauthoriza-tion list described in subsection (b)(3). (2) D
EAUTHORIZATION AMOUNT .— (A) P
ROPOSED FINAL LIST .—The Secretary shall prepare a proposed final deauthorization list of projects and separable elements of projects that have, in the aggregate, an esti-mated Federal cost to complete that is at least $3,000,000,000. (B) D
ETERMINATION OF FEDERAL COST TO COM -
PLETE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the Federal cost to complete shall take into account any allowances authorized by section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2280), as applied to the most recent project schedule and cost estimate. (3) I
DENTIFICATION OF PROJECTS .— (A) S
EQUENCING OF PROJECTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall identify projects and separable elements of projects for inclusion on the proposed final deauthorization list according to the order in which the projects and separable elements of the projects were au-thorized, beginning with the earliest authorized projects and separable elements of projects and ending with the latest project or separable ele-ment of a project necessary to meet the aggre-gate amount under paragraph (2)(A). (ii) F
ACTORS TO CONSIDER .—The Secretary may identify projects and separable elements of projects in an order other than that established by clause (i) if the Secretary determines, on a case-by-case basis, that a project or separable element of a project is critical for interests of the United States, based on the possible impact of the project or separable element of the project on public health and safety, the national econ-omy, or the environment. (iii) C
ONSIDERATION OF PUBLIC COMMENTS .—In making determinations under clause (ii), the Secretary shall consider any comments received under subsection (b)(2). (B) A
PPENDIX .—The Secretary shall include as part of the proposed final deauthorization list an appendix that— (i) identifies each project or separable element of a project on the interim deauthorization list developed under subsection (b) that is not in-cluded on the proposed final deauthorization list; and (ii) describes the reasons why the project or separable element is not included on the pro-posed final list. (4) P
UBLIC COMMENT AND CONSULTATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall solicit comments from the public and the Governor of each applicable State on the proposed final de-authorization list and appendix developed under paragraphs (2) and (3). (B) C
OMMENT PERIOD .—The public comment period shall be 90 days. (5) S
UBMISSION OF FINAL LIST TO CONGRESS ; 
PUBLICATION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the close of the comment period under paragraph (4), the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.015 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4811 June 6, 2018 
(A) submit a final deauthorization list and an appendix to the final deauthorization list in a report to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and (B) publish the final deauthorization list and the appendix to the final deauthorization list in the Federal Register. (d) D
EAUTHORIZATION ; CONGRESSIONAL RE-
VIEW.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After the expiration of the 180-day period beginning on the date of submis-sion of the final deauthorization list and appen-dix under subsection (c), a project or separable element of a project identified in the final de-authorization list is hereby deauthorized, unless Congress passes a joint resolution disapproving the final deauthorization list prior to the end of such period. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL CONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A project or separable ele-ment of a project identified in the final de-authorization list under subsection (c) shall not be deauthorized under this subsection if, before the expiration of the 180-day period referred to in paragraph (1), the non-Federal interest for the project or separable element of the project provides sufficient funds to complete the project or separable element of the project. (B) T
REATMENT OF PROJECTS .—Notwith- standing subparagraph (A), each project and separable element of a project identified in the final deauthorization list shall be treated as de-authorized for purposes of the aggregate de-authorization amount specified in subsection (c)(2)(A). (3) P
ROJECTS IDENTIFIED IN APPENDIX .—A project or separable element of a project identi-fied in the appendix to the final deauthorization list shall remain subject to future deauthoriza-tion by Congress. (e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PROJECTS RECEIVING  F
UNDS FOR POST-AUTHORIZATION STUDY .—A project or separable element of a project may not be identified on the interim deauthorization list developed under subsection (b), or the final de-authorization list developed under subsection (c), if the project or separable element received funding for a post-authorization study during the current fiscal year or any of the 6 preceding fiscal years. (f) G
ENERAL PROVISIONS .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (A) P
OST-AUTHORIZATION STUDY .—The term ‘‘post-authorization study’’ means— (i) a feasibility report developed under section 905 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2282); (ii) a feasibility study, as defined in section 105(d) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2215(d)); or (iii) a review conducted under section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a), including an initial appraisal that— (I) demonstrates a Federal interest; and (II) requires additional analysis for the project or separable element. (B) W
ATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘water resources develop-ment project’’ includes an environmental infra-structure assistance project or program of the Corps of Engineers. (2) T
REATMENT OF PROJECT MODIFICATIONS .— For purposes of this section, if an authorized water resources development project or sepa-rable element of the project has been modified by an Act of Congress, the date of the author-ization of the project or separable element shall be deemed to be the date of the most recent modification. 
SEC. 302. BACKLOG PREVENTION. 
(a) P ROJECT DEAUTHORIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A water resources develop-ment project, or separable element of such a project, authorized for construction by this Act shall not be authorized after the last day of the 10-year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act unless— (A) funds have been obligated for construction of, or a post-authorization study for, such project or separable element during that period; or (B) the authorization contained in this Act has been modified by a subsequent Act of Con-gress. (2) IDENTIFICATION OF PROJECTS .—Not later than 60 days after the expiration of the 10-year period referred to in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a re-port that identifies the projects deauthorized under paragraph (1). (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the expiration of the 12-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure of the House of Representatives, and make available to the public, a report that contains— (1) a list of any water resources development projects authorized by this Act for which con-struction has not been completed during that period; (2) a description of the reasons the projects were not completed; (3) a schedule for the completion of the projects based on expected levels of appropria-tions; and (4) a 5-year and 10-year projection of con-struction backlog and any recommendations to Congress regarding how to mitigate current problems and the backlog. (c) C
LARIFICATION .—Section 6003(a) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 579c(a)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘7-year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘10-year’’. 
SEC. 303. PROJECT MODIFICATIONS. 
(a) C ONSISTENCY WITHREPORTS .—Congress finds that the project modifications described in this section are in accordance with the reports submitted to Congress by the Secretary under section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d), titled ‘‘Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development’’, or have otherwise been reviewed by Congress. (b) M
ODIFICATIONS .— (1) H
ARBOR /SOUTH BAY , CALIFORNIA .—Section 219(f)(43) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (113 Stat. 337; 114 Stat. 2763A–220) is amended by striking ‘‘$35,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$70,000,000’’. (2) L
AKES MARION AND MOULTRIE , SOUTH  
CAROLINA .—Section 219(f)(25) of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1992 (113 Stat. 336; 114 Stat. 2763A–220; 117 Stat. 1838; 130 Stat. 1677) is amended by striking ‘‘$60,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$89,550,000’’. 
SEC. 304. MILWAUKEE HARBOR, MILWAUKEE, WIS-CONSIN. 
The portion of the project for navigation, Mil-waukee Harbor, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, author-ized by the first section of the Act of March 3, 1843 (5 Stat. 619; chapter 85), consisting of the navigation channel within the Menomonee River that extends from the 16th Street Bridge upstream to the upper limit of the authorized navigation channel and described as follows is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act: (1) Beginning at a point in the channel just downstream of the 16th Street Bridge, N383219.703, E2521152.527. (2) Thence running westerly along the chan-nel about 2,530.2 feet to a point, N383161.314, E2518620.712. (3) Thence running westerly by southwesterly along the channel about 591.7 feet to a point at the upstream limit of the existing project, N383080.126, E2518036.371. (4) Thence running northerly along the up-stream limit of the existing project about 80.5 feet to a point, N383159.359, E2518025.363. (5) Thence running easterly by northeasterly along the channel about 551.2 feet to a point, N383235.185, E2518571.108. (6) Thence running easterly along the channel about 2,578.9 feet to a point, N383294.677, E2521150.798. (7) Thence running southerly across the chan-nel about 74.3 feet to the point of origin. SEC. 305. BRIDGEPORT HARBOR, CONNECTICUT. 
That portion of the project for navigation, Bridgeport Harbor, Connecticut, authorized by the Act of June 18, 1878 (20 Stat. 158), and modi-fied by the Act of August 11, 1888 (25 Stat. 401), the Act of March 3, 1899 (30 Stat. 1122), the Act of June 25, 1910 (36 Stat. 633), and the Act of July 3, 1930 (46 Stat. 919), and lying upstream of a line commencing at point N627942.09, E879709.18 thence running southwesterly about 125 feet to a point N627832.03, E879649.91 is no longer authorized beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 306. CONVEYANCES. 
(a) C HEATHAM COUNTY , TENNESSEE .— (1) C
ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may convey to Cheatham County, Tennessee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Grantee’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the real property in Cheatham County, Tennessee, consisting of approximately 9.19 acres, identified as portions of tracts E–514–1, E– 514–2, E–518–1, E–518–2, E–519–1, E–537–1, and E–538, all being part of the Cheatham Lock and Dam project at CRM 158.5, including any im-provements thereon. (2) D
EED.—The conveyance of property under this subsection shall be accomplished using a quitclaim deed and upon such terms and condi-tions as the Secretary determines appropriate to protect the interests of the United States, to in-clude retaining the right to inundate with water any land transferred under this subsection. (3) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Grantee shall pay to the Secretary an amount that is not less than the fair market value of the land conveyed under this subsection, as determined by the Sec-retary. (4) S
UBJECT TO EXISTING EASEMENTS AND  
OTHER INTERESTS .—The conveyance of property under this section shall be subject to all existing easements, rights-of-way, and leases that are in effect as of the date of the conveyance. (b) N
ASHVILLE , TENNESSEE .— (1) C
ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may convey, without consideration, to the City of Nashville, Tennessee (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘City’’), all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to the real property covered by Lease No. DACW62–1–84– 149, including any improvements thereon, at the Riverfront Park Recreational Development, con-sisting of approximately 5 acres, subject to the right of the Secretary to retain any required easements in the property. (2) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—A quit claim deed shall be used to convey real property under this subsection upon the terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the City. The deed shall provide that in the event the City, its successors, or assigns cease to main-tain improvements for recreation included in the conveyance or otherwise utilize the real prop-erty conveyed for purposes other than recre-ation and compatible flood risk management, the City, its successor, or assign shall repay to the United States the Federal share of the cost of constructing the improvements for recreation under the agreement between the United States and the City dated December 8, 1981, increased as necessary to account for inflation. (c) G
ENERALLY APPLICABLE PROVISIONS .— (1) S
URVEY TO OBTAIN LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— The exact acreage and the legal description of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:04 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.015 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4812 June 6, 2018 
any real property to be conveyed under this sec-tion shall be determined by a survey that is sat-isfactory to the Secretary. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROPERTY SCREENING  
PROVISIONS .—Section 2696 of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply to any conveyance under this section. (3) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require that any conveyance under this section be subject to such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers necessary and appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. (4) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—An entity to which a conveyance is made under this section shall be responsible for all reasonable and nec-essary costs, including real estate transaction and environmental documentation costs, associ-ated with the conveyance. (5) L
IABILITY .—An entity to which a convey-ance is made under this section shall hold the United States harmless from any liability with respect to activities carried out, on or after the date of the conveyance, on real property con-veyed. The United States shall remain respon-sible for any liability with respect to activities carried out, before such date, on the real prop-erty conveyed. 
SEC. 307. CLATSOP COUNTY, OREGON. 
The portions of the project for raising and im-proving existing levees of Clatsop County Diking District No. 13, in Clatsop County, Oregon, au-thorized by section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (49 Stat. 1590), that are referred to as Christensen No. 1 Dike No. 42 and Christensen No. 2 Levee No. 43 are no longer authorized be-ginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 308. KISSIMMEE RIVER RESTORATION, CEN-TRAL AND SOUTHERN FLORIDA. 
Subject to a determination by the Secretary that the costs are reasonable and allowable and that the work for which credit is requested was carried out in accordance with the laws speci-fied in section 5014(i)(2)(A) of the Water Re-sources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1331) and all other applicable Federal laws, the Secretary may credit toward the non- Federal share of the cost of the Kissimmee River project, authorized in section 101(8) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (106 Stat. 4802), the value of in-kind contributions made by the non-Federal interest with respect to the six following actions, as described in the final report of the Director of Civil Works on the Cen-tral and Southern Florida Project, Kissimmee River Restoration Project, dated April 27, 2018: (1) Shady Oaks Fish Camp land preparation. (2) Rocks Fish Camp land preparation. (3) Levee breaching of Sparks Candler and Bronson Levees. (4) Packingham Slough construction related to land acquisition. (5) Engineering analysis of River Acres engi-neering solution. (6) Small local levee modifications. SEC. 309. LYTLE AND CAJON CREEKS, CALI-FORNIA. 
That portion of the channel improvement project, Lytle and Cajon Creeks, California, au-thorized to be carried out as a part of the project for the Santa Ana River Basin, Cali-fornia, by the Act of December 22, 1944 (Chapter 665; 58 Stat. 900) that consists of five earth-filled groins commonly referred to as ‘‘the Riverside Avenue groins’’ is no longer authorized as a Federal project beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 310. YUBA RIVER BASIN, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The project for flood dam-age reduction, Yuba River Basin, California, authorized by section 101(a)(10) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (113 Stat. 275) is modified to allow a non-Federal interest to construct a new levee to connect the existing levee with high ground. (b) PROJECT DESCRIPTION .—The levee to be constructed shall tie into the existing levee at a point Northing 2186189.2438, Easting 6703908.8657, thence running east and south along a path to be determined to a point Northing 2187849.4328, Easting 6719262.0164. (c) C
OOPERATION AGREEMENT .—The Secretary shall execute a conforming amendment to the Memorandum of Understanding Respecting the Sacramento River Flood Control Project with the State of California dated November 30, 1953, that is limited to changing the description of the project to reflect the modification. (d) N
OFEDERAL COST.— (1) R
EVIEW COSTS .—Before construction of the levee described in subsection (b), the Secretary may accept and expend funds received from a non-Federal interest to review the planning, en-gineering, and design of the levee described in subsection (b) to ensure that such planning, en-gineering, and design complies with Federal standards. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Federal share of the cost of constructing the levee shall be 100 percent. TITLE IV—WATER RESOURCES INFRASTRUCTURE 
SEC. 401. PROJECT AUTHORIZATIONS. 
The following projects for water resources de-velopment and conservation and other purposes, as identified in the reports titled ‘‘Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Develop-ment’’ submitted to Congress on March 17, 2017, and February 5, 2018, respectively, pursuant to section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d) or otherwise reviewed by Congress are authorized to be carried out by the Secretary substantially in accordance with the plans, and subject to the conditions, described in the respective reports or decision documents designated in this section: (1) N
AVIGATION .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. TX Galveston Harbor Channel Extension Project, Houston-Galveston Naviga-tion Channels Aug. 8, 2017 Federal: $10,046,000 Non-Federal: $3,349,000 Total: $13,395,000 
(2) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. NY Mamaroneck-Sheldrake Rivers Dec. 14, 2017 Federal: $53,500,000 Non-Federal: $28,750,000 Total: $82,250,000 
2. HI Ala Wai Canal Dec. 21, 2017 Federal: $198,962,000; Non-Federal: $107,133,000 Total: $306,095,000 
(3) H URRICANE AND STORM DAMAGE RISK RE -
DUCTION .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Initial Costs and Estimated Renourishment Costs 
1. FL St. Johns County Aug. 8, 2017 Initial Federal: $5,712,000 Initial Non-Federal: $19,122,000 Initial Total: $24,834,000 Renourishment Federal: $9,484,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $44,099,000 Renourishment Total: $53,583,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.015 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4813 June 6, 2018 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Initial Costs and Estimated Renourishment Costs 
2. TX Sabine Pass to Galveston Bay Dec. 7, 2017 Initial Federal: $2,157,202,000 Initial Non-Federal: $1,161,570,000 Initial Total: $3,318,772,000 
3. FL St. Lucie County Dec. 15, 2017 Initial Federal: $7,097,000 Initial Non-Federal: $13,179,000 Initial Total: $20,276,000 Renourishment Federal: $8,915,000 Renourishment Non-Federal: $24,105,000 Renourishment Total: $33,020,000 
(4) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT AND ECOSYSTEM  
RESTORATION .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. NM Espan˜ola Valley, Rio Grande May 11, 2018 Federal: $40,117,000 Non-Federal: $21,601,000 Total: $61,718,000 
(5) M ODIFICATIONS AND OTHER PROJECTS .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Decision Document D. Estimated Costs 
1. GA Savannah Harbor Expansion Project Dec. 5, 2016 Federal: $677,613,600 Non-Federal: $295,829,400 Total: $973,443,000 
2. KY Kentucky River Locks and Dams - 1, 2, 3, and 4 April 20, 2018 Federal: $0 Non-Federal: $0 Total: $0 
The Acting CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, is in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Each such fur-ther amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SHUSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 23, line 12, strike ‘‘note(b)(8))’’ and in-sert ‘‘note)’’. At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 144. OLD RIVER CONTROL STRUCTURE, LOU-ISIANA. 
(a)INGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the structure and oper-ations plan for the Old River control struc-ture authorized by the Flood Control Act of 1954 (68 Stat. 1258) based on the best avail-able science, improved monitoring capabili-ties, and other factors as determined by the Secretary, including consideration of— (1) flood control; (2) navigational conditions; (3) water supply; and (4) ecosystem restoration and ecological productivity. (b)PUBLIC PARTICIPATION .—In developing the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide opportunity for pub-lic input and stakeholder engagement, in-cluding public meetings. 
SEC. 145. DREDGE PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a)INGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-ized to carry out a pilot program to award contracts with a duration of up to five years for the operation and maintenance of har-bors and inland harbors referred to in section 210(a)(2) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(a)(2)). (b)S
COPE.—In carrying out the pilot pro-gram under subsection (a), the Secretary may award a contract described in such sub-section, which may address one or more har-bors or inland harbors in a geographical re-gion, if the Secretary determines that the contract provides cost savings compared to the awarding of such work on an annual basis. (c)R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date on which the first contract is awarded pursuant to the pilot program carried out under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port evaluating, with respect to the pilot program and any contracts awarded under the pilot program— (1) cost effectiveness; (2) reliability and performance; (3) cost savings attributable to mobiliza-tion and demobilization of dredge equip-ment; and (4) response times to address navigational impediments. (d)SUNSET .—The authority of the Sec-retary to enter into contracts pursuant to the pilot program carried out under sub-section (a) shall expire on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 146. DISPOSITION OF PROJECTS. 
(a)INGENERAL .—In carrying out a disposi-tion study for a project of the Corps of Engi-neers, or a separable element of such a project, including a disposition study under section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a), the Secretary shall consider modifications that would improve the over-all quality of the environment in the public interest, including removal of the project or separable element of a project. (b)D
ISPOSITION STUDY TRANSPARENCY .—The Secretary shall carry out disposition studies described in subsection (a) in a transparent manner, including by— (1) providing opportunities for public input; and (2) publishing the final disposition studies. (c)R
EMOVAL OF INFRASTRUCTURE .—For dis- position studies described in subsection (a) in which the Secretary determines that a Federal interest no longer exists, and makes a recommendation of removal of the project or separable element of a project, the Sec-retary is authorized to pursue removal of the project or separable element of a project using— (1) existing authorities, as considered ap-propriate by the Secretary; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.015 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4814 June 6, 2018 
(2) partnerships with other Federal agen-cies and non-Federal entities with appro-priate capabilities to undertake infrastruc-ture removal. Page 52, after line 24, insert the following: (21) Project for flood damage reduction, Westminster-East Garden Grove, California. (22) Project for hurricane and storm dam-age risk reduction and ecosystem restora-tion, Southwest Coastal Louisiana, Lou-isiana, authorized by section 1401(8) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat.1715). (23) Project for navigation and channel deepening, Baptiste Collette Bayou, Lou-isiana, under section 203 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231). (24) Project for navigation and channel deepening, Houma Navigation Canal, Lou-isiana, under section 203 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231). (25) Project for navigation and channel deepening, Bayou Lafourche, Louisiana, under section 203 of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231). Strike section 308 and insert the following: 
SEC. 308. KISSIMMEE RIVER RESTORATION, CEN-TRAL AND SOUTHERN FLORIDA. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the total estimated value of in-kind con-tributions made by the non-Federal interest with respect to the following six actions, as described in the final report of the Director of Civil Works on the Central and Southern Florida Project, Kissimmee River Restora-tion Project, dated April 27, 2018: (1) Shady Oaks Fish Camp land prepara-tion. (2) Rocks Fish Camp land preparation. (3) Levee breaching of Sparks Candler and Bronson Levees. (4) Packingham Slough construction re-lated to land acquisition. (5) Engineering analysis of River Acres en-gineering solution. (6) Small local levee modifications. At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 311. BOSTON HARBOR RESERVED CHANNEL DEAUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a)40- FOOT RESERVED CHANNEL .— (1)I
N GENERAL .—The portions of the project for navigation, Boston Harbor, Massachu-setts, authorized by the first section of the Act of October 17, 1940 (54 Stat. 1198, chapter 895) and modified by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1958 (72 Stat. 297), section 101(a)(13) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1990 (104 Stat. 4607), and section 7002(1) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1365) de-scribed in paragraph (2) are no longer au-thorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2)A
REAS DESCRIBED .— (A)F
IRST AREA .—The first areas described in this paragraph are— (i) beginning at a point N. 2950154.45, E. 785995.64; (ii) running southwesterly about 1451.63 feet to a point N. 2950113.83, E. 784544.58; (iii) running southeasterly about 54.00 feet to a point N. 2950059.85, E. 784546.09; (iv) running southwesterly about 1335.82 feet to a point N. 2950022.48, E. 783210.79; (v) running northwesterly about 83.00 feet to a point N. 2950105.44, E. 783208.47; (vi) running northeasterly about 2787.45 feet to a point N. 2950183.44, E. 785994.83; and (vii) running southeasterly about 29.00 feet to the point described in clause (i). (B)SECOND AREA .—The second areas de-scribed in this paragraph are— (i) beginning at a point N. 2950502.86, E. 785540.84; (ii) running northeasterly about 46.11 feet to a point N2950504.16, E785586.94; (iii) running southwesterly about 25.67 feet to a point N. 2950480.84, E. 785576.18; (iv) running southwesterly to a point N. 2950414.32, E. 783199.83; (v) running northwesterly about 8.00 feet to a point N. 2950422.32, E. 783199.60; (vi) running northeasterly about 2342.58 feet to a point N. 2950487.87, E. 785541.26; and (vii) running northwesterly about 15.00 feet to the point described in clause (i). (b)35-
FOOT RESERVED CHANNEL .— (1)I
N GENERAL .—The portions of the project for navigation, Boston Harbor, Massachu-setts, authorized by the first section of the Act of October 17, 1940 (54 Stat. 1198, chapter 895) and modified by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1958 (72 Stat. 297) described in paragraph (2) are no longer authorized be-ginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2)A
REAS DESCRIBED .— (A)F
IRST AREA .—The first areas described in this paragraph are— (i) beginning at a point N. 2950143.44, E. 787532.14; (ii) running southeasterly about 22.21 feet to a point N. 2950128.91, E. 787548.93; (iii) running southwesterly about 4,339.42 feet to a point N. 2950007.48, E. 783211.21; (iv) running northwesterly about 15.00 feet to a point N. 2950022.48, E. 783210.79; and (v) running northeasterly about 4,323.05 feet to the point described in clause (i). (B)S
ECOND AREA .—The second areas de-scribed in this paragraph are— (i) beginning at a point N. 2950502.86, E. 785540.84; (ii) running southeasterly about 15.00 feet to a point N. 2950487.87, E. 785541.26; (iii) running southwesterly about 2342.58 feet to a point N. 2950422.32, E. 783199.60; (iv) running southeasterly about 8.00 feet to a point N. 2950414.32, E. 783199.83; (v) running southwesterly about 1339.12 feet to a point N. 2950376.85, E. 781861.23; (vi) running northwesterly about 23.00 feet to a point N. 2950399.84, E. 781860.59; and (vii) running northeasterly about 3681.70 feet to the point described in clause (i). 
SEC. 312. CONTINUED AUTHORIZATION OF CER-TAIN PROJECTS. 
Notwithstanding the third sentence of sec-tion 1001(b)(2) of the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a(b)(2)), projects and separable elements of projects identified in the fiscal year 2017 report pre-pared in accordance with such section and submitted to Congress on December 15, 2016, shall not be deauthorized unless such projects and separable elements meet the re-quirements of section 1301(b)(1)(A) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1687). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. The manager’s amendment we are of-fering makes technical and conforming changes to the Rules Committee Print and adds important provisions that we worked out with the minority. This amendment includes a provision that establishes a regional long-term con-tract pilot program in order to drive ef-ficiency and cost savings for our Na-tion’s dredging responsibilities. It also contains a provision that the Secretary deliver a report to Congress on the current status of the Old River control structure on the Mississippi River. This amendment corrects a provision that would have created direct spend-ing authority for certain Everglades projects. It expedites five project stud-ies for critical water resource projects. Lastly, this amendment de-authorizes a project in Boston Harbor. Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to sup-port this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I support the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I ask all Members to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HU-
STER ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, parliamen-tary inquiry. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon will state his parliamen-tary inquiry. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, wouldn’t it be in order just to move along? If peo-ple aren’t responsible enough to be here, they don’t get to offer the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. D
EFAZIO. The gentleman did not respond to my previous inquiry. There were 53 amendments offered. The Rules Committee didn’t give us en bloc authority. We need to expedite this. If people aren’t here, we need to move along. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3. The Chair will query for the next amendment. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . SHUSTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, as the des-ignee of the gentleman from Florida, I offer amendment No. 6. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.016 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4815 June 6, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 27, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 27, after line 14, insert the following (and redesignate the subsequent paragraph accordingly): (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) S
TUDIES AND ENGINEERING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—When requested by an appropriate non-Federal interest, the Sec-retary shall undertake all necessary studies, engineering, and technical assistance on con-struction for any project to be undertaken under subsection (b), and provide technical assistance in obtaining all necessary permits for the construction, if the non-Federal in-terest contracts with the Secretary to fur-nish the United States funds for the studies, engineering, or technical assistance on con-struction in the period during which the studies, engineering, or technical assistance on construction are being conducted. ‘‘(2) N
O WAIVER .—Nothing in this section may be construed to waive any requirement of section 3142 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Funds provided by non- Federal interests under this subsection shall not be eligible for credit or reimbursement under subsection (d). ‘‘(4) I
MPARTIAL DECISIONMAKING .—In car- rying out this section, the Secretary shall ensure that the use of funds accepted from a non-Federal interest will not affect the im-partial decisionmaking of the Secretary, ei-ther substantively or procedurally.’’; and 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, this amendment should help projects be ex-ecuted more quickly, and I appreciate my colleagues who worked on this: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. M AST, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. W
ILSON . I ask all my colleagues to support this. I think it is a good amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HU-
STER ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 8 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana) having assumed the chair, Mr. H
ARPER , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 8) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to pro-vide for the conservation and develop-ment of water and related resources, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. f 
PERMISSION TO CONSIDER AMENDMENTS OUT OF SE-QUENCE DURING FURTHER CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 8 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that during further consideration of H.R. 8 in the Com-mittee of the Whole pursuant to House Resolution 918, the following amend-ments printed in part A of House Re-port 115–711 may be considered out of sequence: Amendments numbered 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, and 8. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 918 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 8. Will the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. H
ARPER ) kindly resume the chair. b1530 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ARPER (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole House rose earlier today, amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 115–711 offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . GIBBS  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115– 711. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 9, line 17, insert ‘‘, if determined nec-essary after taking into account all relevant factors (including past successful project completion)’’ before the semicolon. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I rise to introduce my amendment to H.R. 8, the Water Resources Development Act, to provide the Army Corps of Engineers greater flexibility and the ability to use a variety of factors in determining financial assurances with respect to section 404 permitted projects. The Army Corps currently has con-siderable discretion at the district level on whether to require financial assurance or a bond of unauthorized projects. This includes a firm source of funding from a project or its history of successful completion of projects. The exclusion of this relevant data in deter-mining a financial assurance require-ment has led to uneven application of the Corps discretion at the district lev-els. As a result, regulatory and financial requirements can be uncertain for even one private entity from Corps district to Corps district. My amendment will give a more uniform framework with a wider scope of factors used in deter-mining the financial mitigation re-quirements for a 404 project. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment for regulatory certainty, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield to my colleague from Louisiana, G
ARRET  G
RAVES . Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is an important amendment in that it tries to ensure that mitigation banks and other types of mitigation mechanisms are viable options to be able to build projects. In some cases, you have unavoidable impacts. We need to be able to have op-tions to mitigate for those impacts so we can truly build projects. I commend the gentleman from Ohio for raising this issue, for bringing this up. I do think that we need to continue working on refining the text a little bit and working together in a bipartisan manner with our friends on the other side of the aisle to get this to a place where everyone can agree. Again, I think it is an important issue for us to address to ensure that mitigation credits are actually acces-sible, and I want to see if the gen-tleman will be willing to withdraw the amendment with the understanding that we are going to work with him to ensure that we can address this issue moving forward through the legislative process. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I think, with the comments from the sub-committee chairman and the chair-man’s willingness to work through this as we go through the process, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:57 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.053 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4816 June 6, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Ohio? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 115– 711. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 8, line 7, insert ‘‘water storage,’’ after ‘‘aquifer recharge,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment directs the Secretary of the Army to consider water storage when carrying out a water resource development fea-sibility study. Section 109 requires the Secretary to consult with local governments and in-tegrate their water management plans when developing a water resource de-velopment feasibility study. My amendment would include consider-ation of water storage when developing these studies. Water storage is an essential tool that many States use to take full ad-vantage of their water resources. In Florida, we receive over 50 inches of rain annually; however, we don’t al-ways get the rain where we need it. Water may be moved for flood control or water supply. For example, from November 1, 2017, through June 4, 2018, the South Florida Water Management District moved ap-proximately 151 billion gallons of water from Lake Okeechobee to preserve op-timal levels for the ecosystem. In my own congressional district, our water management district uses water storage to maintain maximum levels in Lake Toho. Additionally, these storage areas provide wetland habitat to many endangered species. Water storage is important and should be a consider-ation when studying water resources feasibility. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not op-posed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. This amendment clarifies the section on integrating the water resources planning to our bill and will help communities and the Corps work in partnership, and I am prepared to accept the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, again, I am prepared to accept the amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE OF  
CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to the order of the House today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 115– 711. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Strike section 120 and insert the following: 
SEC. 120. NON-FEDERAL IMPLEMENTATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 1043(b) of the Water Resources Re-form and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2201 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(A)(i)— (A) in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (i) by striking ‘‘15’’ and inserting ‘‘20’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘prior to the date of enact-ment of this Act’’; (B) in subclause (I)— (i) in the matter preceding item (aa), by in-serting ‘‘that have been authorized for con-struction prior to the date of enactment of this Act and’’ after ‘‘not more than 12 projects’’; and (ii) in item (bb), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (C) in subclause (II)— (i) by inserting ‘‘that have been authorized for construction prior to the date of enact-ment of this Act and’’ after ‘‘not more than 3 projects’’; and (ii) by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) not more than 5 projects that have been authorized for construction, but did not receive the authorization prior to the date of enactment of this Act;’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(8) by striking ‘‘2015 through 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Chair-man, let me start by just thanking the chairman of this committee, and I thank his committee for working with me on my proposed changes and for in-cluding an additional amendment in the manager’s package. The amendment before us expands the number of projects eligible under the non-Federal implementation pilot program, and, as you know, the pilot program was established by WRDA in 2014. What it does is, it allows projects that can demonstrate greater cost ef-fectiveness, greater efficiency to re-ceive direct funding. Savings from this program then go toward either deficit reduction and other Corps projects. So the original pilot allowed for 15 projects. This expands the program to allow for a total of 32 projects. These projects will need to be authorized and meet the criteria under the program, and if more projects qualify under this pilot, it has the potential to save tax-payers more money. Mr. Chairman, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not op-posed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment makes additional changes to the pilot program that we author-ized in WRDA 2014 for non-Federal im-plementation of Corps projects. This amendment will allow future projects to be included in the program. I appre-ciate my colleague’s work on this issue, and I am prepared to accept the amendment at this time. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . ROYCE OF  
CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, it is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 115– 711. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Chair-man, I rise as the designee of Mr. K
EATING to offer amendment No. 5. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Insert after section 122 the following (and renumber subsequent sections and the table of contents accordingly): 
SEC. 123. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR RE-GIONAL COALITIONS. 
Section 22(a)(1) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d- 16(a)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) C
OMPREHENSIVE PLANS .—The Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of En-gineers, is authorized to cooperate with any State, group of States, non-Federal interest working with a State or group of States, or regional coalition of governmental entities in the preparation of comprehensive plans for the development, utilization, and con-servation of the water and related resources of drainage basins, watersheds, or eco-systems located within the boundaries of such State, interest, or entity, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.058 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4817 June 6, 2018 
plans to comprehensively address water re-sources challenges, and to submit to Con-gress reports and recommendations with re-spect to appropriate Federal participation in carrying out such plans.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Chair-man, this particular amendment would expand the Army Corps of Engineers’ authorization to permit cooperation with regional coalitions who are seek-ing to create or improve water infra-structure in their areas. The amendment today would help achieve the goal by encouraging towns and counties to create partnerships with the Army Corps so they can pur-sue creative solutions to local infra-structure needs and they can do this together. The reason for it is because water-sheds do not follow municipal or even State boundaries, as we know, so it is regional approaches like the project in Mr. K
EATING ’s district that provide ef-fective and efficient solutions. So I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, al-though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for offering this amendment. This amendment clarifies the Army Corps’ authority to provide assistance to regional coalitions under certain planning provisions. This is a good fix to the assistance program, and I am prepared to accept the amend-ment at this time. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 30, strike lines 15 and 16 and insert the following: (1) by striking paragraph (3) and redesig-nating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and Page 30, line 17, strike ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and insert ‘‘paragraph (4), as so redesignated’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, the Denham-Costa amendment makes per-manent authority of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to enter cost recov-ery agreements for evaluation and processing of permits for public utility, natural gas companies, and railroad carriers. The goal of this policy known as sec-tion 214 is to modernize the evaluation of permits to ensure critical infrastruc-ture projects can be delivered to the public. This policy can benefit the Central Valley, Napa, Sonoma, and other dis-aster stricken areas by allowing them to rebuild faster so families can turn on their lights and cool their homes. I urge support of its passage, and I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ), my cosponsor. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I want to also thank the ranking member and the chair of the committee for allowing us to work with the committee for what is an important amendment. The Denham-Costa amendment would make permanent the existing authority for utility companies to con-tribute to funds to expedite permit re-views for the Army Corps of Engineers. b1545 Expedited permit review reduces project costs and enhances public safe-ty by ensuring that projects are com-pleted faster. It just makes good sense. Projects could benefit from this per-manent authority include work to sta-bilize aging transmission line towers in the San Francisco Bay, replacing nat-ural gas transmission lines over and under waterways, and restoring water delivery systems associated with hy-droelectric facilities. A lot of good has come from this amendment. It has broad support from the utility industry and labor unions. I thank the author of this amendment for his good cooperation, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 32, line 16, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 32, line 21, strike the period and in-sert ‘‘; and’’. Page 32, after line 21, insert the following: (6) an analysis of whether or not the Army Corps of Engineers— (A) considers cumulative benefits of lo-cally developed projects, including Master Plans approved by the Corps; and (B) uses the benefits referred to in subpara-graph (A) for purposes of benefit-cost anal-ysis for project justification for potential projects within such Master Plans. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of my amend-ment, which calls for a study on how the Army Corps of Engineers evaluates projects to advance flood control, hur-ricane and storm damage reduction, and promote water quality. I thank my colleague, Mr. B
ABIN, for his work on this amendment with me, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their hard work and collegiality in bringing this bill forward with us today. The study in my amendment will look at how the Corps currently cal-culates the benefits of potential projects and how they can improve the calculation so that more worthwhile projects are approved. Specifically, the amendment tasks the National Acad-emy of Sciences to study whether or not the Corps calculates the total bene-fits of a Corps project and considers them in evaluating the cost benefit of smaller segments or projects within that larger project. At the moment, it is unclear if the Corps can or cannot do this. Can the Corps count the benefits of a larger overall project and apply them to the benefit cost of a smaller seg-ment of that, that is smaller in scope? Can the Corps always measure indi-vidual pieces of a project for justifica-tion purposes? These are questions that need real answers. Mr. Chairman, I raise this amend-ment today because this is a problem that affects cities and towns in my State and, frankly, across the country. In Connecticut, we have rivers that crisscross the State, leaving many of our communities subject to flooding. Over the last 150 years, the city of Meriden has experienced 11 100-year floods, and the two most recent in the 1990s caused $26 million of property damage. The good news is that this flooding is preventable by imple-menting flood prevention and mitiga-tion efforts, which will protect life and property. The city of Meriden has been working for 20 years on trying to get help from the Federal Government. It came to the Corps looking for help. At this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.026 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4818 June 6, 2018 
point, it has completed many portions of this project. It came to the Corps to ask for help with a feasibility study. They were told they could not. The Corps said, We cannot look at that be-cause we can only look at this seg-ment, we can’t look at the benefit of the overall project. This is not serving our community well, and it is, frankly, not serving other communities well either. So we want to ask the National Academy of Sciences to look at the overall benefit. Budgets are tight. Everybody is bringing something to the table. Cities and States and the Federal Govern-ment need to do its charge. So we are asking this body to approve this meas-ure to have the National Academy of Sciences look at, in fact, what does the Corps do, how can they do it better, and how can they leverage together the resources to help our cities and towns? I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I think it will be very use-ful to know what the Corps, in fact, does in each and every district, and then, together, find a better way to move forward. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, this amendment seeks to provide better information to the Con-gress, to Federal agencies, and to pub-lic entities all over the United States to ensure that we understand the value of investments that we are making, to ensure that we understand the return on investment that we are making with public funds at the State and Fed-eral levels. Mr. Chairman, I commend the gentle-woman from Connecticut and I com-mend the gentleman from Texas for bringing this issue up. I think that there is much we can do to perfect the cost of benefit ratio process and infor-mation provided to the Congress to where we can make informed decisions to ensure that we are appropriately using the limited taxpayer resources that we have. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I urge my colleagues to support this worthwhile amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 36, line 8, insert ‘‘universities,’’ after ‘‘research and development centers,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, my amend-ment adds universities to the list of en-tities the Secretary of the Army Corps of Engineers should consider when sub-mitting their report to Congress on the use of innovative materials in water re-source development projects. Section 128 requires the Secretary of the Army to submit to Congress a re-port that describes the activities of various entities involved in the devel-opment of innovative materials for water development projects. Currently, as written, the bill mentions centers of expertise, technological centers, tech-nical centers, research and develop-ment centers, and other similar cen-ters. Universities are often at the cut-ting edge of research and, therefore, should be specified for consideration in preparing the report. While the current language could al-ready include universities in the cat-egory of ‘‘other similar centers,’’ such consideration would be discretionary. As such, a relevant area of activity may not be considered for the report because a single word was not added to the text. As Members of Congress, we ask for reports and recommendations from government entities so their ex-pertise can be utilized in assisting the legislative process. Here, the activities conducted at universities should be considered so we can best capture the relevant information on the testing, re-search, development, and identification to best inform the Army Corps report and their congressional recommenda-tions to resources development projects. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment adds universities to the list of organizations studying innova-tive materials that is already in our bill, but I am prepared to accept this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. S
HUSTER for his support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . 
KRISHNAMOORTHI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 36, line 23, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 36, after line 23, insert the following (and renumber the subsequent paragraph ac-cordingly): (2) provides recommendations to improve the capacity and preparedness of the Corps of Engineers workforce; and 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In order to successfully implement the many water infrastructure and conservation projects authorized under the Water Resources Development Act, Americans rely on the Army Corps of Engineers. The Corps has approximately 37,000 dedicated civilians and military per-sonnel delivering engineering services. They operate and maintain 13,000 miles of commercial ship channels, 12,000 miles of inland waterways, 700 dams, and have built 14,500 levees and works on more than 900 harbors. Thus, our ability to build a robust in-frastructure, to develop resources, and to implement environmentally con-scious conservation projects, is inex-tricably linked to the strength of the Corps of Engineers’ workforce. We should be doing everything we can to help the Army Corps of Engineers re-cruit, hire, and retain qualified em-ployees to carry out duties that impact environmental sustainability and na-tional security. My amendment addresses this issue by requiring the comptroller general to provide recommendations to improve the capacity and preparedness of the Army Corps of Engineers’ workforce in its report to Congress. In providing these recommendations, the comp-troller general will evaluate many challenges, including, but not limited to, diversity, recruitment, retention, and on-the-job training. I offer this amendment at a time when the national skills gap is at a record-high level. According to the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics, there are 6.7 million unfilled jobs across the coun-try, where employers have openings but can’t find prospective employees with the adequate skills or training to fill them. Nearly 600,000 of these jobs are in government services alone. Despite bipartisan efforts to address this issue, the skills gap continues to rise each month, up from 6.1 million this time in 2017. We need to do better. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.068 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4819 June 6, 2018 
I am confident that my amendment will help develop a 21st century Corps of Engineers workforce, which will, ul-timately, benefit infrastructure, na-tional security, environmental sustain-ability, and the overall American econ-omy. Mr. Chairman, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. This amendment adds ad-ditional recommendations to a GAO study on workforce capacity. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to ac-cept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Chair-man, I thank Mr. S
HUSTER for his sup-port. Just this morning, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that there are currently more job openings than people looking for work. This amend-ment is an important step to closing the skills gap, and I urge all of my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 36, line 23, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a semicolon. Page 37, line 4, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 37, after line 4, insert the following: (3) describes how changes to the navigation industry workforce with which the Corps of Engineers collaborates may affect safety and operations within the navigation industry. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which simply adds an important aspect to a GAO study that is already in the un-derlying bill. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D EFA-
ZIOfor their leadership in crafting this bill, and also my friend on the other side of the aisle, Representative WOODALL , for his support as well. b1600 The underlying bill directs GAO to report to Congress on the preparedness of the Army Corps of Engineers to truly make it a 21st century agency. The study will investigate how the Corps of Engineers is supporting efforts to invest in recruitment and retention of a diverse workforce. It will examine how the Corps of Engineers is coping with the steady trickle of the baby boomer generation retiring, and it will also look at the Corps of Engineers and how it can better utilize available and existing technologies in fulfilling its mission. At the same time, Mr. Chairman, it is important for us to understand how the Corps of Engineers’ primary part-ner in the delivery of its services, the navigation industry workforce, is also managing the impending retirements of the baby boomer generation. We need to get a grasp on what the Corps of Engineers needs to do to prepare for the graying not only of its workforce, but also the workforce of the maritime and shipping sectors. What is more, it is critical to understand how all of this has a bearing on safety and operations within the navigation industry. Mr. Chairman, in my home State of Washington, the average age of a mari-time worker is 54 years old. And while the maritime sector is growing at a rate of 6.4 percent a year, there is a so- called silver tsunami looming in the next 5 to 10 years. The industries that the Corps of Engineers intimately works with are expected to be fighting to fill open positions even more than they are now. That is why, Mr. Chair-man, my amendment directs GAO to make these additional considerations as it conducts its study. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to control the time in opposition to the amendment, al-though I do not oppose it. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. This amendment adds additional con-siderations to a GAO study that we have included in our bill. I believe looking at navigation safety is an im-portant addition. Mr. Chair, I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER very much for ac-cepting the amendment, and I urge support. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. HOLDING ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentlewoman from Wash-ington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 38, line 3, after ‘‘storm damage reduc-tion’’ insert ‘‘(including trough bars, coastal wetlands, and barrier coral reefs)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
REQUEST TO MODIFY AMENDMENT NO . 12 
OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I ask unan-imous consent that my amendment be modified by striking ‘‘line 3’’ and in-serting ‘‘line 2’’. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I object to the modification. The Acting CHAIR. Objection is heard. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would direct the GAO study in section 130 to specifically consider trough bars, coastal wetlands, and barrier reefs in their study on the feasibility of natural features projects for the purposes of flood risk management, hurricane and storm damage reduction, and eco-system restoration. Section 130 directs the Comptroller General to submit to the Congress a study of consideration by the Corps of Engineers of natural features and na-ture-based features in the study of the feasibility of projects for flood risk management, hurricane and storm damage reduction, and ecosystem res-toration. Specifically, one aspect of the GAO study of consideration in H.R. 8 asks for an assessment of the costs, benefits, impacts, and tradeoffs associated with natural features and nature-based fea-tures, as well as the effectiveness of such features. My amendment specifies some of the natural features and nature-based fea-tures that could and should be consid-ered by adding the language: ‘‘(includ-ing trough bars, coastal wetlands, and barrier coral reefs)’’. In my home State of Florida, we are no stranger to the issue associated with national features and the role they play in storm damage reduction, especially after the devastating effects of last year’s hurricane season, but this is by no means a Florida-specific issue. Hurricane Katrina and Superstorm 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.072 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4820 June 6, 2018 
Sandy showed us firsthand what hap-pens when natural flood protection fea-tures do not exist. This amendment would serve to high-light important natural infrastructure options to the GAO study, namely, trough bars, coastal wetlands, and bar-rier coral reefs were specified with storm damage reduction concerns in mind. These natural structures buffer shorelines against waves, storms, and floods, which help prevent loss of life, property damage, and erosion. For example, trough bars and sand dunes provide substantial protection from storm-induced erosion. The larger the trough bar, the more time it takes to be eroded by waves and the more protection it provides areas further landward. Coastal wetlands lower flood heights, filter floodwater, and protect from storm surges. Coral reefs reduce wave energy by an average of 97 per-cent, dissipating disproportionately more wave energy as wave energy in-creased. Taken together, these natural features would reduce storm damage and are items that would be specifi-cally evaluated in the GAO study. Mr. Chair, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for offering the amend-ment as he originally intended. I un-derstand he has some conforming and technical corrections he would like to make. We want to work with the gen-tleman as we move forward. We are willing to accept what he has offered today. Again, as we move through the process, we will work with the gen-tleman. Mr. Chair, I am prepared to accept his amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for his support. The technical amendment was ad-vised to us by the Parliamentarian. I thank the chairman again for his support. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . SANFORD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 40, line 21, strike ‘‘in lieu of’’ and in-sert ‘‘or’’. Page 41, line 1, strike ‘‘in lieu of’’ and in-sert ‘‘or’’. Page 41, line 16, insert ‘‘or reimbursement of funds of an equivalent amount, subject to the availability of appropriations’’ before the period. Page 41, line 21, strike the closing quotation marks and the second period. Page 41, after line 21, insert the following: ‘‘(c) APPLICATION OF REIMBURSEMENT .—At the request of the non-Federal interest, the Secretary may apply such funds, subject to the availability of appropriations, equal to the share of the cost of the non-Federal in-terest of carrying out other flood damage re-duction and coastal navigation projects or studies.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
ANFORD ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, this is a bipartisan amendment that I wrote with Members D
ELANEY , DUNCAN , and others, and I think it simply makes common sense. What it does is that it ensures the timely payback of ad-vanced funds to a non-Federal sponsor. What does that mean in English? What that means is that we have a program called the advanced project agreements wherein you have a Federal actor and a local actor, and it can be that the local actor advances funds to speed the project’s completion. What this amendment says is, if you have ad-vanced beyond more than your share, then you, on a timely basis, would be paid back for more than your share. Now, why is that important? If we are going to be competitive as a country, what we need to recognize is that, indeed, time is money. One of the things most critical to improving our water resources is timely completion of these projects. So this is ultimately about recog-nizing that time is money; recognizing that, to be competitive, we have got to speed the progress that we see on these kinds of projects; and, in fact, it ties to what we all know about competitive-ness. I mean, getting things done means a bias for action; it means not waiting on others; it means showing initiative; it means, if you go the extra mile, you get rewarded for it. Let me give one quick example. In the port in Charleston, it is a $558 million project. The Federal share is $287 million; the non-Federal share is $271 million. In the case of South Carolina, they have gone ahead and saved, if you will, in their piggy bank $300 million. If they advance the entire $300 million, are they just out of luck or are they held to the original agreement of this is the Federal share and this is the State share, and therefore, even if you ad-vance that money, you are going to get that additional $29 million back? That, to me, makes imminent com-mon sense, because most of all what it does is it recognizes that time is money, and allowing local actors to move more quickly and not wait on Federal activity is something in all of our respective best interests. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not op-posed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlemen from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. The amendment clarifies repayment requirements for funding advanced by a non-Federal sponsor. This is a good bi-partisan amendment. I am prepared to accept the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for agreeing to the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. S
AN-
FORD ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the con-struction of a new lock at the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, is vital to our national economy, national security, and na-tional need for new critical infrastructure. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I would be remiss if I didn’t thank Chairman S
HUSTER for his leadership on this im-portant legislation, subcommittee Chairwoman N
APOLITANO and the other members of the committee and the staff as well. Mr. Chair, my amendment is pretty straightforward. It simply expresses a sense of the Congress that the con-struction of a new lock at the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, is vital to our national economy, to our national security, and to our vital in-frastructure. Why? Well, really briefly, that lock is a gateway for the Port of Duluth and all of the commerce out of Lake Supe-rior. That is the iron ore; that is the corn; that is the soybeans; that is the forest products, all of which are essen-tial to our national security, our na-tional economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.077 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4821 June 6, 2018 
I would just cite one thing. Homeland Security did a study. They found that 13 percent of the Nation’s gross na-tional product goes through those locks, which is why we have military protection there; because if those locks fail from a military attack or if they fail from obsolescence, which we are in danger of having occur, it would throw the country into a great depression. So let me just conclude by saying that these locks and the rebuilding of them are vital to our national security, our national economy, and our vital important infrastructure. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague for offering the amend-ment. The amendment expresses a Sense of Congress that construction of a new lock at the Soo Locks at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, is vital to our na-tional economy, national security, and national need for new critical infra-structure. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague for bringing this to our attention, and I am prepared to accept the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Corps of Engineers shall make efforts— (1) as part of the mission of the Corps, to identify and address with respect to covered communities any disproportionate and ad-verse health or environmental effects of the Corps’ programs, policies, practices, and ac-tivities; (2) to promote the meaningful involvement of communities of color in the Corps’ project development and implementation, enforce-ment efforts, and other activities; (3) to provide guidance and technical as-sistance to covered communities to increase understanding of the Corps’ project planning and management activities, regulations, and policies; and (4) to cooperate with State, Tribal, and local governments with respect to activities carried out pursuant to this subsection. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) C
OMMUNITY OF COLOR .—The term ‘‘com-munity of color’’ means a community of in-dividuals who are— (A) American Indian or Alaska Native; (B) Asian or Pacific Islander; (C) Black, not of Hispanic origin; or (D) Hispanic. (2) COVERED COMMUNITY .—The term ‘‘cov-ered community’’ means each of the fol-lowing: (A) A community of color. (B) A low-income community. (C) A rural community. (D) A Tribal and indigenous community. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wisconsin. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and madam ranking member. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer my amend-ment to this critical bill, which au-thorizes billions of dollars in Corps projects. My amendment is very simple. I can keep it short. It would reaffirm the need for the Army Corps to make every effort to ensure, as part of their project planning and implementation process, the fair treatment of all communities in this vital process. Mr. Chair, this amendment addresses the continuing concern that certain vulnerable communities affected by Federal actions often have little to no input into the planning and implemen-tation of those activities, and they in-clude low-income communities, both urban and rural, communities of color, and other marginalized groups such as Tribes. By adopting my amendment, the Army Corps could lead in reforming how Federal agencies engage with vul-nerable communities by working col-laboratively with community stake-holders, by outreach, proactive out-reach, and requiring really meaningful involvement and conversations with these communities of color, including Tribal communities, engaging them in developing Corps development of the projects and implementation. b1615 I would ask that no one would object to requiring that the Corps spend more time listening to and validating com-munity concerns and working to re-solve them collaboratively at every step of the process, rather than waiting until a lawsuit occurs. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not intend to oppose the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. This amendment helps ensure that, as part of the Corps’ activities and mission, they are ac-tively engaged with communities of color, low-income communities, rural communities, and Tribes. This is im-portant policy. I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OF EXISTING INFRASTRUCTURE. 
The Secretary of the Army shall prioritize the operation and maintenance of existing infrastructure, improve its reliability, and, as necessary, improve its resilience to cyber- related threats. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, the WRDA bill is an important bipartisan piece of legislation that provides for improvements to our Nation’s water resources infrastructure, including ports and inland waterways, locks, dams, flood protection, and ecosystem restoration. Mr. Chairman, I want to applaud my good friend, Chairman S
HUSTER , for his leadership on moving forward with yet another WRDA bill through the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee; and I am so proud to serve on that committee under his leadership. But seldom in Congress do things ac-tually end up being like they were promised; and I can tell you, under the leadership of this chairman, not only are we voting on yet another WRDA bill, but we are doing it in a trans-parent, policy-focused manner. And it is this return to regular order that the chairman has truly encouraged so many of his members, not only on the committee, but off the committee. Mr. Chairman, my amendment adds one provision to this important bill: It directs the Secretary of the Army to prioritize the operation and mainte-nance of existing infrastructure and improve their reliability. The last thing the taxpayers want to do is spend needlessly money on expensive new in-frastructure if the existing roadways, highways, bridges, ports, airports, water and sewer systems are aging and in disrepair. We have heard all of this before from a number of our stakeholders and, ac-cording to the American Society of Civil Engineers, if America fails to in-vest in its existing ailing infrastruc-ture by 2025, the U.S. economy can be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.081 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4822 June 6, 2018 
expected to lose almost $4 trillion in Gross Domestic Product, resulting in a loss of some 2.5 million jobs. Therefore, as we look at this legisla-tion, it is critically important that we repair, rebuild, and modernize the in-frastructure we have. I urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, as the gentleman explained, this is an impor-tant amendment. Cyber-related threats are a major concern to the Nation’s critical infrastructure, and I believe this will help ensure that it is pro-tected. I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . MAST  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. MAST. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. CLARIFICATION FOR INTEGRAL DE-TERMINATION. 
(a) WRDA 2000.—Section 601(e)(5)(B) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) W
ORK.—The Secretary may provide credit, including in-kind credit, toward the non-Federal share for the reasonable cost of any work performed in connection with a study, preconstruction engineering and de-sign, or construction that is necessary for the implementation of the Plan if— ‘‘(i)(I) the credit is provided for work com-pleted during the period of design, as defined in a design agreement between the Secretary and the non-Federal sponsor; ‘‘(II) the credit is provided for work com-pleted during the period of construction, as defined in a project cooperation agreement for an authorized project between the Sec-retary and the non-Federal sponsor; ‘‘(III) the credit is provided for work car-ried out before the date of the partnership agreement between the Secretary and the non-Federal sponsor, as defined in an agree-ment between the Secretary and the non- Federal sponsor providing for such credit; or ‘‘(IV) the credit is provided for work car-ried out by the non-Federal sponsor in the implementation of an authorized project im-plementation report, and such work was de-fined in an agreement between the Secretary and the non-Federal sponsor prior to the exe-cution of such work; ‘‘(ii) the agreement prescribes the terms and conditions of the credit, including in the case of credit provided under clause (i)(iii) conditions relating to design and construc-tion; and ‘‘(iii) the Secretary determines that the work performed by the non-Federal sponsor is integral to the project.’’. (b) TIMING .—Section 601(e)(5) of the Act re-ferred to in subsection (a) is further amended by inserting after subparagraph (B) the fol-lowing (and redesignating any subparagraphs accordingly): ‘‘(C) T
IMING .—In any case in which the Sec-retary approves credit under subparagraph (B), in writing or by electronic agreement with the non-Federal sponsor, the Secretary shall provide such credit for work completed during the period of construction under an agreement that prescribes the terms and conditions for the in-kind contributions not expressly defined.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. MAST. Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by thanking the chairman, Chairman S
HUSTER , and the committee for all of their work on WRDA. It has been timely, and they have been a joy to work with. WRDA 2000, however, authorized a plan known as the Comprehensive Ev-erglades Restoration Plan and it grant-ed the authority to the Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Civil Works to provide credit to the State of Florida for reasonable cost of any work that was performed toward the completion of the project. However, current law does have some ambiguity that my amendment clarifies with respect to when the work is performed. Now, the Army Corps ultimately has the discretion to determine what work performed by Florida is integral to the project, and this amendment makes no change to that discretion whatsoever. Questions have been raised with re-gard to the scope of the Army Corps’ authority to grant credit for work Florida has done that is not explicitly stated in the Project Partnership Agreement. My amendment clarifies that, so long as the Secretary and Flor-ida agree that the work completed dur-ing the construction phase is integral to the project, the Secretary does, in fact, have the authority to provide credit for that work that is done. I appreciate the full committee and the subcommittee’s leadership working with me on this language, and I en-courage my colleagues to adopt this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment does clarify there were crediting responsibilities between the Corps and non-Federal sponsors in the Everglades, so I thank the gentleman for bringing this to our attention. I am prepared to accept the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MAST. Mr. Chairman, again I ap-plaud the committee on their work, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. MAST). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. COST SHARE PAYMENT FOR CERTAIN PROJECTS. 
Not later than September 30 of the first fis-cal year following the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall pay the out-standing balance of the Federal cost share for any project carried out under section 593 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (113 Stat. 380). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, before I start, I would like to join my colleague from North Carolina in recognizing the leadership of Chairman S
HUSTER on this important bill and the manner in which it is brought forward with full amendment process allowed. My amendment is fairly simple. It simply asks that the Corps of Engi-neers would pay their bills. The Corps of Engineers, according to an author-ization under WRDA of 1999, is allowed to enter into projects where a cost share is joined in with communities and organizations throughout the States. Many locations in New Mexico are still owed money for projects that were commissioned over a decade ago. The town of Bernalillo, the city of Rio Ran-cho, the Middle Rio Grande Conser-vancy District, and the county of Bernalillo all have projects that are owed money. One of those projects, a simple ar-senic treatment facility, cost $12 mil-lion. The Corps and the community both agreed that they would move for-ward with the project and the cost sharing agreement. A decade later, the Corps still owes money on that par-ticular project. At one point, the Corps expressed they had forgotten that they owed that money; so it is just important for the government to pay its bills on time. This amendment is fairly simple and straightforward. It just authorizes that and ensures it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.086 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4823 June 6, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment requires the Secretary to pay the Federal cost share for projects in Central New Mexico. I appreciate the gentleman bringing it to our atten-tion, and I am prepared to accept the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . KELLY OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. LOCKS ON ALLEGHENY RIVER. 
The Corps of Engineers may consider, in making funding determinations with respect to the operation and maintenance of locks on the Allegheny River— (1) recreational boat traffic levels; and (2) related economic benefits. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to ac-knowledge Chairman S
HUSTER ’s leader-ship on this, and thank the entire com-mittee and all the staff. I sure appre-ciate all the hard work. This amendment allows the Army Corps of Engineers to strongly consider the large number of recreational boats that use the locks on the Allegheny River in my district when prioritizing operation and maintenance projects. River communities on the Allegheny, like Kittanning, Ford City, Freeport, East Brady, and others, rely on rec-reational boating for their economic well-being. In recent years, the Army Corps of Engineers and a local non-profit, the Allegheny River Develop-ment Corporation, have developed a successful private-public partnership. Their partnership has resulted in pri-vate money being raised to keep the locks operational only on summer weekends and for recreational use. This amendment will allow the Army Corps of Engineers the flexibility it needs to help keep the locks open throughout the summer tourism months once again. Speaking on this issue, a commis-sioner in Armstrong County once said to me: ‘‘You know, Washington has taken away our coal jobs, now they’re trying to take away our river.’’ Because of the hard work of people like Linda Hemmes and other commu-nity leaders, the river is still open to thousands of boaters who enjoy the Al-legheny River on summer weekends. But even the weekend lock operations are still very much at risk, and it is my hope that this amendment will allow the Army Corps of Engineers to prioritize funding so the river remains passable all summer long for decades to come. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, as the gentleman explained, the Allegheny River, the locks, and the dams are, again, used considerably for rec-reational boat traffic, and the Corps should take this into consideration. This is a good amendment. I am pre-pared to accept it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . SCHRADER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ASSISTANCE RELATING TO WATER SUPPLY. 
The Secretary may provide assistance to municipalities the water supply of which is adversely affected by construction carried out by the Corps of Engineers. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, I first want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, Sub-committee Chairman G
RAVES , and Ranking Member N
APOLITANO , and their staffs for working with us on this amendment. The amendment simply provides communities with the certainty that the Army Corps has the authority to help them mitigate any detrimental impacts to municipal water supplies that may happen due to a Corps con-struction project. It is a commonsense amendment, and I am glad to offer it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, but I don’t plan to oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Louisiana is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, this amendment assures the Corps of Engineers can help mitigate any detrimental impacts to the water supply as a result of a Corps of Engi-neers project. I appreciate my col-league’s work on this, and I do accept this amendment and urge support of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MS . JAYAPAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. NOISE POLLUTION ABATEMENT AND MITIGATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the po-tential opportunity for integrating noise abatement and noise mitigation technologies and practices into improvements and oper-ations in harbors and inland harbors. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. b1630 Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment, which simply asks the Corps of Engineers to explore what opportunities exist to in-corporate noise abatement and noise mitigation technologies and practices in the Corps of Engineers. Noise has a bearing both on the land and in water, and as maritime trans-portation and travel increase and as vessels increase in size, communities along our Nation’s waterways stand to be affected the most. Seattle’s residential population and our maritime sector are both growing. And importantly, the liveability of our communities and the strength of our maritime sector will depend on how we address the challenges that come with that growth. At the same time, as sound travels more efficiently in the water, we need to be certain that we understand how we minimize the dis-ruption to maritime environments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.090 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4824 June 6, 2018 
Underwater wildlife—like the endan-gered southern residents, orcas—are es-pecially vulnerable to noise destruc-tion, because they are so dependent on underwater sounds for basic life func-tions. The Port of Vancouver, BC, re-cently investigated whether limiting the speed of ships would reduce noise and help our overall community. Over the period of the study, ambient noise dropped 44 percent. So research into this area is emerging, but it is clear that more needs to be done. In providing guidance to mitigate noise in 2014, the International Mari-time Organization identified more than just speed, but also ship design, on- board machinery, and navigation as factors to take into consideration. In the Puget Sound region, the Corps of Engineers is uniquely placed to lead this effort and unite stakeholders be-hind solutions that protect the mari-time environment, ensure the liveability of our communities, and support our growing maritime sector. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentle-woman for offering this amendment that requires a study for the use of noise abatement technologies at ports. I think this is a good amendment, and I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman very much and I urge support. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . HIGGINS OF  
LOUISIANA  
The Acting CHAIR (Mrs. L OVE). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part A of House Re-port 115–711. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title I the following: 
SEC. ll. PROPERTY ACQUISITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In requiring or acquiring an interest in land, the Secretary shall, in accordance with the Uniform Relocation As-sistance and Real Property Acquisition Poli-cies Act of 1970, prefer the minimum interest in real property necessary to support a project or action. (b) DETERMINATION .—In determining the proper interest in land under subsection (a), the Secretary shall first consider a tem-porary easement estate or other interest de-signed to reduce the overall cost, reduce the time, and minimize conflict with property owners related to such action or project. (c) P
ROCEDURES USED IN STATE .—The Sec- retary shall consider and attempt to rep-licate, to the maximum extent practicable and consistent with Federal laws, the proce-dures that a State has used to acquire inter-ests in land, provided that such procedures are generally consistent with the goals of a project or action. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Madam Chair, I rise today to offer my amend-ment to H.R. 8, the Water Resources Development Act of 2018. Madam Chair, my amendment is a commonsense and cost savings amend-ment that would allow the Army Corps of Engineers much-needed flexibility when acquiring certain rights to the procurement of land. Specifically, it would direct the Sec-retary to prefer acquiring the min-imum interest necessary in real prop-erty needed to support a project or an action. This allows flexibilities for the Corps to consider the use of a tem-porary easement estate or other inter-est to facilitate a reduction in overall project cost, to reduce project time, and minimize conflict with property owners related to the project or action. This approach will allow the Corps to take a more sensible approach to projects and not force the Federal Gov-ernment to purchase more property in order to undertake critically needed projects. Historically, in my home State of Louisiana, many of the projects are ac-complished through partnerships be-tween the Federal Government and State and private landowners who often can offer more favorable and eco-nomical terms than the Federal Gov-ernment’s outright purchasing of prop-erty. As we have heard throughout debate on the underlying bill, there are count-less and widely known deficiencies in the way business is conducted by the Corps. Many of these issues are caused by bureaucratic regulations that get in the way of real progress being made in a manner that is responsible to the taxpayers we represent. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I don’t plan to oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, I want to thank my friend from Louisiana, a colleague, for offering this amendment. As the gentleman stated, what is happening right now, the Corps of En-gineers is requiring non-Federal enti-ties, like the State of Louisiana and other States around the country and other private partners and local gov-ernments to acquire land in fee title, and then that is then absorbed as part of the overall cost of a project. In many cases in our home State, 82 percent of coastal Louisiana is owned by private landowners. These land-owners are willing to donate the project, servitude or easement to en-sure these projects can be built. And these are environmental projects for coastal restoration and other wetland construction-type projects. It reduces overall project cost. It incentivizes co-operation between landowners and gov-ernment entities trying to restore the coast. This is in the best interest of taxpayers. It is in the best interest of the Corps of Engineers. It is absolutely good policy, and I want to thank the gentleman for the amendment. I urge adoption of the amendment. Madam Chairwoman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Madam Chairwoman, I thank my colleague from Louisiana for supporting the bill, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this common-sense amendment, as well as final pas-sage of the chairman’s bill. Madam Chairwoman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. BABIN. Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title I the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NAVIGA-TION SAFETY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) high use Federal navigation projects, including those with numerous deep draft vessel calls per year, should ensure safe 2- way traffic by design vessels recommended by authorized navigation studies; and (2) the Secretary should consider the bene-fits of the safety modification or improve-ment to commercial navigation in evalu-ating such modifications or improvements. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. BABIN. Madam Chairwoman, I thank the chairman of the committee. As a member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee who has the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.097 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4825 June 6, 2018 
great privilege to represent four Texas ports in my district in Texas, it is truly an honor to offer this amendment today on their behalf. Right now, the Corps of Engineers is in the midst of a study of the Houston Ship Channel to evaluate potential im-provements. This study will examine the process for widening the channel and extending the 45-foot depth further inland. This is a necessary and well-in-tentioned study for an extremely wor-thy project. However, everyone involved in pro-ducing it is discovering that the Corps processes involved are outdated and in-efficient. These processes are unable to adequately evaluate the national bene-fits of the improvements being studied or the implications of major oper-ational changes in the future. As a result, unless reforms are made, this Corps study and others like it will not recognize the benefits of widening a waterway like the Houston Ship Channel in certain areas; areas that can lead to a restriction of one-way traffic in the future, as vessels become larger and larger over time. The Houston Ship Channel is the busiest waterway in the Nation. It sup-ports the top exporting region and the largest petrochemical manufacturing center in the United States. Ensuring an efficient waterway now and into the future is critical for the region, for the State of Texas, and for the Nation. This amendment takes a first step in righting this process by having this Congress to make clear to the Army Corps of Engineers the importance and the benefits of projects to improve two- way traffic safety in high-volume areas in deep draft navigation channels. And while I certainly want to go fur-ther and eventually get these formulas fixed into the law, I understand that this needs to be an incremental proc-ess. I want to thank Chairmen S
HUSTER  and G
RAVES , and Ranking Members D
EFAZIO and N APOLITANO , and their staffs, for working with us to get this process underway with this very com-monsense amendment. Madam Chairwoman, I urge adoption of my amendment and the underlying bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I don’t plan to oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, this amendment intends to cut through the bureaucracy to expedite decisions that are being made. In the case of this amendment, it is designed to address an issue in Texas where you have high-volume port projects and there are safety and navigational im-provements that are needed. We support the intent of the gentle-man’s amendment to cut through the bureaucracy to ensure that decisions are expedited and cost savings result, and urge support of the amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BABIN. Madam Chair, I also rise in strong support of amendment No. 8, by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). I am very proud to be the lead Repub-lican cosponsor. The Texas Gulf Coast is not just the export capital of the United States and energy capital of the world, it is a national treasure lined with vibrant communities, fisheries, key military assets, and outdoor recre-ation that millions call home. But as we saw with the 1900 Gal-veston hurricane; Hurricane Rita in 2005; Hurricane Ike in 2008; and Hurri-cane Harvey just last year, all of those great assets that I just spoke of are at risk of finding themselves literally in the eye of the very next storm. That is why leaders in my State have come together to produce this, the Texas Coastal Resiliency Master Plan, a roadmap for the local, State, and Federal officials to study and construct projects to keep our coastal commu-nities safe, restore and preserve our beaches and wetlands, and provide en-ergy security for all Americans. A summary of the Texas Coastal Re-siliency Master Plan by the Texas Gen-eral Land Office can be found at: http:// www.glo.texas.gov/coastal-grants/ projects/texas-coastal-resiliency-mas-ter-plan.html. Madam Chair, this amendment will require the National Academy of Sciences to study and report on wheth-er the Army Corps should measure the cumulative benefit of a holistic plan like the Texas Coastal Resiliency Mas-ter Plan when determining benefit-to- cost ratios. I am confident that the an-swer will be yes. This study is an im-portant step to get us there. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . BOST 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 24 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. BOST. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. COST AND BENEFIT FEASIBILITY AS-SESSMENT. 
(a) C OST BENEFIT AND SPECIAL CONDI-
TIONS .—Section 5(a) of the Act of August 18, 1941 (55 Stat. 650, chapter 377; 33 U.S.C. 701n(a)), as amended by this Act, is further amended by striking paragraph (2) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) C
OST AND BENEFIT FEASIBILITY ASSESS -
MENT .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSIDERATION OF BENEFITS .—In pre- paring a cost and benefit feasibility assess-ment for any emergency project described in paragraph (1), the Chief of Engineers shall consider the benefits to be gained by such project for the protection of— ‘‘(I) residential establishments; ‘‘(ii) commercial establishments, including the protection of inventory; and ‘‘(iii) agricultural establishments, includ-ing the protection of crops. ‘‘(B) SPECIAL CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(i) The Chief of Engineers may carry out repair or restoration work described in para-graph (1) that does not produce benefits greater than cost, if the non-Federal sponsor agrees to pay, or contribute to, an amount sufficient to make the remaining costs of the project equal to the estimated value of the benefits of the repair or restoration work and the Secretary determines the damage to the structure was not as a result of negligent operation and maintenance, and that repair of the project could benefit other Corps project missions. ‘‘(ii) Non-Federal payments pursuant to clause (i) shall be in addition to any non- Federal payments required by the Chief of Engineers which are applicable to the re-maining costs of the repair or restoration work.’’. (b) C
ONTINUED ELIGIBILITY .— Nothwithstanding a non-Federal flood con-trol work’s status in the Rehabilitation and Inspection Program, any unconstructed emergency project for the non-Federal flood control work that was formulated during the three fiscal years preceding the fiscal year in which this Act was enacted but that was de-termined to not produce benefits greater than costs shall remain eligible for assist-ance under Section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (55 Stat. 650, chapter 377; 33 U.S.C. 701n) until the last day of the third fiscal year fol-lowing the fiscal year in which this Act was enacted if the non-Federal sponsor agrees, in accordance with section 5 as amended by subsection (a) of this section, to pay, or pro-vide contributions equal to, an amount suffi-cient to make the remaining costs of the project equal to the estimated value of the benefits of the repair or restoration work and the Secretary determines the damage to the structure was not as a result of negligent operation and maintenance, and that repair of the project could benefit other Corps project missions. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. BOST. Madam Chair, I wish to thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for their support of the amendment. The purpose of this amendment is to help local communities recover from flood disasters. Under current law, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers can only repair a non-Federal levee if the flood protection benefit outweighs the cost. However, the standard can’t always be met, especially in rural communities, with specific economic and demo-graphic changes. b1645 The Len Small Levee in southern Illi-nois is a perfect example. The levee breached in the winter floods of Janu-ary 2016. Several thousand acres of in-frastructure and agriculture land were destroyed when the levee gave way. The Corps estimated the cost of repair-ing the levee would be higher than its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.101 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4826 June 6, 2018 
flood protection benefits, leaving local residents with no recourse. My amendment provides new hope in my district and elsewhere. It allows local sponsors to pay the difference be-tween the cost of repairing a levee and its projected flood protection benefits. My amendment does not increase the Federal Government’s share of the costs for repairs. Let me repeat that. My amendment does not increase the Federal Government’s share of the costs of the repairs. This is a fiscally responsible way to give a lifeline to rural communities struggling to re-build after a disaster. The amendment is supported by the National Waterways Conference and the American Farm Bureau. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I don’t plan to oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, this amendment is designed to largely address, I think, a flaw that this underlying bill addresses in the cost-to-benefit ratio calculations used by the Corps of Engineers, by OMB, and others. This particular amendment is fo-cused on emergency repairs. What this does is it allows the non-Federal enti-ties to pay a higher non-Federal cost share for repairs to levees. There are many issues with how OMB and the Corps calculate cost-to-benefit ratios. This is a fix for emergency re-pairs while we work on the underlying bill for the larger fixes. Madam Chair, I want to thank Mr. B
OSTfor offering this amendment. We are prepared to accept it. I urge adop-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BOST. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman for his support of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . HECK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. HECK. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title I the following: 
SEC. ll. STUDY ON STORMWATER RUNOFF RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a study on the compliance of projects and properties constructed or renovated by the Corps of Engineers with stormwater runoff requirements. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—The study under sub-section (a) shall include an analysis of— (1) the extent to which the Corps of Engi-neers has complied with section 439 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17094) for projects and prop-erties constructed or renovated since Feb-ruary 1, 2010; (2) the feasibility of the Corps of Engineers to meet the requirement to restore the predevelopment hydrology of properties under the ‘‘maximum extent technically fea-sible’’ standard created under the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007; (3) potential changes to the Corps of Engi-neers’ budgeting, planning, design, construc-tion, and maintenance strategies that could increase the agency’s ability to meet the re-quirement described in paragraph (2); (4) potential changes to the guidance de-scribed in the Technical Guidance on Imple-menting the Stormwater Runoff Require-ments for Federal Projects under section 438 of the Energy Independence and Security Act, issued by the Environmental Protection Agency and dated December 2009, that could increase the Corps of Engineers’ ability to meet the requirement described in paragraph (2). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. HECK. Madam Chair, my amend-ment is simply about making sure the Federal Government is setting the ex-ample in leading the way in addressing the single largest source of water pol-lution in America, which is stormwater runoff. Most of us probably don’t think about it, but, frankly, when rain falls— and it does a lot in my neck of the woods—and flows through our streets, it picks up all sorts of pollutants. We are talking about some really nasty stuff, frankly: toxic chemicals like ar-senic and flame retardants, as well as oils and pesticides. This stormwater hurts our lakes, rivers, and waterways. In fact, in many bodies of water, it ac-counts for 80 percent of the pollution. It not only hurts our environment. Just as importantly, it hurts our busi-nesses that depend on clean water, as an example, Washington’s shellfish in-dustry, which employees literally thou-sands of people. There are probably no places in America that are more impacted by stormwater runoff than in my home on the Puget Sound, which is the largest estuary in the United States. Studies by the Washington Stormwater Center in Puyallup, Washington, have shown that stormwater can kill a salmon within hours. They have time-lapsed films. But you don’t have to watch them in time lapse because it happens that quickly. Salmon and other fish are our way of life in Washington, and we are talking major business impact—a $30 billion economy. Salmon also serve as a vital resource of immeasurable value to the 19 feder-ally recognized Tribes in Puget Sound. They are the Salmon People, and salm-on—chinook salmon, specifically—are also the prey of choice for our beloved southern resident orcas, which we are precariously close to losing altogether. There are fewer today than when they were listed under the Endangered Spe-cies Act many years ago. So, if we fail to address the problem posed by stormwater, these resources will continue to decline, and our region will lose irreplaceable icons of life in the Pacific Northwest. Now, granted, we are doing a lot to address this threat already, but it is nowhere near enough. If we are going to truly address the problem, then the Federal Government needs to set the example. The good news is that Congress al-ready knows this and acknowledges this because, in 2007, this body passed a law which requires Federal agencies to reduce stormwater runoff when they develop or redevelop property. That is just a commonsense requirement. Since it was enacted over a decade ago, there has been no accountability for Federal agencies to show they are meeting these standards. So this brings us to my amendment. It would simply direct the GAO to study whether the Army Corps of Engineers has been able to meet these stormwater runoff miti-gation requirements, and if they aren’t, what changes they can make to improve their ability to meet them. Madam Chair, if we are going to help our businesses and communities im-pacted by stormwater runoff, it is vi-tally important that the Federal Gov-ernment set the example and lead the way. Madam Chair, I urge adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I don’t plan to oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, this amendment directs the Comptroller General to conduct a study and report on the Army Corps of Engineers’ ability to comply with Fed-eral stormwater requirements. This is an issue that affects districts across the United States. I want to thank the gentleman from Washington for bringing this amend-ment up, for raising this issue, and we are prepared to accept it. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.104 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4827 June 6, 2018 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MISS  
GONZA ´LEZ-COLO´N OF PUERTO RICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Madam Chair, I have an amend-ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title I the following: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO PUERTO RICO. 
(a) W ATER RESOURCE PROJECTS IN PUERTO  R
ICO.—It is the sense of Congress that the Corps of Engineers should proceed with a sense of urgency, and viewing requirements in the most favorable light, in evaluating and programming the actions to be taken to complete current phases, initiate pending phases, and prepare the reports necessary to proceed with the water resources projects necessary for flood control, dam repair, beach erosion control, and harbor navigation improvement in Puerto Rico, as well as for repair and mitigation required by hurricane and severe weather event damages that oc-curred between September 2017 and March 2018. (b) C
AN˜OMARTIN PEN˜AECOSYSTEM RES-
TORATION PROJECT .—It is the sense of Con-gress that the Secretary should advance the project for ecosystem restoration, Can ˜o Martı´n Pen˜a, San Juan, Puerto Rico. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´N) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Puerto Rico. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Madam Chair, this amendment calls on the Army Corps of Engineers to consider urgently and favorably those projects and proposals pending before them for flood control, dam re-pair, beach erosion, and harbor naviga-tion in Puerto Rico, as well as for the repair and mitigation required in the aftermath of Hurricanes Irma and Maria and, more specifically, that the Secretary should advance the project for ecosystem restoration at Cano Mar-tin Pena in San Juan. Between projects that had been pro-posed or planned before the disaster and those resulting from the disaster, the Army Corp of Engineers has before its consideration over 45 different projects or proposals for flood and ero-sion control for protection of life and property on the island. These projects are in all sorts of phases, from initial studies to planning, to pending con-struction start, to waiting for the next phase to be funded, and to inactive projects that may be reactivated. While we wait for decisions, we have towns like Toa Baja where, during the last hurricane in September, more than 12,000 families were flooded out of their homes. Every decade, that kind of town suffers losses from different kinds of floods while there is a project already designed and approved that could have greatly mitigated that kind of a hazard and by now would have cost less than the accumulated losses from the last hurricane. Those are the kinds of projects that are already approved by the Army Corps in that part of this amendment. In Ciales and Guayanilla, the mayors have gathered the studies and plans, but it has not yet been made part of the Corps schedule. Among the works that merit special attention is the Cano Martin Pena Project, which has been an example of community partnership and has been an important part of the Corps’ pro-gram in Puerto Rico, for the ecosystem restoration, protection of lives in the community, and control of flooding in an area that extends from the San Juan business district to the inter-national airport. The community has been an out-standing local partner, showing great drive to move forward their part of the program, but the project has been very slow because of the limited funding by phases. It is important at this point in time as we face a new hurricane season that our people get the sense of urgency from the Federal Government. When you know that the next storm is com-ing and danger is on the horizon, you will also want to know that the nec-essary work has been done. That is the reason this amendment is so impor-tant, and that is the reason I encourage all my colleagues to support this amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I don’t plan to oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The Acting Chair. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, this amendment expresses the sense of Congress that projects in Puer-to Rico in the aftermath of Hurricanes Irma and Maria be expedited, that these be considered a priority, and that the Corps of Engineers advance these projects as quickly as possible. My friend from Puerto Rico hosted myself, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Chairman S HU-
STER , and others in Puerto Rico in the aftermath of the storms, and certainly the devastation there was extraor-dinary. It is important to advance projects like this because as folks are looking at whether they are going to reinvest back in their communities, whether they are going to stay in their commu-nities, whether they are going to re-build their homes and businesses, knowing that things aren’t going to be back in the same degree of vulnerabil-ity is very important. We have got to send a message to these victims of hurricanes in 2017 and other disasters that these communities are going to be built back smarter, they are going to be safer, and the in-vestments they are putting back in their homes and businesses are wise in-vestments. I want to thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. I want to thank her for her tireless work in the recovery of Puerto Rico. We are pre-pared to accept, and I urge adoption of the amendment. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . GIBBS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. GIBBS. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. DREDGED MATERIAL MANAGEMENT PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of dredged material management plans initiated in or after fiscal year 2018, the Secretary shall ex-pedite the dredged material management plan process in order that studies make max-imum use of existing information, studies, and innovative dredged material manage-ment practices, and avoid any redundant in-formation collection and studies. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on how the Corps of Engineers intends to meet the requirements of subsection (a). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. GIBBS. Madam Chair, my amendment would expedite the process the Army Corps of Engineers conducts to study and implement the dredged material management plans, or DMMPs. In my home State of Ohio, the Port of Cleveland has had difficulty in re-cent years coming to a resolution with the Army Corps of Engineers over the disposal of dredged material from the Cuyahoga River’s Federal navigation channel. While the channel depth is maintained each year, the uncertainty from year to year does not provide the confidence necessary to northeast Ohio’s communities, and it does not give the Port of Cleveland the ability to conduct long-term planning without considerable and avoidable risks. To help private and public entities working with the Army Corps on dredged material management plans, my amendment ensures the Army Corps works diligently with local part-ners to conduct the DMMPs in an effi-cient manner. My amendment also directs the Army Corps of Engineers to consider 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.107 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4828 June 6, 2018 
alternative uses for and creative tools to collect dredged material, lightening the load on contained disposal facili-ties and increasing their lifespan. The Port of Cleveland and many enti-ties across the country rely on these dredged material management plans. They should not have to wait as long as 4 years for these studies and plans to be completed. In the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014, we imple-mented a 3 by 3 by 3 rule in which stud-ies should cost no more than $3 mil-lion, take no longer than 3 years, and include the district, division, and head-quarters staff concurrently. When DMMPs are developed, they should be held to the 3 by 3 by 3 rule. Madam Chair, I offer this amendment to provide a timely process for DMMP planning and implementation. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Madam Chair, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I don’t plan to oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
ARTON ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. b1700 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Ohio for offering this amendment. DMMP’s dredged material manage-ment plans are plans to manage the sediment that results from dredging activities. It can hold up the naviga-tion of channels for ships and vessels. It can obstruct activity at ports. This is what the rest of the world would call common sense. It ensures that we are not collecting redundant information, we are building upon in-formation that exists, and that we have a limit or goal of 2 years in com-pleting this. This makes sense. I want to thank the gentleman for bringing this amend-ment forth, which we are prepared to accept. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chairman for his support. He is absolutely right. When these projects are held up, economic activity can be stifled. We saw this happen in Cleveland. So it is very important this be adopted in the Water Resources De-velopment Act. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
DAVIS OF ILLINOIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 29 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. FEASIBILITY OF CHICAGO SANITARY AND SHIP CANAL DISPERSAL BAR-RIERS PROJECT, ILLINOIS. 
Section 3061(d) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1121) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE .—Oper- ation and maintenance of any project au-thorized to be carried out pursuant to the feasibility study identified in paragraph (1) shall be carried out at 80 percent Federal ex-pense and 20 percent non-Federal expense. ‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—After construction of any project authorized to be carried out pur-suant to the feasibility study identified in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with the Governor of the State in which the project is constructed and seek Congres-sional authority to construct any new tech-nologies not included in the Chief’s Report.’’. Page 52, after line 24, insert the following: (21) Projects under the Great Lakes Mis-sissippi River Interbasin Study Brandon Road Study. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Chairman, addressing the issue of aquatic invasive species has not always been one where all of the Great Lakes States have seen eye-to-eye on. How-ever, this amendment reflects an agreement between myself and my good friend, Mr. M
ITCHELL , as well as our two States and our two Governors. First, this amendment clarifies that the operation and maintenance of any project authorized subsequent to the Chief’s Report for the Brandon Road Study is done at an 80–20 Federal/non-Federal cost share. For reference, O&M on the existing electrical barriers in place on the Illinois River is at 100 per-cent Federal expense, as was author-ized by Congress. So with this lan-guage, we are making it clear that Illi-nois wants to have some skin in the game on this project. In addition my amendment requires the Corps, following the construction of any project authorized subsequent to the Chief’s Report for the Brandon Road Study, to consult with the Gov-ernor of the State where the project is located and seek congressional ap-proval before constructing any addi-tional technologies at the project in the future. Finally, as part of the compromise worked out with my colleagues from Michigan and other Great Lakes States, my amendment directs the Corps to expedite the completion of the Brandon Road Study, which we expect to be completed by next February. Now, let me be clear. It is no secret that the State of Illinois has had con-cerns with this project and its poten-tial impact on our economy. The Illi-nois waterway is a critical artery for the movement of agricultural goods and other products that support our re-gion’s economy, and disruptions to commercial navigation could have neg-ative repercussions to our ability to get those goods to market. In addition, my home State of Illi-nois has taken significant steps to re-duce the Asian carp population by using existing measures. In fact, the Il-linois Department of Natural Re-sources recently reported in 2012 the State has reduced the Asian carp popu-lation by 93 percent. Much of this is due to the critical Great Lakes restora-tion initiative funding, which I con-tinue to proudly support. Yet, in an offer of good faith, our Governor has submitted a letter of in-tent for the State of Illinois to serve as the non-Federal sponsor, and I look forward to working with my colleagues and urging the support of this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is the result of a lot of work between a number of Great Lakes members. I appreciate everyone’s work and consensus on this important issue. I am prepared to accept the amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ), my good friend and partner on this amendment. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I rise to speak in support of the amendment of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). We worked hard on this amendment. It is the result of hard work and agreements between all interested parties, Governors across the Great Lakes, and Members of Con-gress throughout the Great Lakes basin. The Brandon Road Lock and Dam is a lock and dam complex on the Des Plaines River in Joliet, Illinois. It is one of the last stops along the water-way before Lake Michigan and the en-tire Great Lakes system. Unfortunately, Asian carp exists in that waterway as well. This invasive species getting into the Great Lakes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.110 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4829 June 6, 2018 
would do unfathomable damage to our economy and ecology not just in my State, but to the entire Great Lakes basin. We must stop the spread of Asian carp, and the Brandon Road Lock and Dam offers the best and last chance to do so. I appreciate the assistance of my good friend from Illinois and the Gov-ernor of Illinois for recognizing the problem. Stakeholders and members on this waterway leading to the Great Lakes use it for commerce. Those on the Great Lakes basin prioritize its use to stop Asian carp. It is vital to under-stand that, and all sides must know and agree we have to achieve both ob-jectives sooner than later. This is a complex problem. That is why we have asked the Army Corps of Engineers to release their study as soon as possible. This study will advise Congress and the American people about what options we have, what ef-fects they could have, and how effec-tive preventive measures could be. Like many things in government, this project has seen delays. The report has seen delays. Time is our enemy here and we cannot have the final re-port delayed any longer. My section of the Davis-Mitchell amendment adds the Brandon Road Study to the list of expedited studies. By ensuring timely completion, we can move forward on whatever is rec-ommended in order to achieve two things: effective commerce on the river, while ensuring Asian carp do not invade the Great Lakes. I support the amendment, I ask my colleagues to do so, and I want to ex-press my appreciation to Mr. D
AVIS for all the hard work he has put into re-solving what has been an issue for a long time here in Congress. Together, we have come up with a good amend-ment. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chairman, again, I thank my good friend, Mr. M
ITCHELL . I would be remiss not to recognize my colleague from Il-linois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ), who was very sup-portive. His efforts were very meaning-ful to this agreement. Mr. Chairman, again, I hope that we can get this amendment accepted, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MISS  
GONZA ´LEZ-COLO´N OF PUERTO RICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amend-ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 52, after line 16, insert the following (and redesignate accordingly): (17) Project for navigation, San Juan Har-bor, Puerto Rico. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´N) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Puerto Rico. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is among the reports that the Corps of Engineers should expedite completion of. It is for the navigation project for San Juan Harbor. This is another amendment for the release of a study that has been wait-ing for more than 12 years. These re-ports follow from a study authorized by a resolution of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on September 20, 2006. This is a project that has been approved and, according to the Corps, could enter the engineer-ing and design phase within 1 or 2 years, once the reports and reviews are finally in. It will increase the main channel depth to 44 feet and make it 100 feet wider, along with other modifications, to allow a safer and more efficient movement of traffic in the Harbor of San Juan and increasing economic ac-tivity at a time when the Puerto Rico economy needs every boost it can get. As everybody knows, during the last hurricane, the movement of ships was one of the biggest problems. This would specifically be of impor-tance in the case of a future emergency contingency. As we saw during the last year, one of the problems that arose was the congestion when needing to move those shipments. In the after-math of hurricanes and flooding events, it becomes even more nec-essary, due to the incursion of debris and erosion from the surrounding bod-ies of water, which accelerate the nat-ural deterioration of the harbor. This is a project that has been ap-proved and programmed. The amend-ment, again, is so that the reports on the studies performed over the many years will finally be completed so that the next stage of engineer and design can proceed. This is an infrastructure that needs to be up and running for the creation of American jobs and to pre-vent future damage. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Remember, one of the main problems on the island is the en-ergy situation. We are an island. So we are importing all of the coal and all of the oil. If we want to move to an LNG facility, we need to have a wider and a deeper port. This is one of those big-gest efforts. If we got this kind of study, we can have those ports and have those ships coming from the States and have a better opportunity to improve our economy and have more goods and materials arriving to the is-land. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate my colleague’s work on this important issue, and I believe all of us understand the importance of restoring Puerto Rico. So I am prepared to ac-cept this amendment at this time. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . LANCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 52, after line 24, insert the following: (21) Project for ecosystem restoration, Warren Glen Dam Removal, Musconetcong River, New Jersey. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of the Lance- Gottheimer amendment to the Water Resources Development Act of 2018. I thank Chairman S
HUSTER and his com-mittee for the tremendous work they have done on the underlying bill. This amendment would direct the Secretary of the Army to expedite the completion of the Warren Glen Dam Removal Feasibility Study in the Musconetcong River, an important wa-terway in the congressional district I serve. The 30-foot-high, 150-feet-wide War-ren Glen Dam is currently one of the largest and most detrimental dams on the Musconetcong River in the State of New Jersey. The dam poses down-stream safety risks, worsening the quality of drinking water in the region. The dam also blocks migratory fish from the Delaware River, including shad, alewife and herring. In 1981, the Army Corps classified this dam as a hazard to public safety. It must be re-moved. The Musconetcong River is an impor-tant natural resource in our region of the country, and is well recognized for its scenic beauty, environmental sig-nificance, and diversity of wildlife. The restoration of the Musconetcong water-shed will improve the water quality by creating a stronger freshwater flow to push down the salt line to enhance the protection of drinking water. Removing the Warren Glen Dam would also open an additional 5 miles 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.113 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4830 June 6, 2018 
to the Musconetcong as a free-flowing river for migratory fish. The Musconetcong watershed has the po-tential to become an even greater site for outdoor recreation and wildlife. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. G
OTTHEIMER  for joining me yet again on a bipar-tisan, problem-solving collaboration. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1715 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I rise to claim time in opposition but do not op-pose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for offering this amend-ment. This amendment directs the Sec-retary to expedite the completion of a feasibility study, which the gentleman has so eloquently explained to us. I am prepared to accept this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
LUJA´N OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 32 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 52, after line 24, insert the following: (21) Project for flood control and water supply, Abiquiu Dam, New Mexico. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, I would like to recognize the leadership of Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, and my friend and colleague, Mr. L
ARSEN . Mr. Chairman, the amendment I have at the desk today will help start a Fed-eral process in providing additional flexibility for storage of native and San Juan-Chama water to benefit the Middle Rio Grande region. The Albuquerque Bernalillo County Water Utility Authority has been working for more than 5 years to ob-tain congressional authorization to in-crease storage in Abiquiu Reservoir by about 35,000 acre-feet. This will provide greater and much-needed flexibility for water operations to support municipal, agricultural, and environmental pur-poses. This amendment starts that process by expediting the feasibility study for Abiquiu Dam. According to the New Mexico Interstate Stream Commission, the added storage will also provide op-portunities to benefit acequias in northern New Mexico, many of which have the oldest water rights in the Rio Grande basin, but do not have any abil-ity to store water for use in drought years; management of operations in the Middle Rio Grande for Endangered Species Act compliance; and for the Rio Grande Compact compliance for the State of New Mexico. This project is supported by the Bu-reau of Reclamation, the Corps of Engi-neers, the Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land Management. WildEarth Guardians, the Nature Con-servancy, the Audubon New Mexico, the city and county of Santa Fe, the New Mexico Interstate Stream Com-mission, the Middle Rio Grande Conser-vancy District, Rio Arriba County, and the Rio Chama Acequia Association. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I rise to claim time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, this amendment directs the Secretary, as he explained, to expedite the reports to the project for the Abiquiu Reservoir. I know this is an important project to New Mexico. I am prepared to accept the amendment at this time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Chair, I urge adoption of this amendment so that these communities can move forward with this critical project, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAY L
UJA´N). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . LARSEN OF  
WASHINGTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 33 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 55, line 1, strike ‘‘$3,000,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,025,000,000’’. Page 57, line 24, strike ‘‘$3,000,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,025,000,000’’. At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PUGET SOUND NEARSHORE ECO-SYSTEM RESTORATION. 
Section 544(f) of the Water Resources De-velopment Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2675) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$40,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$60,000,000’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. LARSEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amend-ment, No. 33, to H.R. 8 to improve available resources for the Puget Sound Adjacent Waters Restoration program, also known as PSAW. The Puget Sound and the waters and wildlife that call it home are corner-stones of Washington State’s cultural identity, maritime economy, and envi-ronment. As the Nation’s largest estu-ary, a healthy Puget Sound is essential to supporting over 3,000 shellfish jobs and generating an estimated $184 mil-lion in revenue annually. Every EPA dollar spent on Puget Sound recovery efforts have leveraged more than $24 in matching funds from State, local, and tribal partners. The PSAW program supports critical eco-system restoration projects across 15,000 square miles of northwest Wash-ington State, the Puget Sound drain-age basin, and the Strait of Juan de Fuca. The program is part of the larger Puget Sound Nearshore Ecosystem Restoration Project to restore and pro-tect salmon habitat throughout the Sound, especially for endangered chi-nook and steelhead. My amendment doubles the per- project funding cap for PSAW projects to $10 million and raises the overall au-thorization level for the program by $20 million. As a result, critical Sound nearshore restoration projects in Wash-ington State would be eligible for PSAW funding. Increasing available funds on a project-by-project basis will ensure that the PSAW program is con-sistent with the Aquatic Ecosystem Restoration Program cap. Recently, the CBO did an analysis of the amendment and found it will have little to no direct impact on the budg-et. Mr. Chair, a special thanks to Chair-man S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for their leadership on this measure as well. I am pleased that we are moving forward on WRDA legisla-tion that invests in the Nation’s ports, channels, waterways, and other critical infrastructure to keep the U.S. mari-time system competitive. Maintaining the regular 2-year au-thorization of this legislation is crit-ical to the Nation’s economy and will encourage new, good-paying jobs in the Pacific Northwest. I urge my col-leagues to support my amendment to continue the robust Federal invest-ment and stewardship needed to save the Sound. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.117 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4831 June 6, 2018 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for offering this amend-ment. I was unclear about what this amend-ment did. Back home, I have a con-stituent by the name of Carson Frank. I went back and I talked to Carson about this bill, and he explained to me that this is consistent with section 206 of the Aquatic Ecosystem Restoration Project and raises all the authorization levels. So I thank Carson from my home State of Pennsylvania for ex-plaining this to me. I am happy to support the gentle-man’s amendment so that this project will be completed in a timely fashion. Mr. Chair, I am prepared to accept the amendment at this time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. L
ARSEN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 34 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title II the following: 
SEC. lll. PLYMOUTH HARBOR, MASSACHU-SETTS. 
Not later than December 31, 2019, the Sec-retary shall expedite and complete the dredging of Plymouth Harbor, Massachu-setts, as authorized by the Act of March 4, 1913 (37 Stat. 802, chapter 144) and the Act of September 22, 1922 (42 Stat. 1038, chapter 427). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, this amendment would direct the Army Corps to expedite and complete dredg-ing in Plymouth Harbor in time for the 400th anniversary celebration of the Mayflower landing in Plymouth and Provincetown, Massachusetts. This is a huge international event that will attract people from all over the world, particularly from Britain— including Plymouth, England—and it is going to be a significant revenue pro-ducer for our Commonwealth but also for our country. The 2020 anniversary is a proud mile-stone for our country as we commemo-rate the 400th anniversary of the suc-cessful settlement of Plymouth by the Pilgrims; the essential contributions of the Aquinnah and Mashpee Wampanoag tribes; and the number of key events that followed, including the signing of the Mayflower Compact, the 50-year Plymouth Pilgrim-Wampanoag peace treaty, and of course, the first Thanks-giving. For my entire time in Congress, I have worked closely with my constitu-ents to prepare for this Plymouth 400 event. The Plymouth Harbor dredging project has always been a cornerstone to these preparations. A centerpiece of the anniversary will be the return of the fully restored Mayflower Two, a full-scale replica of the original ship that brought the Pilgrims to Cape Cod in 1620. However, the Mayflower Two cannot return to her home in Plym-outh Harbor unless much-needed dredg-ing is completed by that time. Further, we anticipate a maritime salute to mark the return of the Mayflower Two as part of the com-memoration. We also expect significant uptick in corresponding maritime traf-fic. The amendment is part of a final piece to ensure that 2020 will be a mem-orable year for our community and our country, and I look forward to the completion of this project and all the good that will follow. This is something that is critical not only in terms of the event but making sure there is safe navigation, which we will have to be able to, in some way, counter the influx of marine traffic as well. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate the gentleman offering this amendment that does direct the Army Corps to expedite the complete dredg-ing in Plymouth Harbor, Massachu-setts. I know this project is important to the gentleman and to the State, so I am prepared to accept the amendment at this time, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I just want to thank the chairman for his help working with this, and I want to say, you are welcome. In 2020, come be part of the celebration. It is so integral to our country, and it is something that will, I think, be a great revenue pro-ducer as well. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . JOYCE OF  
OHIO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 35 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Add at the end of title II the following: 
SEC. ll. BRANDON ROAD STUDY. 
The Secretary shall complete a final feasi-bility report for the Great Lakes Mississippi River Interbasin Study Brandon Road Study, authorized under section 3061(d) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (121 Stat. 1121) and section 1538(b)(1) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 586) by the original deadline of February 2019. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for his tire-less work on this bill and for the fan-tastic job he has done throughout his career as the chairman of the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee. Our Nation owes him a lot for his fine work. My amendment requires the Army Corps to complete its final report for the Brandon Road Study by February 2019, which is the originally established deadline. The purpose of the Brandon Road Study is to evaluate options and technologies near the Brandon Road Lock and Dam site to prevent aquatic invasive species from reaching the Great Lakes; in particular, the Asian carp. The study began in 2015. We were sup-posed to see the draft report by Janu-ary of last year. It was delayed 6 months. We cannot afford any more delays. The sooner the final report is released, the sooner we can begin to implement methods and technologies that will keep the invasive Asian carp out of the lakes, which account for more than 20 percent of the world’s fresh surface water supply. Asian carp would devastate the eco-system and the economy of the Great Lakes region. Studies show the im-pacts would include declines in native fish species and a one-third reduction of the total fish weight in Lake Erie. We need to ensure that the Brandon Road Study is released by the February of 2019 deadline so we can move forward with the recommendations from the study and stop the invasive Asian carp from infiltrating one of the Nation’s most critical water resources. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for offering this amend-ment. The amendment, as he explained, directs the Secretary to complete the final feasibility report for the Great Lakes Mississippi River study on the Brandon Roads by next February. Keeping this study on track is impor-tant. I understand my colleague’s con-cern about not having it drag on with-out conclusion. I really appreciate the gentleman for offering this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.122 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4832 June 6, 2018 
Mr. Chair, I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I urge the support of my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OYCE ). The amendment was agreed to. b1730 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . BISHOP OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 36 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. ll. LAND CONVEYANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall convey to the City of Bainbridge, Georgia, without monetary consideration and subject to subsection (b), all right, title, and interest in and to real property described in sub-section (c). (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The conveyance by the United States under this subsection shall be subject to— (A) the condition that the City of Bain-bridge agree to operate, maintain, and man-age the property for fish and wildlife, recre-ation, and environmental purposes at no cost or expense to the United States; and (B) such other terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be in the interest of the United States. (2) R
EVERSION .—If the Secretary deter-mines that the real property conveyed under paragraph (1) ceases to be held in public own-ership or the city ceases to operate, main-tain, and manage the real property in ac-cordance with this subsection, all right, title, and interest in and to the property shall revert to the United States, at the op-tion of the Secretary. (c) P
ROPERTY .—The property to be con-veyed is composed of the following 3 parcels of land: (1) P
ARCEL 1 .—All that tract or parcel of land lying and being in Land Lots 226. and 228, Fifteenth Land District, and Land Lots 319, 320, 321, 322, 323 and 358, Twentieth Land District, Decatur County, Georgia, more par-ticularly described as follows: Beginning at a concrete monument stamped ‘‘358’’ which is 950 feet, more or less, North of the South line and 600 feet, more or less, West of the East line of said Land Lot 358, at a corner of a tract of land owned by the United States of America at Lake Semi-nole and at plane coordinate position North 318,698.72 feet and East 360,033.38 feet based on Transverse Mercator Projection, Georgia West Zone; Thence Due West 75 feet, more or less, to the contour at elevation 77.0 feet above Mean Sea Level; Thence Northeasterly along the meanders of said 77.0 foot contour a distance of 20,600 feet, more or less, to the mouth of the en-trance channel to the arena and boat basin; Thence N 75° E 150 feet, more or less, to an-other point on said 77.0 foot contour; Thence Northeasterly along the meanders of said 77.0 foot contour a distance of 3,300 feet, more or less, to a point which is on the boundary of said United States tract and on the boundary of a tract of land now or for-merly owned by the City of Bainbridge, Georgia; Thence along the boundary of said United States tract the following courses: S 10° 52′ E along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 830 feet, more or less, to a corner of said tract; S 89° 45′ E along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 700 feet, more or less, to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘J1A’’, co-ordinates of said monument being North 328,902.34 feet and East 369,302.33 feet; S 22° 25′ W 62 feet, more or less, to a corner of another tract of land owned by the City of Bainbridge, Georgia; S 88° 07′ W along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 350 feet, more or less to a corner of said tract; N 84° 00′ W along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 100.5 feet to a corner said tract; S 88° 07′ W along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 300.0 feet to a corner of said tract; S 14° 16′ W along boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 89.3 feet to a corner of said tract; Southwesterly along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract which is along a curve to the right with a radius of 684.69 feet an arc distance of 361.8 feet to a corner of said tract; S 30° 00′ W along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 294.0 feet to a corner of said tract; S 10° 27.′ W along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 385.0 feet to a corner of said tract; N 73° 31′ W 38 feet, more or less, to a con-crete monument; S 16° 25′ W 563.7 feet to a concrete monu-ment stamped ‘‘J7A’’; S 68° 28′ W 719.5 feet to a concrete monu-ment stamped ‘‘J9A’’; S 68° 28′ W 831.3 feet to a concrete monu-ment stamped ‘‘J12A’’; S 89° 39′·E 746.7 feet to a concrete monu-ment stamped ‘‘J11A’’; S 01° 22′ w 80.0 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘J11B’’; N 89° 39′ W 980.9 feet to a concrete monu-ment stamped ‘‘J13A’’; S 01° 21′ W 560.0 feet to a concrete monu-ment stamped ‘‘J15A’’; S 37° 14′ W 1,213.0 feet; N 52° 46′ W 600.0 feet; S 37° 14′ W 1,000.0 feet; S 52° 46′ E 600.0 feet; S 37° 14′ W 117.0 feet to a concrete monu-ment stamped ‘‘320/319’’; S 37° 13′ W 1,403.8 feet to a concrete monu-ment stamped ‘‘322/319’’; S 37° 13′ W 2,771.4 feet to a concrete monu-ment stamped ‘‘322/323’’; S 37° 13′ W 1,459.2 feet; N 89° 04′ W 578.9 feet; S 53° 42′ W 367.7 feet; S 43° 42′ W 315.3 feet; S 26° 13′ W 654.9 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning. Containing 550.00 acres, more or less, and being a part of Tracts L-1105 and L-1106 of Lake Seminole. (2) P
ARCEL 2 .—All that tract or parcel of land lying and lying and being in Land Lot 226, Fifteenth Land District, Decatur Coun-ty, Georgia, more particularly described as follows: Beginning at a point which is on the East right-of-way line of the Seaboard Airline Railroad, 215 feet North of the South end of the trestle over the Flint River, and at a cor-ner of a tract of land owned by the United States of America at Lake Seminole; Thence Southeasterly along the boundary of said United States tract which is along a curve to the right a distance of 485 feet, more or less, to a point which is 340 feet, more or less, S 67° 00′ E from the South end of said trestle, and at a corner of said United States tract; Thence N 70° 00′ E along the boundary of said United States tract 60.0 feet to a corner of said tract; Thence Northerly along the boundary of said United States tract which is along a curve to the right a distance of 525 feet, more or less, to a corner of said tract; Thence S 05° 00′ W along the boundary of said United States tract 500.0 feet to a corner of said tract; Thence Due West along the boundary of said United States tract 370 feet, more or less, to a point which is on the East right-of- way line of said railroad and at a corner of said United States tract; Thence N 13° 30′ W along the boundary of said United States tract which is along the East right-of-way line of said railroad a dis-tance of 310 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning. Containing 3.67 acres, more or less, and being all of Tract L-1124 of Lake Seminole. Parcels 1 and 2 contain in the aggregate 553.67 acres, more or less. (3) PARCEL 3 .—All that tract or panel of land lying and being in Land Lot 225, Fif-teenth Land District, Decatur County, Geor-gia, more particularly described as follows: Beginning at an iron marker designated ‘‘225/226/’’, which is on the South line and 500 feet, more or less, West of the Southeast cor-ner of said Land Lot 225 at a corner of a tract of land owned by the United States of Amer-ica at Lake Seminole and at plane coordi-nate position North 330,475.82 feet and East 370,429.36 feet, based on Transverse Mercator Projection, Georgia West Zone; Thence Due West along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 53.0 feet to a monument stamped ‘‘225/226-A’’; Thence continue Due West along the boundary of said United States tract a dis-tance of 56 feet, more or less, to a point on the East bank of the Flint River; Thence Northerly, upstream, along the me-anders of the East bank of said river a dis-tance of 1,200 feet, more or less, to a point which is on the Southern right-of-way line of U.S. Highway No. 84 and at a corner of said United States tract; Thence Easterly and Southeasterly along the Southern right-of-way line of said high-way, which is along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 285 feet, more or less, to a monument stamped ‘‘L-23- 1’’, the coordinates of said monument being North 331,410.90 and East 370,574.96; Thence S 02° 25′ E along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 650.2 feet to a monument stamped ‘‘225-A’’; Thence S 42° 13′ E along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 99.8 feet to a monument stamped ‘‘225’’; Thence S 48° 37′ W along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 319.9 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning. Containing 4.14 acres, more or less, and being all of Tract L-1123 of the Lake Semi-nole Project. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the chairman for yield-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.126 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4833 June 6, 2018 
I would like to thank Chairman S HU-
STER and the committee staff for all of their assistance in helping to get this matter to the floor for consideration. This amendment would convey three parcels of land known as the Earle May Recreational Area from the Army Corps of Engineers to the city of Bain-bridge, Georgia. Mr. Chairman, the Earle May Rec-reational Area is vitally important to the city of Bainbridge, Georgia. The city has had a long-term lease from the Army Corps of Engineers, and it has in-vested nearly $150 million in improve-ments to this area for public use. These investments include a $25 million water control plant, several sporting com-plexes, and many other facilities that attract visitors. It is a destination for people from across the Southeast for its unique beauty and the recreational opportuni-ties that are offered by the Flint River. Continued improvements, however, could be done much more efficiently if the land were conveyed from the Army Corps to the city of Bainbridge. Since the original lease was initiated in 1980, any improvements that the city at-tempted to make had to undergo the very long and arduous process that the Army Corps of Engineers utilizes, and, therefore, it increased substantially the cost to the city, as well as the bu-reaucratic delays that occurred. By transferring this land to the peo-ple of the city of Bainbridge, I am con-fident that a proper balance can be struck between the city and the Army Corps, and it will facilitate the rec-reational activities on the Flint River as well as navigation and flood control. I would like to thank the chairman for his assistance and for agreeing to accept this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not op-posed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. I appreciate his work on the issue, and I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman, and I ask my colleagues in the House and I urge their support of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . BLUM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. ll. CEDAR RIVER, CEDAR RAPIDS, IOWA. 
The Secretary shall expedite completion of the project for flood risk management, Cedar River, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, authorized by sec-tion 7002(2) of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1366). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa. Mr. BLUM. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment that prioritizes the completion of the flood mitigation project on the Cedar River in the First District of Iowa. Ten years ago this week, Cedar Rap-ids, Iowa, experienced a devastating flood that resulted in billions of dol-lars’ worth of damage. In 2014, Congress authorized the Army Corps of Engi-neers to complete a flood risk mitiga-tion project on the Cedar River to pre-vent future floods. Two years ago, in the midst of another historic flood in Cedar Rapids, the 2016 WRDA included my amendment that prioritized the completion of the Cedar Rapids project. However, we are having the same discussion 2 years later for the 2018 WRDA. The Federal Government has let down my constituents in Cedar Rapids and has not fulfilled its duty to provide the necessary resources to complete the flood mitigation project to protect this city. Working with my Iowa col-leagues in the House and the Senate, I have attended countless meetings and sent numerous letters to the Army Corps and the Office of Management and Budget urging movement on this most important project, but it has yet to start. It is past time the government ful-fills its promise to my constituents in Iowa. This project is shovel ready, and Cedar Rapidians deserve completion to protect this vibrant city from future natural disasters. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not op-posed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment. This is an important project for Cedar Rapids, Iowa. We have had many discussions about it. I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 38 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll. CORPS OF ENGINEERS BRIDGE RE-PAIR AND DIVESTITURE PROGRAM FOR NEW ENGLAND EVACUATION ROUTES. 
Subject to the availability of appropria-tions, the Secretary may repair or replace, as necessary, any bridge owned and operated by the Secretary that is— (1) located in any of the States of Con-necticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hamp-shire, Rhode Island, and Vermont; and (2) necessary for evacuation during an ex-treme weather event. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would grant the Army Corps of Engineers the authority to re-pair or replace any Army Corps bridge that is necessary for evacuation during extreme weather or natural disaster in New England. In my district, Mr. Chairman, the Bourne and Sagamore bridges rep-resent the only roads for crossing the Cape Cod Canal by car. These bridges, owned by the Army Corps, have long reached the end of their working lives. In fact, the Army Corps is already spending a significant amount of funds just to keep the traffic on the bridges moving. Anyone who has gone there in the summer and experienced that can well attest to that. We cannot risk the safety of those vital roadways at any time, let alone at a time of an emergency. As the Corps already knows, it is important that we recognize that the canal bridges and other critical evacuation infrastructure across the Nation play a fundamental role in providing for the public safety of countless Americans. Much of this State and local work re-quired to ensure the long-term safety of the canal bridges is already under way. I have also been working closely with the Army Corps leadership in New Eng-land and in Washington to ensure that the funding necessary for the safest, most resilient evacuation routes re-mains a priority. This amendment would authorize the Army Corps to continue down the path towards long-term safety for the people in my region, the people in New Eng-land, and, importantly, the over half a million people that the population swells to just in that small area over the summer months. For that reason, I ask my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.128 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4834 June 6, 2018 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amend-ment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering this amendment that clarifies the Army Corps’ authority to repair the Saga-more and Bourne bridges. This will help ensure the people can safely evac-uate during an emergency situation. It is important to Massachusetts. I thank the gentleman for offering the amendment. I am prepared to ac-cept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman again for his co-operation. This is a vital matter of public safety going forward, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MRS . MCMORRIS  
RODGERS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 39 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PORT OF WHITMAN COUNTY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the approximately 288 acres of land situated in Whitman County, Wash-ington, contained within Tract D of Little Goose Lock and Dam. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non- Federal land’’ means a tract or tracts of land owned by the Port of Whitman County, Washington, that the Secretary determines, with approval of the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife and the Secretary of the Interior acting through the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, equals or exceeds the value of the Federal land both as habitat for fish and wildlife and for recreational opportunities related to fish and wildlife. (b) L
AND EXCHANGE .—On conveyance by the Port of Whitman County to the United States of all right, title, and interest in and to the non-Federal land, the Secretary of the Army shall convey to the Port of Whitman County all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. (c) D
EEDS .— (1) D
EED TO NON -FEDERAL LAND .—The Sec- retary may only accept conveyance of the non-Federal land by warranty deed, as deter-mined acceptable by the Secretary. (2) D
EED TO FEDERAL LAND .—The Secretary shall convey the Federal land to the Port of Whitman County by quitclaim deed and sub-ject to any reservations, terms, and condi-tions the Secretary determines necessary to allow the United States to operate and main-tain the Lower Snake River Project and to protect the interests of the United States. (d) CASH PAYMENT .—If the appraised fair market value of the Federal land, as deter-mined by the Secretary, exceeds the ap-praised fair market value of the non-Federal land, as determined by the Secretary, the Port of Whitman County shall make a cash payment to the United States reflecting the difference in the appraised fair market val-ues. (e) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—The Port of Whitman County shall be responsible for the administrative costs of the transaction in accordance with section 2695 of title 10, United States Code. (f) L
IABILITY .—The Port of Whitman Coun-ty shall hold the United States harmless from any liability with respect to activities carried out on the Federal land on or after the date of the conveyance. (g) A
PPLICABILITY OF REAL PROPERTY  S
CREENING PROVISIONS .—Section 2696 of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply to the conveyance of the Federal land under this section. (h) S
URVEY TO OBTAIN LEGAL DESCRIP -
TION.—The exact acreage and legal descrip-tion of the Federal land and non-Federal land shall be determined by a survey that is satisfactory to the Secretary. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS ROD-
GERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Washington. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Chairman, I applaud Chairman S
HU-
STER for getting WRDA back on a 2- year cycle and for his leadership on this important legislation. In eastern Washington, we rely on rivers, locks, and dams to move goods through ports and to markets abroad. I represent the Columbia Snake River system, and this system is crucial to moving Washington wheat and pota-toes. Today, I offer an amendment that authorizes a land transfer between the Army Corps of Engineers and Port of Whitman. As introduced, the Port of Whitman Economic Expansion Act seeks to sim-ply allow the port to accomplish their goals of providing additional jobs and opportunities in rural eastern Wash-ington. To do this, they need this land transfer. This amendment simply au-thorizes this process. We have worked with the State and local community to ensure this process will meet fish and wildlife mitigation requirements as well as keep recreation opportunities available in the community. I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER  and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO and their staff for their assistance, and I urge the adoption of my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not op-posed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. I know how impor-tant it is to the State of Washington and her district and her constituents. I am prepared to accept the amendment at this time, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MS . SHEA - 
PORTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 40 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. HAMPTON HARBOR, NEW HAMP-SHIRE, NAVIGATION IMPROVEMENT PROJECT. 
In carrying out the project for navigation, Hampton Harbor, New Hampshire, under sec-tion 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960 (33 U.S.C. 577), the Secretary shall use all ex-isting authorities of the Secretary to miti-gate severe shoaling. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. S
HEA-POR-
TER) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Hampshire. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Chair, my amendment is straightforward. It di-rects the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to use its existing authority to dredge Hampton Harbor in southern New Hampshire. Hampton Harbor is New Hampshire’s largest commercial fishing port, and it is a lifeline to the ocean for New Hamp-shire fishermen. Severe shoaling has made the water so shallow that it will soon become unnavigable. Some vessels must wait for the tides to be at their highest simply to enter the harbor. Over 1,500 recreational vessels, emer-gency response and patrol boats, and numerous commercial lobster and fish-ing boats could be cut off from the ocean. The narrowing and shallowing of the harbor not only places unnecessary costs on local businesses, it is also a safety hazard. As access points to the harbor become tighter and the window for entering the harbor safely narrows, more boats must enter and exit the harbor at the same time. This greatly increases the risk of a collision. A Hampton fisherman has warned in a letter to his local paper that: ‘‘Only a matter of time before there is a boat- to-boat or boat-to-wall collision, which will result in major property damage and possible human injury or death.’’ This project must move forward as soon as possible. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.132 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4835 June 6, 2018 
amendment, even though I am not op-posed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. I know the impor-tance of it to Hampton Harbor and New Hampshire. I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. S
HEA-PORTER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MS . SHEA - 
PORTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 41 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
SEC. lll. PORTSMOUTH HARBOR AND PISCATAQUA RIVER. 
The Secretary shall expedite the project for navigation for Portsmouth Harbor and the Piscataqua River authorized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962 (76 Stat. 1173). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. S
HEA-POR-
TER) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Hampshire. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Chair, my amendment simply directs the Army Corps of Engineers to expedite its ex-isting Portsmouth Harbor Navigation Improvement Project. Portsmouth Harbor is vital to both New Hampshire’s economy and our na-tional security. It is the only deep draft harbor located in the State of New Hampshire and is the port of entry for fuels that generate 20 percent of New Hampshire’s energy. b1745 The harbor is also home to the Ports-mouth Naval Shipyard, where Granite Staters work on our Nation’s advanced nuclear submarines. It is a challenging harbor to navigate—home to some of the fastest tidal currents on Earth. That is why it is so important that the Portsmouth Harbor project moves for-ward quickly. The harbor must remain safe and navigable. The skilled sailors of the United States Navy can navigate this difficult waterway. It is vital that commercial traffic can also use the harbor safely and that commercial vessels do not delay the submarines’ entry to the shipyard. In addition, a maritime inci-dent triggered by this difficult water-way could cause a devastating oil spill that would negatively impact the ship-yard. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. This amendment that she explained so well expedites the navigation project for Portsmouth Har-bor and the Piscataqua River, which I know many families live along that— the Jones, the Smiths, the Gosselins— and they are all very concerned about this, so I appreciate the gentlewoman bringing this amendment to the floor. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to ac-cept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. SHEA-PORTER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
MINNESOTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 42 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title I the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ENCOURAGING NON-FEDERAL DREDGED MATERIAL PLACEMENT SPONSORS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) when a State or subdivision of a State, individually or in partnership with a private partner, develops a reasonable alternative to the Federal standard for dredged material disposal facilities that meets relevant Fed-eral environmental and dredged material placement and disposal requirements in co-ordination with a Corps of Engineers’ Dis-trict Office, it should receive preferred con-sideration by the Secretary; and (2) the Secretary is encouraged to consider entering into agreements with non-Federal sponsors for the acquisition, design, con-struction, management, or operation and maintenance of dredged material disposal fa-cilities, including port facilities, through section 217 of the Water Resources Develop-ment Act of 1996. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, let me start by thanking my col-league from Pennsylvania, the chair-man of our committee, for his leader-ship in getting this bill to the floor. The U.S. Army Corps plays a pivotal role in the transportation of all of our goods and services in the United States. They are tasked with maintain-ing navigation channels in our most active and commercial waterways. Un-fortunately, carrying out this impor-tant work brings about challenges my constituents know all too well. Last spring, the Corps released a 40- year dredged material management plan in an effort to identify placement sites for almost 11 million cubic yards of dredged material. Regrettably, the proposal was drafted by bureaucrats in Washington with very little commu-nity input. Without knowledge of the local im-pact, the Federal plan would take 300 acres of pristine land from a third gen-eration family farm, 30 acres in a resi-dential neighborhood in my district, as well as 73 acres from a farm in Con-gressman KIND’s district. My own family lost their business through condemnation, so I am acutely aware of the damage the eminent do-main process can sometimes have on families and communities. After sev-eral discussions with the Corps and let-ters from myself, they agreed that more public comment was needed and that a better solution may possibly exist. I was pleased that the Corps sched-uled several public meetings on the topic, and that the Corps worked with us to extend the open comment period several times. This process proved suc-cessful, and a number of innovative and thoughtful alternatives were submitted for consideration. Yesterday, the St. Paul District Of-fice of the Army Corps and the city of Wabasha, Minnesota, signed a memo-randum of understanding for this 40- year plan. The memorandum of under-standing describes a process by which the Corps can use existing authorities to collaborate with a non-Federal enti-ty in order to allow for greater flexi-bility of material placement. This proposal has the support of the district office, our local community, and the State of Minnesota. It is also environmentally friendly, as it could allow the dredged material to be used in a manner that benefits society, rath-er than taking up space on a pristine farmland. It also spreads the burden of a public benefit to everyone who bene-fits. My amendment encourages the Army Corps’ headquarters to fully consider this alternative plan, and alternatives like this, in the future. In its history, the Corps has rarely approved innova-tive plans such as this. Federal, local, and private partnerships are something that we should encourage, instead of putting roadblocks in the way. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support this amendment, and I ask that the Army Corps fully consider inventive, but effective projects across the country it would af-fect. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.136 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4836 June 6, 2018 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for offering a commonsense amendment that encour-ages the Corps to consider reasonable alternative agreements between State and local entities and private partners. This makes a lot of sense to me. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to ac-cept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . OLSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 43 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. PROJECT COMPLETION FOR DISASTER AREAS. 
The Secretary shall carry out expedi-tiously projects already authorized by the Army Corps of Engineers to reduce the risk of future floods and hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chairman, as you know, the greater Houston area, my home, was devastated by Hurricane Harvey. That was 10 months ago. We are still working to recover, and Texas is not alone. Florida, Georgia, Lou-isiana, South Carolina, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands were im-pacted by a shattering hurricane sea-son. And we can’t just focus on the last storm season. The 2018 hurricane sea-son started on June 1. Tropical Storm Alberto hit the Florida Panhandle on May 25, 6 days before hurricane season. NOAA says that there is a 75 percent chance this Atlantic hurricane season will be near or above normal. That is why we must act now to pre-vent damage from huge floods like Har-vey. Congress worked in a bipartisan manner to pass the Bipartisan Budget Act to provide critical Army Corps funds to rebuild our communities and prepare for the next storm. Even though that money has been allocated, the work has not begun. While that is partly due to red tape at the Corps, once work begins, we need to move that process quickly. My amendment is simple. It says that the Army Corps needs to expedite previously authorized projects in the declared disaster areas of Texas, Flor-ida, Georgia, Louisiana, South Caro-lina, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. These projects will provide critical help for communities that are still recovering and mitigate future flooding and damage. Mr. Chairman, I yield 45 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. AL G
REEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the amendment by Mr. O
LSON . It is a bipar-tisan effort. But it is also an effort to save lives, because in 2015 with the Me-morial Day flood we had 7 people lose their lives; and, in 2016, with the tax day flood, we had 8 people lose their lives; and, of course, Hurricane Harvey claimed 68 lives across the State of Texas. This is not only about dollars and cents, it is about saving lives, and I en-courage my colleagues to support it. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman bringing this amendment to the floor and given that he said the historic hurricanes of 2017 this amendment is critical to that re-covery, so I am prepared to accept the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Mem-ber D
EFAZIO for clearing the way for this amendment to be voted on on the House floor. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleagues who cosponsored this amendment, and I ask all of my colleagues to vote for this flood protection amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . CULBERSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 44 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL), I have an amend-ment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title II the following: 
SEC. lll. HOUSTON AND COASTAL TEXAS. 
The Secretary shall expeditiously carry out flood and storm damage reduction stud-ies to reduce the risk of damage from future floods and hurricanes in the Houston and Coastal Texas areas. In carrying out the studies, the Secretary shall leverage existing information and resources. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, when Hurricane Harvey hit Texas last year it put over 50 inches of rain into an area the size of New Jersey. It was the first category 4 hurricane to make landfall in the continental United States since 2004. It was an extraor-dinary amount of rain and a dev-astating event, leading to the largest housing disaster in the history of the United States. This led to 1.4 million Texans evacu-ating their homes, and 300,000 house-holds were left without power. There was over $160 billion in damage. This is the second most expensive storm, Mr. Chairman, in American history, and the most expensive storm in Texas his-tory. Hurricane Harvey was the third major flood to impact the people of Houston in my district since 2015. Mr. Chairman, I want to particularly thank my good friend, Mr. A
LGREEN . We have worked together in the Hous-ton area in a bipartisan fashion. All of us in the Houston area—A
LGREEN , G
ENEGREEN , SHEILA JACKSON LEE, TED P
OE, and M ICHAEL MCCAUL, who is also working with us on this amendment and helped put this forward—all of us in the Houston area have worked to-gether in a bipartisan fashion to help the people of Houston recover. We were proud to work together with the Florida delegation to help the peo-ple of Florida recover from Irma and Maria—and Puerto Rico. As the only appropriator from southeast Texas, I was proud to spearhead that effort in putting together three emergency hur-ricane supplemental bills, for a total of $141 billion, the largest amount of money the Corps commander tells me that he has ever seen in his 40 years of service at the Corps. Mr. Chairman, I particularly want to thank the chairman of the Appropria-tions Committee, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN  for his support. I want to thank the chairman of the Transportation Com-mittee, Mr. S
HUSTER —he and I were elected together in 2000—for his sup-port on this important recovery effort. We are approaching the 1-year anniver-sary of Harvey, and we have not forgot-ten the devastation that it brought to the people we represent. After we passed that emergency ap-propriations bill, after those agencies had received that money, one of our most important and, frankly, frus-trating jobs is getting the agencies to release the money, to get it into the hands of the homeowners who had suf-fered, the business owners who had suf-fered, and to make sure that the Army 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.141 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4837 June 6, 2018 
Corps of Engineers is speedily carrying out the studies and recommendations that they have to do to build the flood control structures we need in southeast Texas. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, that Mr. M
CCAULand I are putting forward today says, very clearly, that the Sec-retary of the Army shall expeditiously carry out these flood control studies and make sure that they are built as rapidly as possible. I can tell you from my position on the Appropriations Committee, as a subcommittee chair-man representing southeast Texas, I will use all of the tools the Appropria-tions Committee has available to us, working with Chairman S
IMPSON and Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN , to ensure the Corps moves rapidly. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER for his support of this amend-ment. And I also thank my colleague, A
LGREEN , for his support on this amendment today. We have worked to-gether arm in arm in helping people re-cover from these three disastrous floods over the last 3 years. This amendment will make sure the Army Corps of Engineers completes these studies rapidly, that they execute quickly, and build whatever is rec-ommended to help protect the people of Houston and southeast Texas from the next storm. We are going to make sure, as the people’s elected representatives, that our constituents’ very scarce, hard-earned, and precious tax dollars are wisely and carefully spent in an ex-peditious way to rebuild and to protect us against the next giant storm. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. b1800 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague for offering this amendment. As he clearly pointed out, this is im-portant due to the historic hurricane season from last year. So I want to thank my good friends, Chairman C
UL-
BERSON and Chairman M CCAUL, for of-fering this. I am prepared to accept the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
L G
REEN ), my colleague. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I thank all of my colleagues who have been associated with this amendment. Mr. Chair, this has been a bipartisan effort. Mr. C
ULBERSON and I have worked together not only on this ef-fort, but also to serve people. We do have people who are still liv-ing in temporary shelter in Houston and we have people who are still await-ing FEMA’s assistance. With some 4.7 million people in the area having been impacted, it is exceedingly important that this amendment be adopted. Mr. Chair, I am appreciative that the chairman has indicated his support of it, and I thank Mr. CULBERSON , Mr. M
CCAUL, and other colleagues for bringing this amendment to the floor. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with Chair-man S
HUSTER and with my colleagues in the House representing the great State of Texas in ensuring that this money gets out the door to our con-stituents as soon as possible to help them recover, and that the Army Corps of Engineers is moving as rapidly as humanly possible to complete these studies and build the flood control structures we have to have to protect the people of southeast Texas from the next storm. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of my amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . WEBER OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 45 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 4, after line 10, insert the following (and renumber the subsequent paragraphs accordingly): (1) by striking section 9003; (2) by redesignating sections 9004 through 9008 as sections 9003 through 9007, respec-tively; (3) in section 9003(c) (as redesignated by this section), by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) L
EVEE SAFETY ACTION CLASSIFICA -
TION.—In carrying out risk characterizations for levee systems, the Secretary shall in-clude, as a part of any Levee Safety Action Classification, the following information— ‘‘(A) a complete explanation of the way project condition, design, hydrology, flood frequency, probabilities of failure and over-topping and any other relevant factor were integrated in arriving at the rating assigned; ‘‘(B) all incremental corrective actions that can be taken to progressively improve the relative levee safety action classification assigned to a levee system; and ‘‘(C) the incremental costs associated with each corrective action in subsection (b).’’; (4) in section 9004 (as redesignated by this section), by striking subsection (b) (and re-designating the subsequent subsection ac-cordingly); Page 4, line 11, strike ‘‘9005(g)(2)(E)(i)’’ and insert ‘‘9004(f)(2)(E)(i) (as redesignated by this section)’’. Page 4, line 14, strike ‘‘9008’’ and insert ‘‘9007 (as redesignated by this section)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, my amendment deals with flood con-trol levees and the way the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is assessing and rat-ing these vital community-based, flood-defense systems. The Corps has been developing levee risk ratings around the United States without the close involvement of local project sponsors, and this is unaccept-able. What is more, the agency is trying to characterize ‘‘flood risk to our commu-nities’’ without routinely offering via-ble solution alternatives or well-in-formed site-specific cost estimates for these solutions. According to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Levee Port-folio Report from March of this year, the agency indicates the following on page 28: ‘‘ . . . there may be reluctance to share risk information with the pub-lic when an immediate and viable risk management solution has not been identified.’’ Reluctance? Reluctance indeed. The Corps has been developing a risk- rating tool called the Levee Safety Ac-tion Classification, or L-SAC. Local levee systems and affected commu-nities are labeled as either very high risk, high risk, moderate risk, low risk, or very low risk for flood inundation. Thus far, 13 percent of the Corps’ pro-gram levees are in the very high, the high, or the moderate risk categories. Notably, these systems are estimated to have 8 million people that live or work behind them. My own district in-cludes such an area near Freeport, Texas, where nationally-significant manufacturing and R&D operations have occurred since 1940. These Corps ratings, which are to be widely broadcast to affected citizens, businesses, and community leaders, will have significant consequences for life safety and important secondary concerns like property values, eco-nomic development, zoning, and local governance. These ratings have been formulated without the sort of close local engage-ment that is required for successful flood hazard mitigation. Moreover, ac-cording to the Corps itself, the ratings are not accompanied by viable solution alternatives and cost estimates for these solutions. We can and must do better than this. My amendment enhances the Corps’ L-SAC risk tool. It should not only as-sess levee system locations, conditions, and failure consequences from a Fed-eral perspective, but also include af-fected levee owners and operators in communities in a completely inte-grated way to assess, communicate, and mitigate the full range of flood risks. Only then will we progressively im-prove the L-SAC scores and, more im-portantly, improve local safety condi-tions with viable long-term economic solutions. This amendment does not remove Corps risk assessment and communica-tion duties that were assigned by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.145 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4838 June 6, 2018 
Congress in the 2007 WRDA. To the con-trary, it supplements these duties by assuring, A, that individual levee sys-tem L-SAC ratings are transparent; and, B, that they play a meaningful role in expanding options and improv-ing life safety outcomes. This is a nonpartisan, meritorious proposal with national application. It increases transparency and it improves both risk communication and actual risk mitigation. Finally, considering the scarcity of available taxpayer resources necessary for actual infrastructure improve-ments, my amendment also cuts some fat. For example, number one, it foregoes reestablishment of the Committee on Levee Safety. That committee pro-duced a draft report in January 2009, and later updated, that formed the basis of the 2014 WRDA, which, by and large, has not been executed. Number two, the amendment elimi-nates the unfilled position of ‘‘Admin-istrator of the Levee Safety Program’’ and accompanying authorization for ‘‘such staff as necessary.’’ The Chief of Engineers, the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works, eight Corps Division Commanders, 38 Corps Dis-trict Commanders, multiple agency programmatic chiefs, and existing staff would seem sufficient to me to execute appropriate levee-related policy au-thorized by Congress. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, this amendment, while potentially well in-tended, could have the unintended con-sequences of weakening the Nation’s safety standards for levees. I understand the gentleman plans to withdraw the amendment, and I com-mit to continue working with the gen-tleman on the issue. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentle-woman from California for yielding. Mr. Chair, I do want to thank the gentleman from Texas for raising this issue. I actually agree with him that there are fundamental problems in the levee safety program right now: num-ber one, the fact that the Corps pro-duces these worst-case scenario out-comes that they apply to levees with-out publicly making the data available on how they came to those conclusions; number two, the fact that they fail to provide alternative improvements with associated cost estimates on how these systems could be improved and ensure the resiliency and performance of these systems. There are many, many other con-cerns. I think the amendment does at-tempt to address some of those, but I think the gentleman also understands that there are some concerns that have been raised that I think are legitimate. Mr. Chair, I do want to ask the gen-tleman if he would be willing to with-draw the amendment. I would certainly be willing to work with the gentleman through that process to see if we can find something that everyone can agree to that makes sense without threat-ening the safety of our communities, which I know no one here wants to do. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, with that in mind, from the gentleman from Louisiana, if we can work to-gether on this in attempting to address this. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . MEEKS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 46 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 52, after line 24, insert the following: (21) Project for reformulation, East Rock-away Inlet to Rockaway Inlet and Jamaica Bay, Queens, New York. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from New York (Mr. M
EEKS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, I am of-fering an amendment to expedite the Army Corps of Engineers’ study of Superstorm Sandy recovery efforts, al-lowing a faster response to dangerous and economically damaging beach ero-sion in my district and the Rockaway Peninsula. To this day, my constituents suffer from the after-effects of Hurricane Sandy. Though coastal recovery has contributed to positive economic devel-opment, the very same jobs created are now threatened by emergency beach closures. Two weeks ago, only days ahead of beach season, of the beaches opening, 11 of our beaches’ central blocks were deemed unsafe due to erosion, by the city of New York and all of the life-guards therein. As a result, it will be crippling to the vendors, whose entire livelihood depends on their seasonal in-come. Last year alone, there were four nor’easters that further devastated our beachfront. We have already allocated funding for the Army Corps of Engi-neers to begin constructing coastal protections and prevent further ero-sion. However, construction is not due to begin until 2019. In that time, beaches will be left vul-nerable to coastal erosion, threatening more closures, and impacting more jobs and economic activity in my dis-trict. This should be of concern to all taxpayers. After Sandy, the Army Corps of Engi-neers dumped two Empire State Build-ings’ worth of sand on our beach for coastal recovery. Stalled efforts to ad-dress resiliency issues, such as this study, are allowing millions of Federal dollars to be literally washed away. Mr. Chair, my constituents cannot wait until 2019 for construction of rein-forced dunes, groynes, and jetties. The studies must be allowed to be improved and completed in a timely manner so as to not leave our beachgoers unsafe or our economy vulnerable. While I will continue to push for a remedy for this summer—I am going to push to try to save some of it—it is my hope that by expediting this process, the beaches will be made safe and oper-ational for my constituents as soon as possible, and certainly no later than spring season of 2019. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for offering this amend-ment. Of course, with the devastating effects of Sandy on Queens, New York, I understand his concern. Mr. Chair, given the impact of that storm and the importance of this amendment, I am prepared to accept the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman and the ranking member from California for their under-standing. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. M
EEKS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . SCHRADER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 47 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INCLUSION OF PROJECT OR FACILITY IN CORPS OF ENGINEERS WORKPLAN. 
Any project or facility of the Corps of En-gineers studied for disposition for which a final report by the Director of Civil Works has been completed shall, to the maximum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.148 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4839 June 6, 2018 
extent practicable, be included in the future workplan of the Corps. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D
EFAZIO, Subcommittee Chairman G
RAVES , Ranking Member N
APOLITANO , and their staffs for work-ing with us on drafting this amend-ment. My amendment requires the Corps to include any project or facility for which there is a final report for dis-position from the Director of Civil Works to be in their future work plans, to the maximum extent possible. Mr. Chair, it is a straightforward amendment. I am proud to offer it. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for offering this amend-ment, which does require the Corps to include complete deposition studies in future Corps plans where practicable. Mr. Chair, I am prepared to accept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ). The amendment was agreed to. b1815 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
MISSOURI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 48 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title I the following: 
SEC. lll. MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBU-TARIES PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—After any flood event re-quiring operation or activation of any floodway or backwater feature within the Mississippi River and Tributaries Project through natural overtopping of a Federal levee or artificial crevassing of a Federal levee to relieve pressure on the levees else-where in the system, the Secretary shall ex-peditiously reset and restore the damaged floodway’s levees. (b) M
ISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘Mississippi River and Tributaries Project’’ means the Mississippi River and Tributaries project authorized by the Act of May 15, 1928 (Chap. 569; 45 Stat. 534). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I rise today in favor of my amendment which protects the Mis-sissippi River and Tributaries System and its floodways. The MR&T is our Nation’s most successful flood control and navigation system expanding from Cape Girardeau, Missouri, down through Louisiana near the Gulf of Mexico. Since 1928, the MR&T has prevented $1 trillion in flood damage and pro-tected the lives of millions who live in the Mississippi Valley. The MR&T’s floodways and back-waters throughout the system relieve pressure on the Mississippi levees dur-ing flooding and are essential to keep-ing the system functioning. One of those floodways is in southeast Mis-souri, the Birds Point-New Madrid Floodway. In 2011, the Mississippi River experi-enced historic flooding, leading to the Army Corps’ decision to intentionally breach, with explosives, the Birds Point Floodway. As a result, 130,000 acres of land were flooded, destroying people’s homes, towns, and crops. The people of southeast Missouri are resilient and, in the aftermath of this tragic action, tried to pick up the pieces and return to their lives. Unfor-tunately, it was not until over a year and a half later that the Army Corps returned the destroyed levees back to their original design. There were even some who indicated that perhaps these levees not be built back at all. That is truly unacceptable. Floodway activation impacts not just residents in the floodways, but all of 4
1⁄2million people protected by the MR&T system. Floodways are a crit-ical part of the MR&T, and their res-toration after activation should never be in question. My amendment ensures that, in the event of activation of any floodway or backwater feature within the MR&T, the Army Corps will prioritize expe-dient restoration of the damaged floodway’s levees back to the original protection. Activation of any floodway on the MR&T has serious consequences and should only be done as a last resort. This amendment simply ensures acti-vated floodway is restored. My amend-ment is essential to the peace of mind of all people living near floodways and to the proper function of the MR&T. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. I yield to the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. SMITH) for offering this amendment. There was something that the gen-tleman noted in the end that I wanted to make sure legislative intent is pre-served here, Mr. Chairman. The gen-tleman from Missouri stated that the amendment is intended to restore floodways after they are opened up, such as Bird Point-New Madrid, as op-posed to perhaps in south Louisiana where a crevasse could open up that would provide fresh water and sort of mimic that natural process that cre-ated coastal Louisiana and would cur-rently restore coastal Louisiana wet-lands. Mr. Chairman, I want to ensure the intent of the amendment and that we have in legislative history here memo-rialized that this is intended to address the restoration of floodways as opposed to crevasses that may open in the aftermath of a flood. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I would absolutely say that the gentleman from Louisiana is correct. It is for floodways and for restoration that have been activated. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to accept the gentleman’s amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 49 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1ll. MAINTENANCE OF HIGH RISK FLOOD CONTROL PROJECTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—With respect to each project classified as class III under the Dam Safety Action Classification of the Corps of Engineers for which the Secretary has as-sumed responsibility for maintenance, as of the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall assess— (1) the anticipated effects of the Secretary continuing to be responsible for the mainte-nance of the project during the period that ends 15 years after the date of enactment of this Act, including the benefits to the State and local community; and (2) the anticipated effects of the Secretary not continuing to be responsible for the maintenance of the project during such 15- year period, including the costs to the State and local community. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after completion of the assessment under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall submit a re-port summarizing the results of the assess-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.075 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4840 June 6, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-man, thank you for recognizing me to discuss this revised Young amendment No. 49. I appreciate Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO’s help and the help the majority and the minority staffs have given us with their assist-ance to get this amendment to the floor. This amendment requires the Sec-retary to conduct an assessment of dams classified as Class III under the Dam Safety Action Classification of the Corps of Engineers. Once the as-sessment is complete, this amendment requires the Secretary to provide a re-port to Congress describing two things: what will happen to local communities should the Corps give up the control of dam versus what will happen if the Corps continues to maintain the dam. This amendment will show the impor-tance of accurate design and construc-tion. Currently, there is a hole the size of a family sedan in a dam mitigation outlet tunnel that serves the city of Seward, Alaska. The Corps assumed re-sponsibility for this dam, and the de-sign and construction flaw will only get worse until the Corps fixes it, which they are committed to do. The current study for an alternative solu-tion will not be completed until 2019. This amendment is critical to the Alaska community because it prevents Seward from bearing undue hardship from frequent flooding and continuous damage to the outfall due to the un-foreseen design faults. This amendment would continue to require the Corps to expedite the study and place a critical importance on fixing the dam system for my constituents in Seward. I want to thank, again, Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and their staffs for working with me and my staff on this amendment and for supporting my efforts here today. We will continue to work further on this issue in conference, and I urge all my colleagues to support my amend-ment No. 49. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Alaska for offering this amendment. As always, the gentleman is looking out for the State of Alaska and also small and rural towns across America. So this is an important issue, and I thank my colleague for working on this amend-ment. I am prepared to accept the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . COSTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 50 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title I the following: 
SEC. ll. CONTRIBUTED FUNDS FOR NON-FED-ERAL RESERVOIR OPERATIONS. 
Section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (49 Stat. 1572, chapter 688; 33 U.S.C. 701h), is amended by inserting after ‘‘authorized pur-poses of the project:’’ the following: ‘‘ Pro- vided further, That the Secretary is author-ized to receive and expend funds, subject to the availability of appropriations, from an owner of a non-Federal reservoir to formu-late, review, or revise operational documents for any non-Federal reservoir for which the Secretary is authorized to prescribe regula-tions for the use of storage allocated for flood risk management or navigation pursu-ant to section 7 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (58 Stat. 890, chapter 665; 33 U.S.C. 709):’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the chair of the committee and the ranking member and all of the staff for their support and work on this im-portant amendment. It is a simple amendment to the Water Resources De-velopment Act. Today, as a result of action taken by the Congress in the previous WRDA bills, the Army Corps of Engineers has the authority to accept funds from non-Federal interests to update rules that govern the operations of res-ervoirs owned and operated by the Corps. Unfortunately, there are a num-ber of facilities that are regulated but not owned by the Corps of Engineers, and previous WRDA bills have failed to provide similar authority to accept funds to update the operations manu-als. These manuals are very important as it relates to flood control issues. Although the Corps regulations specify that water operations manuals, including flood-control curves, should be reviewed and updated regularly, the reality is the Corps does not do this be-cause they have got budget con-straints. A Government Accountability Office report released in July 2016 found that the Corps-owned projects for revisions to water control manuals are often a lower priority than other operations and maintenance activities, such as equipment repairs, sediment removal, or levee repairs. As a result, the Corps oftentimes does not get to funding these revised water control manuals. This is important. We have floods all across the country, and it is important that these get updated. Non-Corps section 7 projects have an even lower budget priority. The Merced Irrigation District in central Cali-fornia, which I have the honor to rep-resent, is the owner of such a facility called New Exchequer Dam, an impor-tant reservoir that has served for dec-ades and decades to provide water sup-ply, flood control benefits for the peo-ple of the San Joaquin Valley. The Merced Irrigation District wants to improve the spillway and water stor-age of Exchequer Dam and Reservoir, and it is going to fund all of the im-provements. But it has been prevented from doing so for years because the Corps doesn’t have the funding to re-view and to revise the project’s water control manual. As a matter of fact, the last time it was updated was over 30 years ago, which is of concern. So Merced offered—guess what—to pay for the process, but the Corps said, well, they can’t do that because they are not legally able to accept the funds. That doesn’t make any sense. So this amendment would resolve this by giv-ing the Corps the authority to accept funds to update operation manuals from the owners of all of section 7 pri-vate facilities that are, in fact, regu-lated by the Army Corps of Engineers. So, for the good folks of eastern Merced County, this amendment will provide an opportunity for the Merced Irrigation District to explore the rais-ing of the spillway gates at New Ex-chequer Dam, therefore increasing flood control protection and, at the same time, increasing the storage ca-pacity of this reservoir that I said has existed for decades to, in some years, another 57,000 acre-feet of water. 57,000 acre-feet of water is an impor-tant addition. It is a lifeline—can be— to our way of life in areas like the val-ley where drought, as many as you have heard about, is an ever-present threat. Every drop of water counts. So I want to thank the cosponsors of my amendment—Representative D
ENHAM , Representative G ARAMENDI , and Representative M
CCLINTOCK —for their working together on a bipartisan basis to provide not only tools for the Merced Irrigation District, but all other facilities, entities, local water agencies that have a similar type of project. This is a good, commonsense amend-ment. I know of no opposition to it. Not seeing anyone else who would like to speak on it, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, but I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.157 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4841 June 6, 2018 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for yielding. I want to thank the gentleman from California for offering this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I actually want to dis-cuss some of the provisions that were included in the manager’s amendment that I think are very, very important. Number one, there is a provision in the manager’s amendment that pro-vides for the Corps of Engineers to take a fresh look at the old river control structure, a structure that diverts 70 percent of the water on the Mississippi River system down the Mississippi, and 30 percent down the Atchafalaya. That is a rigid structure that dates back decades and decades. It has not been revisited. The science has not been updated. It does not reflect the fact that we have additional moni-toring stations; and so the plan, a rigid 70/30 split, doesn’t maximize benefits to the lower system. We could be maximizing crawfish production, coastal restoration, navi-gation features, flood control, and oth-ers, and it is not happening. So, Mr. Chairman, this amendment is designed to address that, to direct the Corps of Engineers to modernize this, to ensure that current best science is being ap-plied; to ensure that the monitoring stations are being used and that we are having the best outcomes for ecologi-cal productivity, for coastal restora-tion, for navigation, and, importantly, for flood control, and then stop this rigid, antiquated system of an artifi-cial 70/30 split. Secondly, the amendment also pro-vides for a pilot program for 5 years for an operations and maintenance con-tract, a 5-year operations and mainte-nance contract; instead of coming in and offering dredging contracts only when there is a shoal that has devel-oped, instead, coming in and offering a longer term contract, over a 5-year pe-riod, and ensuring that navigation channels are certain that the naviga-bility of these channels at the port fa-cilities are accessible. In many cases, vessels may actually start weeks in advance trying to get to the United States, and if these NAV channels aren’t maintained, these boats don’t have options but to divert to other ports that are lighter. It is ex-pensive. We need to ensure the predict-ability and the certainty of our naviga-tion channels, and the manager’s amendment addresses that as well. I want to thank the chairman again, Mr. S
HUSTER , for including that. I want to thank Mr. D
EFAZIO and Ranking Member N
APOLITANO for their work with us on that manager’s amendment and those important provisions. b1830 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman of the Sub-committee on Water Resources and En-vironment for his hard work on this piece of legislation. I appreciate all of his efforts and his knowledge he put into making sure that bill is a good product. Concerning Mr. COSTA ’s amendment, again, I believe it is a good amend-ment. It builds on WRDA 2016 on Corps- owned-and-operated dams, so I urge all of my colleagues to support it. I accept the amendment at this time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 51 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 51 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 42, line 24, insert ‘‘In making such in-formation publicly available, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, endeavor to provide such information to all adjoining residential stakeholders of real property to which the Army Corps of Engi-neers holds an interest therein.’’ after ‘‘holds an interest.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, my amend-ment would direct the Secretary of the Army to endeavor to inform all resi-dential property stakeholders of ad-joining Army Corps of Engineers’ inter-est in their adjacent property. Section 137 of this bill would expand public access to residential real estate data by placing information related to all real property data that the Army Corps holds an interest in online. Not all constituents have easy access to the internet. Elderly constituents may not be able to easily search information about Army Corps projects online. Thus, my amendment would expand access to the real estate information by directing the Secretary of the Army, to the max-imum extent practicable, to endeavor to provide such information to all ad-joining residential stakeholders of real estate with which the Corps holds an interest. By informing residential stake-holders, we will ensure they are aware of how Army Corps property interests might influence their property values, the enjoyment of their property, or their way of life. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for offering this amend-ment. This amendment does clarify the responsibilities of the Corps with re-spect to their rural neighbors, which for me, coming from rural Pennsyl-vania, it is extremely important, and I appreciate the gentleman offering this amendment. I am prepared to accept it at this time, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MR . PAULSEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 52 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 54, beginning on line 5, strike ‘‘the Secretary may not complete’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the Senate on—’’ on line 9 and insert ‘‘the Secretary shall expedite completion of such study and shall produce a report on the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam that is separate from any report on any other lock or dam included in such study that includes plans for—’’. Page 54, line 10, strike ‘‘the feasibility of’’. Page 54, line 15, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 54, line 16, strike ‘‘the preservation of’’ and insert ‘‘a partial disposition of the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam fa-cility and surrounding real property that preserves’’. Page 54, line 18, strike the first period and insert ‘‘; and’’ and strike the closing quotation marks and second period and in-sert the following: ‘‘(3) expediting the disposition described in this subsection (d).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chair, in offering this amendment, let me just start by letting folks know that I am offering this with my colleague, Representative E
LLISON , who could not be with us today. Back in 2015 there was a bipartisan coalition of Minnesota lawmakers working with the folks on the com-mittee, acting to protect Minnesota’s northern lakes and rivers from the spread of invasive species: specifically, Asian carp. Asian carp have spread up the Mis-sissippi River System compromising water quality and crowding out native fish and sensitive species. So Congress stepped in and decided to instruct the Army Corps of Engineers to close the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock to com-mercial navigation to help mitigate the threat of the northern migration of this invasive species. With the upper lock closed, the Corps of Engineers undertook a disposition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.159 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4842 June 6, 2018 
study of the lock and dam facility, and a vision for a visitor and interpretive center at that site became a consensus goal of the committee. The city of Min-neapolis and the Minneapolis Park and Recreation Board passed resolutions supporting repurposing the lock. My amendment would expedite this study and expand upon this work by authorizing a study looking into modi-fications to the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam to preserve and enhance recreation opportunities for the space, as well as preserve the health of the ecosystem and maintain portions of the lock and dam necessary to help maintain flood control. Now, the upper lock, which is located in the heart of the Twin Cities, is at the only major waterfall on the entire length of the Mississippi River. It pre-sents a very unique opportunity to transform the waterfront of the Twin Cities. It is within the St. Anthony Falls Historic District. It is culturally, historically, and recreationally signifi-cant to the city and to our State. The Central Riverfront is a jewel of the State, and the Stone Arch Bridge and St. Anthony Falls are two iconic Minnesota features. The public interest here cannot be overstated, Mr. Chair-man. There are several adopted plans for the area as a result, by the city, by the park board, by the downtown coun-cil, local neighborhoods, and the St. Anthony Falls Heritage Board. So, now, local governments have all come together, reflecting a readiness and a commitment to engage in this project. The upper lock disposition study should, therefore, move forward expedi-tiously. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, Subcommittee Chairman G
RAVES , for working with me on this amendment. I also want to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative E
LLISON , who couldn’t be with us. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, although I do not oppose it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague from Minnesota for his hard work and good work on this solid amendment. These changes are bipartisan, and as I said, I really appreciate his efforts on this. I am pre-pared to accept the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman and my colleagues again for supporting the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
UTHER -
FORD ). The question is on the amend-ment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ). The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . MOULTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 53 printed in part A of House Report 115–711. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title I the following: 
SEC. ll. CORPS OF ENGINEERS CONTINUING AUTHORITIES PROGRAM. 
Section 3(c) of the Act of August 13, 1946 (60 Stat. 1056, chapter 960; 33 U.S.C. 426g(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$30,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$45,000,000’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$15,000,000’’. Page 55, line 1, strike ‘‘$3,000,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,150,000,000’’. Page 57, line 24, strike ‘‘$3,000,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$3,150,000,000’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment to the Water Resources Development Act, which will increase funding for the Army Corps of Engineers’ storm and hurricane restoration and impact mini-mization program. As communities across the country come together to rebuild in the wake of unprecedented storms, this program funds vital coastal resiliency projects across the Nation. I emphasize ‘‘resil-iency’’ because part of what this pro-gram does is save money by making cost-effective investments now that will prevent that money from having to be spent on costly recovery efforts in the future. Over the past year, severe storms and hurricanes have devastated commu-nities throughout our country, costing us billions of dollars in recovery ef-forts. We know that severe weather patterns are occurring at a more fre-quent rate, and with the 2018 hurricane season fast approaching, the cities and towns along our coasts need more re-sources to minimize the impacts of flooding, storm surges, and coastal ero-sion. What we don’t need are more out-dated government projects that are wasting taxpayer dollars. And by cut-ting these, we fund the increases to this program. That makes this amend-ment fully offset and budget neutral. Cities and towns in my district and throughout the country are undergoing studies to assess the feasibility of im-plementing beach erosion and control projects under the storm and hurricane restoration and impact minimization program today. By raising the cap on this program’s authorization, we can ensure that the vital resources pro-vided by the Army Corps are available to more districts throughout the coun-try. There are States across the Nation that have already benefited from this program, from Alabama to Louisiana, from Alaska to Florida, Ohio, Virginia, New Jersey, and Indiana. All of these States, in addition to my home State of Massachusetts, have benefited from this innovative program. I am proud to have bipartisan sup-port, and I think we need to come to-gether to support this commonsense solution that will empower us to pro-tect our coastal communities by leveraging private sector innovation to enhance coastal ecosystems, promote recreation, and save taxpayer dollars. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for offering this amendment, the program that assists communities in their ef-forts to recover and adapt to severe weather and natural disasters. It is a solid amendment. I support the amend-ment and accept it at this time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chair, I would just like to thank the chairman for his help in supporting this amendment, and ushering it through the process. I think it is a good amendment, and I am proud to have bipartisan support for it. Mr. Chair, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. N
APOLITANO ). Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I just want to take this time, since this is the last amendment, to thank Chair-man S
HUSTER and Ranking Member G
RAVES for their support, but most of all, I want to thank our staff: Ryan Seiger, Mike Brain, Joe Sheehy, my own personal staff; but mostly, the leg-islative counsel, Kakuti Lin—it is a hard name—they worked tirelessly; and, of course, your staff, the Repub-lican staff that worked with our staffs so well. And I thank Mr. S
HUSTER . This is an example of bipartisan work on this WRDA bill. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
OULTON ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
AULSEN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 8) to provide for im-provements to the rivers and harbors of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.165 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4843 June 6, 2018 
the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Reso-lution 918, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with sundry further amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. b1845 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Vela´zquez moves to recommit the bill H.R. 8 to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1ll. POST-HURRICANE RECOVERY AND RE-SILIENCY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) On August 26, 2017, Hurricane Harvey, a Category 4 storm, made landfall in Texas, re-sulting in 103 deaths in Texas alone. (2) Approximately 336,000 Texas residents were left without electricity, and more than 17,000 homes sustained major damage. (3) All in all, Hurricane Harvey tied with Hurricane Katrina as the costliest tropical cyclone on record in the United States, caus-ing $125 billion in damage. (4) On September 6, 2017, Hurricane Irma, a devastating Category 5 storm, raked across the United States Virgin Islands with re-ported wind gusts of 225 miles per hour, kill-ing four people. (5) Soon after, on September 10, Hurricane Irma ripped across Florida with sustained wind speeds of 112 miles per hour. (6) Hurricane Irma resulted in 84 deaths and caused $50 billion in damage in Florida, making it the costliest hurricane in Florida history. (7) Two weeks after Hurricane Irma struck the United States Virgin Islands, Hurricane Maria, also a devastating Category 5 storm, struck the United States Virgin Islands, kill-ing three people and leaving more than 13,000 structures roofless and 100,000 people without power or other essential public facilities such as running water. (8) On September 20, 2017, Hurricane Maria, by then a Category 4 storm, reached the shores of Puerto Rico with sustained winds of 155 miles per hour. (9) The impacts of Hurricane Maria and Hurricane Irma were catastrophic, with widespread devastation, uprooted trees, downing of weather stations and cell towers, and destruction and damage to homes throughout the islands. (10) Hurricane Maria caused all 3.3 million people in Puerto Rico to lose electricity, and access to clean water and food became lim-ited to most. (11) According to recent press reports, full electrical power to Puerto Rico may not be restored until July or August of 2018, almost one full year after Hurricane Maria made landfall; this blackout is estimated to be the longest blackout in the history of the United States. (12) Thousands of people, many more than the Commonwealth’s estimate of 64, died in Puerto Rico as a result of the 2017 hurri-canes, according to at least one recent study; health publications, such as the New Eng-land Journal of Medicine, have attributed this increase to the health care disruption for the elderly and the loss of basic utility services for the chronically ill. (13) Despite the devastating impacts of the 2017 hurricane season, and the fact that, close to one year after landfall of Hurricane Maria, a significant percentage of Puerto Rico’s population remains without basic pub-lic utility services, President Trump believes his administration’s response to the natural disaster deserves a grade of 10 out of 10. (14) Despite the dedicated humanitarian ef-forts of thousands of Corps of Engineers per-sonnel in Puerto Rico since the 2017 hurri-canes, the Secretary has not yet fully re-stored and increased the resiliency of the is-land’s public infrastructure. (b) RESTORATION AND RESILIENCY OF PUBLIC  I
NFRASTRUCTURE .—The Secretary shall take all necessary and proper actions to restore, and increase the resiliency of, public infra-structure in the continental United States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands for which the Secretary is responsible and that was dam-aged as a result of Hurricane Harvey, Hurri-cane Irma, or Hurricane Maria. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, as we debate today, Puerto Rico continues to reel from the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, a once- in-a-generation disaster that fueled a humanitarian crisis. Nearly all 3.3 mil-lion residents of Puerto Rico lost power following the hurricane. Drink-able water and adequate food supplies became scarce throughout the island. Many have since endured the longest blackout in U.S. history. We all remember when President Trump went to Puerto Rico last Sep-tember. While he was there, he said that—based on the then-reported 16 deaths—Maria was not ‘‘a real catas-trophe. . . .’’ Every day it becomes increasingly clear how out of touch that statement was, and every day the magnitude of this disaster becomes clearer, as does the incompetence of this administra-tion’s response. Just last week, the Harvard School of Public Health released a new estimate suggesting the death toll is stagger-ingly higher than previously thought. The Harvard study is just an estimate. However, if the number most often cited from that report—4,645—proves accurate, then Maria would rank as the second worst natural disaster in U.S. history. No matter what the President said, that is a real catastrophe. Now, as Puerto Rico continues strug-gling as thousands still do not have electricity and as we still do not know the total number of lives lost, we are entering another hurricane season. Yet Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands re-main vulnerable should another storm come barreling out of the Atlantic into the Caribbean and make landfall. We should remember the 2017 hurri-cane season was not just devastating for the Caribbean. We cannot forget how the Houston area suffered under Hurricane Harvey. Houston’s layout and the city’s infrastructure also proved vulnerable to the flooding, caus-ing $125 billion in damage. Yet despite 2017 being one of the worst in history for natural disasters and even though we are entering another hurricane sea-son, our public infrastructure systems remain vulnerable. The motion to recommit is very straightforward. It would ask the Sec-retary of the Army Corps to work to restore and strengthen the resiliency of public infrastructure in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and in the mainland for areas damaged by Maria, Irma, and Harvey. This is common sense. It will mean we are better prepared for the next major hurricane. It could poten-tially save lives. In Puerto Rico, for instance, this would allow needed upgrades to the Guajataca Dam. The 90-year-old dam, located on the northeastern shore of the island and owned by Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, was severely damaged after Maria. While the Corps did good work preventing the collapse of the dam, this was a temporary band- aid. American families living in Puerto Rico still face imminent danger. The Corps should invest in this critical in-frastructure project seeking to prevent future damage from another storm. In other areas throughout Puerto Rico, rivers, lakes, and wetlands serve literally as sinks for water to drain into. To control massive flooding in the next hurricane season, the Corps needs to make the necessary invest-ments for flood control, something else this motion will help advance. Mr. Speaker, sadly, the administra-tion largely abandoned Puerto Rico after Maria. Now we are learning the death toll from this tragedy will be heartbreakingly high. This Congress has a moral obligation to do every-thing possible to prevent future deaths and to protect our fellow citizens. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.168 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4844 June 6, 2018 
is what this motion to recommit will do. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my col-leagues to support this motion to re-commit, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the mo-tion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I oppose the motion to recommit. This bill, H.R. 8, has many benefits to all 50 States and the territories, including Puerto Rico. It was put together in a bipar-tisan manner. We just here today adopted over 50 amendments in a bipar-tisan manner. This bill asserts congressional au-thority and continues regular order of the Corps of Engineers in authorizing these programs. It is fiscally respon-sible. We fully offset new projects. Fi-nally, it keeps American jobs by strengthening our competitiveness en-suring that our transportation system remains attractive to private-sector jobs, so I oppose the motion to recom-mit. This being my last WRDA bill that I will ever be able to shepherd through the House, I am proud to be here. Hope-fully we are going to have a conference report in the near future to be able to pass that on the House floor, but I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, I am very, very proud of my term as chairman. One of the accomplishments I am most proud of is getting WRDA back on regular order, every Congress authorizing these important programs so that the Corps can move forward and the American people can benefit by these programs. Again, I want to, first off, thank my Democratic colleagues and the Demo-cratic staff on the other side of the aisle for their work, working together closely on this bill. Of course, I couldn’t get this done without my dedi-cated staff who have worked so tire-lessly, not only on this bill but over the past 5 years, and I thank them from the bottom of my heart. Mr. Speaker, a personal point of order that I would like to take is that in 2016 when we passed the WRDA bill, September 28, 2016, I woke up that morning and found out that my mother had passed away. But I could hear her voice in my head saying: Go to work. Do your job. We came to work that day, and we were able to pass the WRDA bill in 2016. I was so proud that, as always, she was on my shoulder. This morning I woke up and didn’t think about the date until I realized today, June 6, is my mother’s birthday. It would have been her birthday. So, again, my moth-er who was always my greatest sup-porter and my greatest cheerleader was here again with me today. I can hear her voice telling me: Make sure you do your work. Our family chain is broken, and noth-ing seems to be the same. But as God calls one by one, that chain will link again. And today, as strong as ever, that link with my mother is with me. I want to thank my mother. I know she is watching down. Patricia Shuster, as always, is sitting on my shoulder, root-ing me on to victory. So, again, today I am very, very proud of the WRDA bill. I am proud we are doing it on June 6, my mother’s birthday. Again, I thank everybody on both sides of the aisle for their efforts. Again, I oppose the motion to recom-mit and urge all my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 8, the Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 54 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1908 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) at 7 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3, SPENDING CUTS TO EXPIRED AND UNNECESSARY PROGRAMS ACT Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–712) on the resolution (H. Res. 923) providing for further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5895) making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3) to rescind certain budget authority pro-posed to be rescinded in special mes-sages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accord-ance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2100 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia) at 9 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The motion to recommit on H.R.; Passage of H.R. 8, if ordered; and Adoption of the motion to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3249. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 8) to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and devel-opment of water and related resources, and for other purposes, offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 180, nays 227, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 237] YEAS—180 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.170 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4845 June 6, 2018 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NAYS—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—20 
Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Davis, Danny DeFazio Ellison Fortenberry Gallego Granger Lee Lynch McNerney Noem Palazzo Perlmutter Polis Sherman Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
b2125 Messrs. RUTHERFORD, McCLIN-TOCK, JENKINS of West Virginia, Mrs. BLACK, Mr. GARRETT, Mmes. LOVE and HARTZLER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mrs. NAPOLITANO, Ms. ROYBAL- ALLARD, and Mr. CLYBURN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 408, noes 2, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 238] AYES—408 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.083 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4846 June 6, 2018 
Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—2 
Amash Jones 
NOT VOTING—17 
Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (MI) DeFazio Ellison Fortenberry Lee Lynch McNerney Noem Palazzo Perlmutter Polis Sherman Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b2132 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZA-TION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill (H.R. 3249) to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes, of-fered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to concur. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 394, nays 13, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 239] YEAS—394 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—13 
Amash Biggs Buck Gaetz Gohmert Gosar Jones Jordan Labrador Massie McClintock Perry Sanford 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Lowey Richmond 
NOT VOTING—18 
Aguilar Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (MI) DeFazio Ellison Fortenberry Lee Lynch McNerney Noem Palazzo Perlmutter Polis Sherman Walz Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b2138 So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today re-garding missed votes due to a medical issue. Had I been present for rollcall vote No. 237, the Motion to Recommit H.R. 8, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for rollcall vote No. 238, H.R. 8, the Water Resources Development Act of 2018, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Had I been present for rollcall vote No. 239, the Senate Amendment to H.R. 3249, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 8, WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that in the engross-ment of H.R. 8, the Clerk be authorized to correct section numbers, punctua-tion, amendatory instructions, and cross-references, and to make such other technical and conforming changes as may be necessary to accu-rately reflect the actions of the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
THE MEN WHO STORMED NORMANDY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to remember and honor the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.084 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4847 June 6, 2018 
men who stormed the beaches of Nor-mandy 74 years ago today, June 6, 1944, known as D-Day. The largest amphib-ious assault in the history of the world was also one of the bloodiest. By the end of the day, 10,000 Allied soldiers were killed or wounded. But with that, the irreversible libera-tion of Nazi-occupied Europe had begun, and just a couple of years later, it would be complete. It is now 74 years again from that day, and most of those who were there to witness it are no longer with us. It sometimes seems we may forget that sacrifice that they and many oth-ers made so that we could all be free— liberate Europe and keep America safe. We must not lose sight of what is im-portant. The obstacles we face today do not compare with the nightmare our fa-thers and grandfathers faced on those beaches. On D-Day, Allied soldiers in-deed carried the weight of the free world on their shoulders. The Nazi threat was obviously very real, and that threat was soon defeated. I pray that this generation and the next recognizes the gravity of this her-oism, never forgets, and takes into ac-count what it takes to remain free as a nation and as a people that love free-dom and export that freedom. 
f 
BARRY FAILE NAMED THE 2018 SHERIFF OF THE YEAR (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to announce to the 115th session of Congress that Lan-caster County Sheriff Barry Faile was named the 2018 Sheriff of the Year by the South Carolina Sheriffs Associa-tion. This honor was bestowed on Sher-iff Faile by his peers representing 46 counties. He began his career in law enforce-ment 29 years ago where he began as a patrol deputy in 1989 and moved through the ranks of every department until 2009 when he was elected sheriff. Under the leadership of Sheriff Faile, the accomplishments include: national accreditation of his office; implementa-tion of body cameras; Neighborhood Crime Watch programs grown from 12 neighborhoods to 37 in 2 years; and cre-ation of the first Crowd Control Unit in 2017. In 2011, Sheriff Faile led the agency through a gang investigation resulting in one of the first grand jury indict-ments by the State Attorney’s office of 15 local gang members, along with the arrest of local members of the Hells Angels as part of a statewide crack-down. His commitment to the local Lan-caster community includes serving as a board member of Springs Memorial Hospital, the Rotary Breakfast Club, and the USC Lancaster Educational Foundation. He is currently the president of the South Carolina Sheriffs Association. Sheriff Faile is only the third person in our area to win this prestigious award. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today and June 7 until 5 p.m. on account of a family medical matter. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 46 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, June 7, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5029. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Bi-ennial Core Report to Congress, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2464(d); Public Law 112-239, Sec. 322(d); (126 Stat. 1695); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5030. A letter from the Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, transmitting the Annual Report to Congress on the Ac-tivities of the Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation for 2017, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 343(i); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 107-314, Sec. 932(a)(1)); (116 Stat. 2625); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5031. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting the Peri-odic Report on the National Emergency Caused by the Lapse of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 for August 26, 2017, to February 25, 2018, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 5032. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the Western Balkans that was declared in Executive Order 13219 of June 26, 2001, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5033. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to North Korea that was declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5034. A letter from the Acting Director, International Cooperation, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, trans-mitting Transmittal No. 08-18, informing of the Department’s intent to sign Amendment One to the Memorandum of Understanding Among the Minister of National Defence of Canada, the Federal Ministry of Defence of the Federal Republic of Germany, the Min-ister of Defence of the Kingdom of the Neth-erlands, and the Department of Defense of the United States of America, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act, and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5035. A letter from the Federal Co-Chair, Appalachian Regional Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s semiannual report of the Inspector General for the period Octo-ber 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5036. A letter from the Chairman and Gen-eral Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, Office of the Inspector General, trans-mitting the Board’s Semiannual Report of the Office of Inspector General for the period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, pur-suant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5037. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, U.S. Department of Justice, transmitting an FY 2019 Estimate for the Volunteers at Feder-ally Supported Health Centers Assistance Act community health centers funded by 42 U.S.C. Sec. 233(k), pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 233(q)(4)(B)(i); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title II, Sec. 224(q)(4)(B)(i) (as amended by Public Law 114-255, Sec. 9025); (130 Stat. 1254); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5038. A letter from the Staff Director, United States Sentencing Commission, transmitting a report on the compliance of the federal district courts with documenta-tion submission requirements of 28 U.S.C. 994(w)(1), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 994(w)(3); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5039. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Monongahela, Allegheny, and Ohio Rivers, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania [Docket Number: USCG-2018-0224] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5040. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Monongahela, Allegheny, and Ohio Rivers, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania [Docket Number: USCG-2018-0320] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5041. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; SF State University Graduation Fireworks Dis-play, San Francisco Bay, San Francisco, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0420] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5042. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Laguna Madre, South Padre Island, TX [Docket Number: USCG-2018-0444] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5043. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.180 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4848 June 6, 2018 
Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River mile marker 27.8 to mile marker 28.2, Vanport, PA [Docket Number: USCG-2018- 0441] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5044. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Bay- Rama Fish Fly Festival, Lake St. Clair, New Baltimore, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0425] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5045. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Grosse Pointe War Memorial Red, White, and Blue Gala Fireworks, Lake St. Clair, Grosse Pointe, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0266] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5046. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; St. Clair Shores Fireworks, Lake St. Clair, St. Clair Shores, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2018- 0384] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 5047. A letter from the Attorney, CG-LRA, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s rule — Safety Zone; Navy Underwater Deto-nation (UNDET) Exercises, GU [Docket Number: USCG-2017-0651] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5048. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Corpus Christi Ship Channel, Corpus Christi, TX [Docket Number: USCG-2018-0339] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5049. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio Street Beach Swim Course, Lake Michigan, Chicago Har-bor, Chicago, IL [Docket Number: USCG- 2017-1066] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5050. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Tuskegee Airman River Days Air Show, De-troit River, Detroit, MI [Docket No.: USCG- 2018-0368] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5051. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Algonac Fireworks, St. Clair River, Algonac, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0248] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5052. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Neches River, Beaumont, TX [Docket No.: USCG- 2018-0376] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 923. Resolution providing for fur-ther consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3) to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Con-gress by the President on May 8, 2018, in ac-cordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974 (Rept. 115–712). Referred to the House Cal-endar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, and Mr. R
USSELL ): H.R. 6012. A bill to require reports on North Korea’s nuclear capabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself and Mr. B
ERGMAN ): H.R. 6013. A bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to establish January 31 of each year as the Federal closing date for duck hunting season and to establish special duck hunting days for youths, veterans, and active military personnel, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania (for himself, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. S
TEFANIK , and Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER ): H.R. 6014. A bill to reauthorize the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. D OG-
GETT , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 6015. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the tax on cer-tain global intangible income; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. K
HANNA ): H.R. 6016. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require the development of a bus operations safety risk reduction pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself and Ms. MATSUI ): H.R. 6017. A bill to amend the National Telecommunications and Information Ad-ministration Organization Act to provide for necessary payments from the Spectrum Re-location Fund for costs of spectrum research and development and planning activities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself and Mr. K
EATING ): H.R. 6018. A bill to establish an inter-agency program to assist countries in the Sahel, Maghreb, and adjacent regions of Afri-ca to improve immediate and long-term ca-pabilities to counter terrorist threats, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 6019. A bill to establish a penalty for the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment for failure to enforce compliance with the public housing community service and self-sufficiency requirement under law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-self, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. T
ROTT , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M ITCH-
ELL, Mr. W ALBERG , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. U
PTON , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. A MASH ): H.R. 6020. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 325 South Michigan Avenue in Howell, Michi-gan, as the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. G
ON-
ZALEZ of Texas): H.R. 6021. A bill to amend the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 to exclude privately held, non-custody brokers and dealers that are in good standing from certain requirements under title I of that Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. V
ELA, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. C OSTA ): H.R. 6022. A bill to amend the Fair Pack-aging and Labeling Act to require that Fed-eral and State mandated information dec-larations and labeling requirements applica-ble to the chemical composition of, and radi-ation emitted by, consumer products meet minimum scientific standards to deliver ac-curate and clear information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6023. A bill to terminate the Economic Development Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6024. A bill to provide for the imple-mentation of a system of licensing for pur-chasers of certain firearms and for a record of sale system for those firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06JN7.000 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4849 June 6, 2018 
By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6025. A bill to enhance the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program to assist law en-forcement agencies in protecting law en-forcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JONES (for himself and Ms. G
ABBARD ): H. Res. 922. A resolution defining presi-dential wars not declared by Congress under Article I, section 8, clause 11 (Declare War Clause) as impeachable ‘‘high crimes and misdemeanors’’ within the meaning of Arti-cle II, section 4 of the Constitution and de-fining the meanings of war and cobellig-erency for purposes of the Declare War Clause and Impeachment provisions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H. Res. 924. A resolution commending Turkish Americans nationwide for their rich contributions to American cultural, social, economic, and civic life, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself, Ms. M
OORE , and Mr. M EEKS ): H. Res. 925. A resolution Recognizing peo-ple of African descent and Black Europeans; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. S IRES, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. H
ARRIS , and Mr. M CCAUL): H. Res. 926. A resolution condemning Rus-sian transgressions against international law and FIFA values during the 2018 World Cup in Russia; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
206. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Hawaii, relative to House Resolution No. 119, urging the United States Congress to support and fund the scientific study of fire-arms violence and prevention; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 207. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Illinois, relative to Senate Resolu-tion No. 1153, urging the U.S. Congress to support funding for the research of Lyme dis-ease and to further promote awareness of the effects of Lyme disease in the United States; which was referred to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 208. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Hawaii, relative to House Resolution No. 29, requesting the Congressional delegation of Hawaii and the Unites States Congress to oppose ‘‘Concealed Carry Reciprocity’’ legislation; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 209. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to Senate Con-current Memorial 1016, urging the President and Congress of the United States to swiftly renegotiate and ratify the North American Free Trade Agreement to maintain the glob-al competitiveness of Arizona’s businesses and citizens; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 6012. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 6013. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws, which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into the Execution the forgoing Powers, and for all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Of-fice thereof.’’ By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6014. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 6015. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mrs. NAPOLITANO: H.R. 6016. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 6017. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 6018. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. BIGGS: H.R. 6019. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6020. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, which provides that Congress shall have the authority to ‘‘estab-lish post offices and post roads.’’ By Mr. HILL: H.R. 6021. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 6022. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 (Commerce) and 18 (Necessary and Proper) By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6023. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6024. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to . . . provide for the . . . general welfare of the United States.’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate commerce . . . among the several states . . .’’ Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this constitution in the govern-ment of the United States . . .’’ By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6025. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 3: Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Ms. F
OXX. H.R. 178: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 350: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 365: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 485: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 592: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 712: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 721: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 737: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 754: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Mr. K
IND. H.R. 778: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 856: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1038: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1171: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. C ARSON of In- diana, and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1212: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 1225: Ms. E
SHOO and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 1272: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 1279: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 1300: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 1444: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H.R. 1511: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1515: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 1606: Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana and Mrs. W
AGNER . H.R. 1639: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1651: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. D
OGGETT , and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 1661: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 1676: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 1683: Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. B ERGMAN , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 1734: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 1739: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1838: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1881: Mrs. L
ESKO , Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 1904: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 1928: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 2043: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. C UM-
MINGS . H.R. 2212: Mr. O’R
OURKE and Mr. R ENACCI . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06JN7.100 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4850 June 6, 2018 
H.R. 2215: Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 2267: Mr. B
ERAand Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 2315: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2327: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 2358: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. C ULBERSON , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. E VANS , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2401: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 2452: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 2472: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2495: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2572: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 2625: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 2651: Mr. G
OMEZ , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 2851: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 2856: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 2871: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 2885: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2976: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. W ESTERMAN . H.R. 3124: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 3207: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 3272: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. M ENG, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. K EATING , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 3395: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 3560: Mr. V
ARGAS and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 3600: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, and Mr. M ITCH-
ELL. H.R. 3635: Mr. C
RAMER and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 3641: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 3711: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 3740: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 3861: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 3867: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3988: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 4253: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 4274: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 4276: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 4392: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 4410: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 4473: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 4525: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4537: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4575: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4647: Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. B ACON , Mr. R
EICHERT , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 4704: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 4732: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 4760: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 4824: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 4841: Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. B ACON , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 4843: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska. H.R. 4859: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 4914: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 4932: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 4941: Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 4944: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 4977: Mr. S
HUSTER . H.R. 4985: Mr. W
ILLIAMS and Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4991: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 5031: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 5085: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 5121: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 5129: Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. W ALZ, and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5138: Mr. H
OLDING and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 5153: Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5187: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 5191: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5220: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 5241: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. V ELA, and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 5282: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 5306: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5343: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5358: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. L AHOOD, and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 5363: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5385: Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5410: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 5414: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 5417: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 5427: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 5452: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 5457: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 5460: Mr. H
URD, Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5474: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 5476: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 5500: Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. W ALKER , and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 5524: Mr. P
OEof Texas and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 5551: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 5588: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 5609: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 5621: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 5640: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. D
UFFY . H.R. 5641: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5671: Mr. M
OULTON , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5694: Mr. M
ASTand Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 5735: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 5760: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 5780: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 5795: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B ERA, and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 5849: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5854: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5861: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 5876: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 5880: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 5884: Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . H.R. 5908: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5928: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5934: Mr. H
ILL, Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 5941: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.R. 5946: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 5950: Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 5954: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 5955: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 5977: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. L EE, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5985: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 5991: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 6005: Mr. G
ARAMENDI and Mr. V ELA. H.J. Res. 134: Mr. H
OLDING . H.J. Res. 135: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. G
OHMERT . H. Con. Res. 72: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 650: Mr. K
INDand Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H. Res. 673: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H. Res. 766: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H. Res. 781: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H. Res. 785: Mr. B
UCK. H. Res. 826: Mr. C
HABOT . H. Res. 864: Mr. S
IRES, Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H. Res. 870: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H. Res. 907: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 920: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. SHUSTER  The provisions of H.R. 8, the Water Re-sources Development Act of 2018, that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of House Rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative B
ILLSHUSTER , or a designee, to H.R. 8, the Water Resources Development Act of 2018, does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House Rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
107. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the County Council of Prince George’s Coun-ty, MD, relative to Resolution No. CR-24- 2018, declaring the Prince George’s County Council’s opposition to the proposal to trans-fer the Baltimore-Washington Parkway from the National Park Service; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:45 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.068 H06JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3001 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 6, 2018 No. 93 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:02 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
OM C
OTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God, Sovereign over us all, thank You for healing our hearts, minds, and bodies when we turn to You. Lord, we are grateful that You desire for us to prosper and be in physical health even as our souls prosper. Guard and guide our lawmakers so that their work will enable us to live in peace and justice with one another. Lord, use them to bring order and calm to our vulnerable Nation and world. As they seek to do Your will, may our Senators bring beauty from ashes, clar-ity from confusion, and harmony from discord. Fill them with the power of Your Holy Spirit, that they may right-fully represent You. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 6, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable TOMCOTTON , a Sen- ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. COTTON thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion to resume consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Annemarie Car-ney Axon, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, yes-terday the majority leader announced that the Senate would remain in ses-sion during much of the planned Au-gust recess. President Trump tweeted: ‘‘Great. Maybe the Democrats will fi-nally get something done other than their acceptance of high crime and high taxes.’’ As usual, the President’s tweet makes little sense given that Re-publicans control both Houses of Con-gress. But I agree with the President on one thing: Canceling the recess is a great opportunity to get something done. In fact, I have a suggestion for what Congress should do. How about this, Mr. President? Why don’t we get something done on the issue that nu-merous polls say is the No. 1 priority of Americans—healthcare. We Democrats—our entire caucus— believe this previously unscheduled session time could be put to good use to finally help Americans secure af-fordable healthcare that the President and congressional Republicans have thus far failed to deliver. Before being sworn in, President Trump promised to deliver healthcare that was ‘‘far less expensive and far better.’’ Those are his words. But since he has taken of-fice, President Trump has completely dropped the ball on healthcare. Instead of shoring up our healthcare system and driving down costs, President Trump and Republicans have sabotaged our healthcare system and driven up costs. Yesterday, Maine and Pennsylvania joined a growing list of States that will see higher healthcare rates thanks to the policies of the Trump administra-tion and congressional Republicans. In States such as Virginia, Maryland, New York, and Washington, rate increases are in double digits. One PPO plan in Maryland requested a rate increase of 91 percent. And when you ask these CEOs of companies why their rates are going up, many of them cite Trump ad-ministration policies and congressional Republican policies. Again, the No. 1 issue affecting Americans is the high cost of healthcare. My Republican colleagues are busy touting tax breaks. If you are very wealthy, you got a big break. If you are a middle-class person, far too often, your increase in your premiums exceeds your tax break. Let’s do something to put more money—net more money—in the pock-ets of working class people. Let’s spend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.000 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3002 June 6, 2018 
August working on healthcare. Folks were already paying too much for healthcare in the form of premiums, out-of-pocket expenses, and the eye- popping costs of so many prescription drugs. Now all of those costs are going up because ‘‘the unified Republican government’’ has done little to bring down the high cost of healthcare, and what it has done has made the situa-tion worse. Again, President Trump has dropped the ball on healthcare, and the August recess is a time to recover and do something good. President Trump de-liberately sowed uncertainty in the healthcare marketplace as a way to make a political point against ObamaCare, and then congressional Re-publicans repealed the coverage re-quirement in their tax bill. Health in-surers from coast to coast cite the re-peal of the coverage requirement as one of the major reasons they are in-creasing rates next year. Just last night, a report issued by the Trump administration itself showed that Medicare is going insolvent faster than expected. What caused it? In part it is the Republican tax bill and ‘‘the repeal of the individual mandate, which increased the estimate of the number of uninsured, in turn leading to a large increase in uncompensated care payments.’’ Again, the tax bill led to Medicare being less solvent and run-ning out of money sooner. In short order, the Trump adminis-tration will make things worse. They will be offering junk insurance plans that will bring back the dark days when Americans with preexisting con-ditions faced higher premiums, denied care, and medical bankruptcy. We now have a few extra weeks in August. What will be No. 1 on the American people’s list? It is not the things Leader M
CCONNELL mentioned, falsely blaming Democrats when appro-priations aren’t moving along well, and he brags about how many appoint-ments he has made to the bench. No, the No. 1 thing Americans want is healthcare, and we Democrats will spend the August recess focusing on that issue and forcing our Republicans to either cast votes or deny votes on those important issues. It is a great op-portunity not just for Democrats, not just for Republicans, but for America. We are going to do it. We already have an agenda ready to go, and we are going to push for votes on these meas-ures in August. One, we want to expand access to Medicare. Many of us Democrats in this caucus believe 55 should be the age when you can buy in. Loads of Ameri-cans support that. Two, we want to increase tax breaks to help families afford the cost of healthcare. Three, we want to create a national reinsurance program to lower pre-miums. Four, we want to ensure that people with preexisting conditions don’t get denied and priced out of insurance due to an expansion of junk insurance. Five, we want to lower the sky-rocketing costs of drugs. President Trump should stay in Washington. No Mar-a-Lago, Mr. President, no golf all the time. You have taken so many vacations, while you criticize others. It is typical—the double standard that he seems to exhibit every 10 min-utes. President Trump should stay in Washington with us, roll up his sleeves, and get to work on making healthcare great again. TRADE WITH CHINA  
Now, Mr. President, on another mat-ter, one that I talked to the Acting President pro tempore about this morning—our trade negotiations with China—as I said many times before, I am closer to President Trump on trade with China than I was to either Presi-dent Obama or President Bush. I want our President to succeed in winning real concessions from the Chinese on longstanding issues, like intellectual property theft and market access. I be-lieve that unlike previous Presidents, President Trump was serious about being tough on China to achieve our goals. But week after week, I keep reading reports that President Trump and his team are not being tough with China. They are conciliatory or accom-modating, whether it is our national security or our economic security, where China is now eating our lunch. Yesterday it was reported that the Trump administration would agree to relax penalties on the Chinese telecom giant ZTE. If the reports are true about a sweetheart deal for ZTE, Presi-dent Trump has put China first, not America first. If these reports are true, once again, President Xi has outfoxed President Trump, the so-called deal maker. ZTE has repeatedly violated U.S. sanctions and lied to U.S. officials about their efforts to rectify those vio-lations. Their technology has been deemed a national security threat by the FCC, the FBI, and the Pentagon. Again, let me repeat that. Their tech-nology is a national security threat, according to our defense and law en-forcement authorities. Why on Earth is the Trump administration considering relaxing penalties on such a bad actor? Some reports suggest that the Trump administration is forgiving ZTE to set up an exchange for a short-term, lim-ited purchase of U.S. goods from China. If that is the case, what a terrible deal that is for America. Our No. 1 priority should be reducing the threat of intel-lectual property theft. Intellectual property theft not only threatens our short-term economic outlook, but it threatens our long-term leadership in high-tech industries, middle-class jobs of the future, and the security of our country. To relax penalties on ZTE, a proven threat to American intellectual prop-erty, in a possible exchange for some-thing as small as a one-time purchase of goods is like trading away your star player for a last-round draft pick. By backing off and letting ZTE off the hook, China wins. If the reports are true, Congress should move in a bipar-tisan fashion to block this deal right away. On top of the ZTE matter, there is no apparent path forward with the ongo-ing trade negotiations—nothing con-cerning intellectual property theft, nothing concerning market access, not even a framework. The two recent ne-gotiations with China, led by Secretary Mnuchin and then by Secretary Ross, have failed to produce anything that is concrete, real, lasting, and important to America. The administration keeps sending different officials with different prior-ities to lead discussions with China. Some are tough on China, and others are soft. Some have the President’s in-stincts in mind, and others do not. Sec-retary Mnuchin and Ambassador Lighthizer are in totally different camps. I am in the Lighthizer camp, but dissension is causing tremendous confusion and making our bargaining position so much weaker. President Trump ought to direct our negotiators—all of our negotiators—to be tough with China and to stick with it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
VA MISSION ACT  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I am proud that today President Trump will sign into law a piece of legislation that I fought for called the VA MISSION Act. This important legislation will help fix many of the problems plaguing the VA Choice Program and will work to ensure that our Nation keeps the prom-ises it has made to our veterans. This bill is badly needed. Take Hank, for example, a Montana veteran. Last year it took him more than 3 months to get an appointment and then another month to get the glasses he needed. It was clear to him that the Choice Program representa-tives were completely unaware of the distance issues that Montana veterans have to deal with. And it is not just Hank. All across Montana, we have heard about how the VA Choice Program has consistently fallen short. It has missed the mark. Payment delays take up to 8 months. In fact, sometimes we have bill collec-tors coming after our veterans for something they should not be respon-sible for. Veterans suffer hours-long waits to talk with representatives about claims, and veterans get the runaround on re-ceiving the most basic services. This is unacceptable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.001 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3003 June 6, 2018 
Our veterans deserve better. That is why the bipartisan MISSION Act is so vitally important. It helps fix many of the problems our veterans still face as they try to access the healthcare serv-ices they need. Rural veterans will get greater, easi-er, and quicker access to healthcare. Telemedicine services will be strength-ened. The oversight of opioid prescrip-tions will be increased. There will be greater accountability in how compa-nies like Health Net manage this new program. Finally, it will help the VA’s medical professional shortage through scholarship and loan repayment pro-grams for medical and dental students who commit to serving in the VA. The problems plaguing the VA aren’t just occasional news stories; they are the daily reality for Montana veterans. Enough is enough. Our Nation has a lot of work to do to fulfill the promises we have made to our veterans. The MISSION Act is an important step forward. I am proud I have helped get this bill across the fin-ish line and on to President Trump’s desk. I look forward to honoring our vet-erans’ service by standing with Presi-dent Trump today as he signs this im-portant bill into law. Thank you. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
SENATE SCHEDULE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday I announced that the Senate’s regularly scheduled August recess will not occur this year. Members will be able to meet with our constituents dur-ing a standard 1-week State work pe-riod at the beginning of the month, and then we will come right back here and get back to work. The reason is simple: We have too much left to do for the American peo-ple. Sixteen months into the Trump ad-ministration, Senate Democrats persist in their unprecedented campaign to ob-struct the President’s nominees for a wide array of executive and judicial po-sitions. It is time for a little historic perspec-tive. During President Obama’s first 2 years, the Senate needed only 12 clo-ture votes on nominations. In Presi-dent George W. Bush’s first 2 years, there were four cloture votes on nomi-nations and for President Clinton, just eight. But less than a year and a half into this administration, the Demo-cratic minority has stalled progress through—listen to this—101 cloture votes, and counting, on nominations— 101 cloture votes. This used to be a rare tool of last re-sort, used only in a tiny handful of cases. Well, not these days. In many cases, the nominees in question are completely without controversy. Not a single Senator in either party voted against confirming Robert Wier or Fer-nando Rodriguez to serve as district court judges just yesterday. They were both confirmed unanimously. So were Walter Counts and Karen Scholer, two more district judges we considered back in January. But Senate Demo-crats forced us to invoke cloture on each of these nominees and then made sure they soaked up Senate floor time, even though literally no Senator op-posed them. This isn’t due diligence. It certainly isn’t good government. It is what hap-pens when our friends across the aisle put political slogans about ‘‘the resist-ance’’ ahead of the country’s needs. We have gotten a great deal done this Congress. We have bolstered our econ-omy with historic tax reform and regu-latory reform. We have delivered crit-ical resources to communities afflicted by the opioid crisis, with more on the way. We have undone harmful spending caps to fully equip our military. We have taken action to combat human trafficking and school violence. We have repealed ObamaCare’s individual mandate tax and its Independent Pay-ment Advisory Board and delayed sev-eral other healthcare taxes. Republicans are still working to do more. We need to confirm more of the President’s team and judicial nomi-nees. We need to take up regular appro-priations bills. We need to tackle legis-lative priorities like the water infra-structure bill, the farm bill, the De-fense bill, and many others. So the Senate will remain in session in August. We will work on legislation. We will confirm more nominees. We will keep delivering on the agen-da that has already done so much to make America stronger, safer, and more prosperous. 
HONORING OUR VETERANS  
On another matter, Mr. President, I was honored to meet a number of Ken-tucky veterans at the World War II Me-morial and welcome them to Wash-ington. My father fought in World War II, so I was particularly grateful to hear these veterans’ stories and share their special moments of remembrance. One man I talked to is 100 years old. He was in the initial invasion when we finally got on offense in North Africa. He fought in every theater in Europe and was there when the Germans surren-dered on May 8, 1945. He landed at Omaha Beach, but he said it was 2 days after the invasion, so there was a sec-ond wave of soldiers coming in after the invasion, and there are stories and stories of people like that. I had a chance to thank each of them, as well as the Honor Flight Blue-grass organization, which takes on the logistical and financial burdens so that veterans can travel to their monu-ments at no personal cost. I was especially glad this opportunity came today, on the 74th anniversary of the D-day invasion. On June 6, 1944, the free world embarked on a daring mis-sion of historic proportions. With con-viction, bravery, and patriotism, the ‘‘greatest generation’’ ran into the breach. Many paid the ultimate price on D- day, but their bravery paved the road to victory in Europe. Allied troops stared down the most pernicious evil the modern world had ever seen—and prevailed. The world has changed in the years since D-day, but some things haven’t changed at all. We still honor the sac-rifices of those who ran into the breach. Today, the President will sign into law the VA MISSION Act that Con-gress passed last month. It is a set of major improvements in the way we care for American veterans—increasing their choices and expanding access to care for those who sacrificed to serve. Here is something else that hasn’t changed: We still call on brave men and women to take on a wide array of dif-ficult missions. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. President, soon the Senate will take up the John S. McCain 2019 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. It is the result of months of serious bipar-tisan work by the Armed Services Committee, and it is a major step to-ward delivering the resources our men and women in uniform need to tackle the challenges of today—challenges like an emboldened Iran, the desta-bilizing force it abets in the Middle East; challenges like the expanding ca-pabilities of Russia and China in this era of renewed great power competi-tion. This moment requires that we sup-port our All-Volunteer Armed Forces with the tools, training, equipment, and resources they need to support our allies, to defend the homeland, and se-cure the peace. Secretary Mattis’s new national defense strategy spells out what our Nation must do. Our landmark budget agreement this year set aside the funds to put that plan into action, and now, with this NDAA, Congress will take the next step toward getting those resources where they need to be. Its authoriza-tions include quality-of-life improve-ments for servicemembers and their families, land, sea, and air weapons systems, and reforms to the acquisi-tions process to keep America’s mili-tary on the cutting edge. With bipartisan action on the NDAA, the Senate will ensure that the next generation of American warfighters is every bit as ready as the ‘‘greatest gen-eration’’ to write a new chapter of cou-rageous service. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.003 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3004 June 6, 2018 
REMEMBERING BOBBY KENNEDY  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise to honor the life and legacy of an American treasure, Bobby Kennedy. Robert Kennedy lived his life with courage and conviction, never afraid to challenge a divided nation to face its moral failings. Bobby challenged us all to take a step back from the stale, cheap politics of the moment and to do better by each other. His service to this Nation will never be forgotten. Today, 50 years after he was brutally assassinated, we pause to acknowledge the brilliance and beauty that rested in his vision of America—a vision that led him to seek the highest office in this land, a vision of love, wisdom, compas-sion, and justice. Bobby believed we all have a shared responsibility to leave this world just a little bit better off than when we came. ‘‘Few will have the greatness to bend history itself,’’ he once said, ‘‘but each of us can work to change a small por-tion of events, and in the total; of all those acts will be written the history of this generation.’’ History may not repeat, but it often rhymes. Conditions are different now, but a lot of the anxiety and tension that swept through this country in 1968, at the height of Bobby’s political career, echoes the anxiety of today, es-pecially the economic anxiety felt by millions of Americans who are working harder than ever but feel opportunity slipping away from themselves and their children. Too often our political and business leaders refuse to see this. Instead, they hide behind macroeconomic statistics, using them as a shield to dismiss the concerns of the American people as faulty, wrongheaded, or even non-existent. Robert Kennedy understood that America’s national economy is not the same as the economic well- being of its people. In a 1968 speech at the University of Kansas, he spoke elo-quently about the differences between them, and here is what he said: 
[Our] Gross National Product counts air pollution and cigarette advertising, and am-bulances to clear our highways of carnage. It counts special locks for our doors and the jails for the people who break them. It counts the destruction of the redwood and the loss of our natural wonder in chaotic sprawl. It counts napalm and counts nuclear warheads and armored cars for the police to fight the riots in our cities. It counts Whit-man’s rifle and Speck’s knife, and the tele-vision programs which glorify violence in order to sell toys to our children. Yet the gross national product does not allow for the health of our children, the quality of their education or the joy of their play. It does not include the beauty of our poetry or the strength of our marriages, the intelligence of our public debate or the in-tegrity of our public officials. It measures neither our wit nor our courage, neither our wisdom nor our learning, neither our com-passion nor our devotion to our country. It measures everything, in short, except that which makes life worthwhile. And it can tell us everything about America except why we are proud that we are Americans. 
Consider three statistics: corporate profits, the stock market, and unem-ployment. Today, corporate profits are up—corporate profits that count gun sales from manufacturers whose weap-ons are used to massacre children in our schools and our streets, corporate profits that count revenues from drug companies when they quadruple prices for the sick and the desperate, cor-porate profits that count revenues of banks like Wells Fargo as they rip off millions of American consumers. The stock market is up as giant com-panies pocket trillions in taxpayer money stolen from middle-class fami-lies. The market is up as CEOs shut down plants and factories in the United States and move them overseas. The market is up as business leaders, flush with cash, turn their backs on workers while they plow millions and even bil-lions into stock buybacks to goose in-vestors’ returns and CEOs’ bonuses. Unemployment is down, but wages have barely budged in a generation. Unemployment is down, but for mil-lions of people, the exploding costs for housing, for healthcare, for childcare mean that it now takes two jobs to do what one job covered a generation ago. Unemployment is down, but the num-bers fail to count the millions living in rural and urban American communities alike that have given up the search for a job. Corporate profits, the stock market, unemployment—these statistics tell us everything about the American econ-omy, but they tell us very little about the lived experiences of today’s Ameri-cans. They do not speak to the citizen who fears police violence or the police officer who fears gang violence or the immigrant who cannot speak out about sexual assault at the hands of her boss or the toxic rhetoric flowing through our politics and seeking to turn neigh-bor against neighbor. They do not ac-count for our devotion to our commu-nities, to our churches, to our children. They tell us virtually nothing about our trials, our challenges, our hopes, or our principles. Robert Kennedy understood this. He knew we cannot simply run our econ-omy for those at the top and assume it will solve America’s problems. In the intervening years since his speech, America ran that experiment anyway and watched it fail miserably. It is time to try something different. It is time to challenge each of us to do better by each other, to see the dignity in one another, to put our values first. I believe together we can make that Robert Kennedy’s legacy, and I am proud to fight for it. I yield the floor. Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, I rise today in support of Annemarie Carney Axon to be U.S. district judge for the Northern District of Alabama. Annemarie Axon is exceptionally qualified to be a U.S. district judge. Her strong, respectful temperament and commitment to impartiality prove that she is well-suited for this es-teemed position. Ms. Axon has spent her entire career devoted to the law. She is presently a member of Wallace, Jordan, Ratcliff, & Brandt, LLC, in Birmingham, AL, where she focuses on fiduciary and pro-bate litigation. Prior to her current role, she served as assistant vice presi-dent at AmSouth Bank. She began her legal career in 2000 as an associate at the firm Edwards & Angell, LLP, in Rhode Island. Axon is a member of both the Ala-bama and Rhode Island State Bar Asso-ciations and represents a broad range of clients including individual and cor-porate fiduciaries and financial institu-tions in both State and Federal court. In addition to her experience in the courtroom, Axon serves as the presi-dent of the YWCA Junior Board, as well as the Girls on the Run board of directors. She is also a member of the Mountain Brook City Schools Founda-tion Board and a member of the Amer-ican Cancer Society. Following her initial nomination in July 2017, Ms. Axon appeared before the Judiciary Committee for consider-ation. During the hearing, Axon stressed the importance of certain characteristics required to serve as a judge, including the ability to be fair, open-minded, courteous, and respectful to the attorneys and parties in each case. The committee favorably re-ported her nomination in October 2017. I believe Annemarie Axon exempli-fies all of the characteristics of a prop-er judge. I am confident that she will base her decisions on the law above all else, despite the outcome of each case. Confirmation of her nomination is beyond imperative, as the swift con-firmation of district judges plays a vital role in the functioning ability of the U.S. judicial system. By confirming Annemarie Axon to be a U.S. district judge, Congress is allow-ing the work of the U.S. judicial branch to continue in a manner that will best serve our Nation. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SUL-
LIVAN ). Under the previous order, all postcloture time has expired. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Axon nomina-tion? Mr. COTTON. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), and the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
AR-
KEY) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 83, nays 11, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.005 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3005 June 6, 2018 
[Rollcall Vote No. 117 Ex.] YEAS—83 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—11 
Booker Gillibrand Harris Hirono Menendez Merkley Peters Sanders Stabenow Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Coons Duckworth Heinrich Leahy Markey McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 442, H.R. 5515. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 442, H.R. 5515, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to proceed be agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I hope this is just going to be a speed bump on the way to getting on to the NDAA, be-cause that is very important legisla-tion that I want to get to, but I have an amendment. It happens to be a ger-mane amendment to a very, very im-portant part of this bill—the CFIUS re-form legislation recently reported out of the Banking Committee. I want to continue to work with the chairman and the ranking member and the leader to ensure that I will have an opportunity to offer this amendment. That is all I am looking for—to have a vote on my germane amendment. When we can work that out, I will be happy to grant my consent, but in the mean-time, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk on the motion to proceed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 442, H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Todd Young, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, Johnny Isakson, Joni Ernst, John Hoeven, Thom Tillis, James E. Risch, Tom Cotton, Dan Sul-livan, Mike Crapo, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, James M. Inhofe, John Barrasso, Deb Fischer. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, let me just share what just happened here. I have been involved with this for a long time, including over in the House when we had our NDAA. Now, I am fully aware and everybody here knows that we have passed this NDAA for 57 con-secutive years, and we are going to pass it. But one of the things I really don’t like about the procedure is that one person—any one person, Democrat or Republican—can object, as this was just objected to, and cause us to have to file cloture. This is going to put this off for a period of time, and two unde-sirable results can result. One result can be that it can ultimately deny Members from offering their amend-ments, whether they are germane or not. I will state how much I appreciate the fact that Senator R
EEDand I in our committee have worked very closely together, and we made a decision that we want to have an open amendment process. We had discussion of this in our committee and everyone agrees with this. This could have the effect of ulti-mately closing the door to everyone who has an amendment. We don’t want that, but we did everything we could to stop an objection from taking place so that we could at least move on to the bill. We need to get on the bill, and then we can try to do all kinds of arrange-ments. At one time, Senator REEDand I talked about maybe coming up with 10 amendments or 15 amendments or 3 amendments each, Democrats and Re-publicans, so that we could at least say to the individuals on our side—and I would say to my Republican friends— that I will do everything within my power to see that you get a vote. Un-fortunately you can’t do that because you can’t guarantee there will be a vote. So that is the thing I regret, and the other bad part of this is that it is going to put it off for about a week. I just got back from all of our war zones, talking to our troops on the ground, telling them that this is going to happen, that we are going to be tak-ing up the NDAA, and telling them what is in it in terms of pay raises, what is in it in terms of priorities, and how we are going to try to get modern-ized. Right now we have several pieces of equipment that over the last 10 years have been ignored, and we have peer competitors in Russia and in China that have better equipment than we do. An artillery piece is evaluated by rapid fire and range, and right now our rapid fire is not as fast as either Russia’s or China’s. We see what is happening in the China Sea. We are over there. We see that our allies are looking and thinking: You know, the Chinese are preparing for World War III. What are we doing? By postponing this, all of our troops and all of our very valued people who are risking their lives on a daily basis are going to wonder: Why didn’t we go ahead and go with this thing? It is wrong. I do want to say this. Senator R
EED and I and our committees did every-thing we could to try to accommodate everyone as best as our rules would allow us to do. In living with the limi-tations that we have, we have done ev-erything we can do. I do want to compliment the entire Senate Armed Services Committee. We have also worked on the House side. Between Senator R
EEDand me—Demo-crats and Republicans—we have done everything we could to keep this from happening. Again, as long as I can re-member, at the last minute, one Sen-ator can put this off and create the damage and potential damage that has been created now. I do regret that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, first, this is an opportunity for me to commend and thank the Senator from Oklahoma for extraordinary leadership on the committee. Obviously, we were all in-spired by Chairman M
CCAINand his in-credible leadership over the last many, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.001 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3006 June 6, 2018 
many years, but the Senator from Oklahoma has stood up there and real-ly set a tone—and I think the Presiding Officer understands because he was there—of very purposeful, very delib-erate, very collegial activity to bring everyone involved into the process. We were operating basically under the rules of appropriateness for the com-mittee and a close connection to the Department of Defense because, as Chairman I
NHOFE said, this is ulti-mately about the men and women wearing the uniform of the United States. Always, every year—we will pass this bill; I am confident of that because of the chairman’s leadership and because of colleagues like the Presiding Officer. But each and every year, people see this as the only train leaving town, and we have to be able to keep in balance that this is about the Department of Defense and related agencies, like the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion, for example, and the DOE and other agencies. We would like to be able to open up the floor to amend-ments that are closely connected and have a clear nexus to the Department of Defense, and the men and women in the Department of Defense, and then have votes. That is the ideal, and we hope we can do that. We might have to spend some time procedurally getting to the bill. We will get to the bill, and under the lead-ership of Chairman I
NHOFE , we will get the bill done. We hope to be able to ac-commodate our colleagues as much as possible with amendments, and I hope these amendments will be directed once again to the activities, priorities, and critical needs of the men and women of the Armed Forces and re-lated agencies. If we do that, I think we will have a very successful and very productive floor debate, as we did in the committee. Again, let me thank the Senator from Oklahoma. We both stand ready to work and get this bill done for the men and women wearing the uniform of the United States. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I think it is kind of unprecedented to have, in this case, the acting chairman and the ranking member be so close together on what we have attempted to do. I think it is worthwhile to note, as Senator R
EEDbrought up, that we had the committee hearing on this, and it is very rare we come out as we did on that. We actually did that in 1 day. It was 1 day, and it was 9 hours total. I am not sure if that is some kind of a record or not, but it shows that we are working very well together, and I was hoping that would take care of this today. Anyway, we are now going to start discussing this bill. Since we have lost the opportunity to move to the bill and actually start on amendments, I think it is more important now to at least talk about what we are anticipating. Today we will begin consideration— even though we are not on the bill, we can still talk about it. This is the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2019. It is the most important piece of legislation we consider every year. As I have said, this is now the 57th consecutive year that we have done this. I remember that just a few years ago we got very close to the middle of December or the end of December, which is an absolute deadline to get it done for the fiscal year. We had to go to the big four, and we got it done and got it passed. Well, we don’t want to do that now. We want to do it the right way, and we want to consider all of the amendments because in that year, we got the bill, but we didn’t consider any amendments. You can talk to any of the Members. A lot of times they were in closed meetings, and we talked about the ne-cessity of getting the amendments opened up so that anyone could offer an amendment, and, of course, they were denied doing that at that time. Now we are still in a position that we can do this, but it has put it off about a week. Anyway, this is the most important legislation we pass every year. One more time, I want to thank Senator JACKREED, the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, for his work on this and for the fact that we were able to do it as rapidly as we did. I also want to thank the majority lead-er, Senator M
CCONNELL , not only for bringing the NDAA to the floor this week, but also for his willingness to do so under regular order. That is what we wanted, and we were able to do it. Finally, and most importantly, I want to thank the committee chair-man, Senator J
OHN MCCAIN, for his strong leadership in the preparation of the NDAA this year, which he has done each year for a long period of time. Make no mistake, he may not be here today, but this is his bill. His priorities and his policy objectives are in this bill. This year’s NDAA is a true embod-iment of what Chairman M
CCAINhas worked to advance during his decades of service and his tenure as chairman of this committee. It deserves to bear his name, and it does bear his name. We are all keeping Chairman M
CCAIN in our hearts and our prayers as he continues to prove that he is the fight-er we all know him to be. I am sure he is watching right now. Senator M
CCAIN, we all know the fighter you are. There is no one else like you, and we want you to continue that fight, and we are anticipating that is going to be taking place. The NDAA represents some of the finest traditions of this body. For 57 years, Congress has passed this vital legislation to authorize funding and provide the necessary authority for our military to protect this great Nation. I am proud that the Senate Armed Services Committee overwhelmingly passed this bill. I think, at one point, we had 300 amendments. We were able to sit down, reason together, incor-porate several of them into a man-agers’ package, come to the com-mittee, and actually pass it over-whelmingly. This is more than just a piece of leg-islation, but it is a message to each and every one of our servicemembers that they are our No. 1 priority. That is why I didn’t like the idea that there is an objection to moving to this bill today. I was with our servicemembers who are overseas all last week, telling them what we were going to do, why we were going to do it, and why it is a top priority. Unfortunately, this sends the wrong message to them. This is more than just a piece of leg-islation; it is what we have to do to de-fend our Nation. After all, you have to keep in mind that the No. 1 thing we need to be doing here in the U.S. Sen-ate, as well as in the House, is defend-ing America. Our Founding Fathers said that; it is in the Constitution; and that is what we are about do to now. The fiscal year 2019 NDAA keeps faith with our troops. It has a 2.6-per-cent pay raise—the largest in 10 years—which, in some small way, hon-ors their enormous sacrifice. In total, the NDAA supports $716 bil-lion in fiscal year 2019 for national de-fense. It authorizes a base defense budget of $639 billion for the Depart-ment of Defense and the national secu-rity programs of the Department of En-ergy, as well as $69 billion in the over-seas contingency fund. When it all adds up, you have $716 billion. That is what we should be doing around here. We are glad we are at the point where we can give priority to defending our Nation, as it should always have been. This is funding an important step to-ward recovering from years of cuts in our defense budget under the Budget Control Act and sequestration, which harmed our military readiness and slowed down our modernization efforts. As I mentioned before, sequestration has held us back, but it has not held our adversaries back. All the time we were held back over the last 10 years, our peer competition out there—Russia and China—haven’t been holding back. That is why I said that in areas such as artillery, they are ahead of us. Every time I go—and I am sure the Chair finds the same thing to be true— back home where the real people are, they assume we have the best of every-thing. That was the kind of standard we had set in World War II, and, of course, we backed away from that. We have areas—not just artillery, but triad and hypersonic—in which we were not able to keep that up, and all the time that we were doing nothing for the last 10 years in the triad system, the Chinese and the Russians were ad-vancing, and they are ahead of us now. Hypersonic is something not many people know about. It is a weapons sys-tem that moves at five times the speed of sound, and this is something that is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.011 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3007 June 6, 2018 
going to be where future wars are going to be fought. Yet China and Russia are both ahead of us right now. So with this bill, we are going back and are advancing in some areas where we have been very, very slow. The goal, as always, is to provide our warfighters with the resources and capabilities they need and to do so on time, on schedule, and at a reasonable cost. Now I am going to run over this be-cause I think it is important that peo-ple out there know—and even some Members in this body, if they are not on the committee, might not be aware—that the legislation authorizes starting $23 billion for shipbuilding to fund 10 new construction battle force ships. It also provides for the procure-ment of 117 naval aviation aircraft. It has $7.6 billion to procure 75 F–35 Joint Strike Fighters. I think we all recognize the mistake we made back when we had the F–22. We should have, at that time, stayed with the original amount, and now we regret we didn’t do it. We don’t want to make that mistake with the F–35s, so we have that provision in there. We have $2.3 billion to procure 14 KC– 46s. This is kind of interesting because that is ultimately going to replace the KC–135s, which have been around for 58 years now. I can remember, in the last administration, the Secretary of the Air Force was having an event, and I remember commenting at Altus Air Force Base that in 1959 two wonderful things had happened. No. 1, I got mar-ried and, No. 2, we delivered our first KC–135. She said: Well, I guess that of-fers security for you here at Altus for the next 59 years, and I think it does. That is how important that is. Our KC– 46s are necessary, and this has the pro-curement of 14 of these. We have $350 million to procure Air Force light attack aircraft; procure-ment of 117 Army helicopters; $70 mil-lion to prototype the next-generation combat vehicle; and $100 million each for the U.S. Marine Corps light attack aircraft and Group 5 Unmanned Aerial System; and lastly, $10 billion for the Missile Defense Agency. That is finally getting us up to where we had fallen behind during the last ad-ministration. We might as well say it as it is. We now have everyone agree-ing. This is good. This bill has been un-necessarily postponed for another week. Someone is making a point there. Along the way, the NDAA makes ad-justments to the administration’s budget request to ensure programs are sustainable and accountable and pro-tecting American taxpayer dollars. It also takes steps to ensure we are pre-pared for a world defined by strategic competition with China and Russia, ad-dressing China’s militarization of the South China Sea, and deterring Rus-sia’s military aggression and cyber at-tacks. We know that is happening right now. Several of us, including the Pre-siding Officer, just about a month ago, were in the South China Sea. You see what the Chinese are doing, which is totally illegal. It is not land they own. They talk about reclaiming land. They are not reclaiming land. It wasn’t pre-viously claimed by anybody. They have seven islands now out there. We are talking about over 33,000 acres out there where they created huge military formations. All of our allies in that part of the world are assuming they now have to take sides in what might be World War III. You see that what they are putting on these islands is all military, 100 percent, just as if they are preparing for World War III. It is a huge thing happening right now. We saw it there. By the way, it is not just the South China Sea. We just got back from Djibouti. The first time in the history of China, they have military bases that are not within the confines of China. This supports the implementation of the Nuclear Posture Review by author-izing $65 million to develop a low-yield, submarine-launched ballistic missile. I know that is controversial, and there will be amendments on there. We look forward to that. The ranking member and I don’t agree on everything. This is one area that probably we don’t agree on. We want to have amendments. We want to have an open debate. That is what we are going to have. Unfortunately, that is going to be delayed for a period of time that I believe is unnecessary. Finally, the NDAA supports our al-lies and partners around the world. It authorizes $5.2 billion for the Afghani-stan Security Forces Fund. We just got back from Afghanistan. Things are going well there. We had a chance to talk to General Nicholson and the rest over there. Some good things are happening, despite what an unfriendly press sometimes wants to lead you to believe. For the fight against terrorism, it authorizes $1.2 billion for the counter- ISIS efforts via the Train and Equip Programs in Iraq and Syria. The Train and Equip Program is one we all agree—at least in the committee—that it is very important to continue. It au-thorizes $6.3 billion for the European Deterrence Initiative and $200 million for security assistance to Ukraine, in-cluding defensive lethal assistance. This is something we should have done a long time ago. I happened to be in Ukraine when they had their last election—well, actually about 3 years ago. That was a time when, for the first time in 96 years, Ukraine didn’t have one Communist in its Parliament. They did that because they love us. Of course, people came in and started kill-ing them. We know what happened there. It was well publicized. We had the opportunity to send some lethal defensive equipment over there to help them since they have this love for the West. At that time, the admin-istration wouldn’t allow that to take place. Anyway, we offer $500 million for Israeli cooperative missile defense pro-grams. By the way, I always like to say, when talking about Israel, there is kind of an assumption out there that they are dormant, and we are providing this. They actually have developed some systems over there that are supe-rior to ours. There is no better rela-tionship anywhere in the world than between the United States and Israel. Good things are happening there. The President is strongly in support of that. Of course, we have a great guy over there who looks to us as their closest friend. It also includes the Foreign Invest-ment Risk Review Modernization Act that was adopted by the Senate Bank-ing Committee, which will give the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States the authority it needs to address some of the national security concerns. As we move forward to considering the fiscal year 2019 NDAA, we have to remember our primary constitutional responsibility is to provide for the common defense of our great Nation. We forget that. People go back home and never talk about defending Amer-ica. They kind of play on this assump-tion that we already have all we need and that it is no longer a mission that is worth fighting for. We have to face the facts that this is the most dan-gerous world we have ever faced. The military advantage we once enjoyed has eroded, and we cannot delay mod-ernizing our capabilities and restoring readiness. You don’t have to go any further than looking at some of these coun-tries like North Korea. Right now, some good things are happening. I be-lieve, 6 days from now, a meeting will take place between Kim Jong-un and our President. It is unprecedented, and I am very excited about it. Nonethe-less, in this world today, you can have one small country that has the capa-bility of wiping out an American State, and it is something we haven’t been dealing with in the past. That is all part of this bill we are talking about now that we are going to be passing and going to conference with the House. Today, our Nation commemorates the 74th anniversary of D-day. The brave Americans who stormed the beaches of Normandy embodied the spirit that continues to inspire the service and sacrifice of so many—fight-ing, sometimes against unsurmount-able odds, in the name of freedom, and we won. I urge my colleagues to keep in mind the meaning of this day throughout consideration of this legislation, the John S. McCain National Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019. It will help assert the quantitative and quali-tative military advantage we will have. I would almost say reassert that be-cause we have lost it. General Dunford made the statement that we are falling behind in our ways. It has always been our qualitative and quantitative ad-vantage over the enemy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.012 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3008 June 6, 2018 
I hope the ranking member agrees we can move forward with an open amend-ment process. This is very important. This is one we all agreed on, and we were hoping we would be in that proc-ess right now, but it didn’t happen. Un-fortunately, sometimes it is going to be lost. We are committed to working with everyone here as soon as possible and get the amendments rolling. I want to yield to Senator R
EED, but before I do, I want to make sure we get on the record that I have never seen, in the years I have been here, more co-operation than we have between the Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Armed Services Committee. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from Rhode Is-land. Mr. REED. Mr. President, let me again thank Chairman I
NHOFE . I, too, will comment that the collaboration and cooperation was superb in the com-mittee. A great deal of that was the re-sult of his work, and, as I mentioned before, the inspiration of Chairman M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I join the Senator from Oklahoma to rise and discuss the fiscal year 2019 national defense au-thorization bill, which passed out of the Armed Services Committee on May 23 with a very strong bipartisan vote. First, I would like to recognize Chairman M
CCAIN, after whom this bill was named. Senator M
CCAINhas guided this committee through several NDAAs with a steady hand and unyielding leadership. His commitment to a bipar-tisan process has been an example of the way Congress should function, and I am pleased to say this bill, again, fol-lows in that tradition. I also want to thank Senator I
NHOFE , who has ably and graciously led the committee this year through many hearings and an extremely efficient markup, which produced the bipartisan bill we are beginning to consider. We would like to have begun considering it and taking amendments today, but we will consider it, we will pass it, and we will continue the outstanding record of annually passing a national defense act for the men and women in the Armed Forces. The committee has thoughtfully con-sidered the President’s budget request, held hearings on national security challenges, and received briefings on emerging threats. The result of this hard work is a bill, I believe, that will improve the readiness and capability of our Armed Forces, push back on our adversaries that threaten the demo-cratic system and the global order, and improve the quality of life for our serv-icemembers and their families. This bill reflects the strategic shift toward prioritizing the strategic com-petition with Russia and China. It sup-ports the President’s budget request for resources to deter, and, if nec-essary, defend against aggression from near-peer competitors. This includes $6.3 billion for the European Deter-rence Initiative as a continuing dem-onstration of our commitment to the security of our European allies and the deterrence of Russian expansionism. It also requires a 5-year plan from the De-partment for the Asia-Pacific Stability Initiative on the necessary resources and activities to counter China’s desta-bilizing behavior in the region. The bill also includes a provision calling on the administration to ur-gently complete a comprehensive strategy to counter Russian malign in-fluence below the level of direct mili-tary conflict. Russia attacked the heart of our democracy in 2016, and our intelligence experts warn of even more sophisticated Russian attacks tar-geting this year’s midterm elections. Yet the administration has failed to bring together our military and non-military tools of national power to counter this Russian aggression, de-spite a requirement in last year’s NDAA to submit to Congress a whole- of-government strategy to counter Russian malign influence. This bill expresses the sense of the Senate that the administration should complete a counter-Russian influence strategy without delay. Over the course of the past year, the committee has held numerous hearings in which witnesses have told us, in no uncertain terms, that the President has not tasked the Department of De-fense to prepare to respond to a repeat of Russia’s influence campaign. Their ongoing campaign of misinformation has largely been conducted through cyber space—a domain that the Depart-ment of Defense has specially trained cyber forces designed to disrupt signifi-cant cyber attacks. It is my belief that the ongoing at-tacks on our democratic process con-stitute such a significant attack. Therefore, it is noteworthy that the bill includes a provision that would di-rectly and clearly authorize the Sec-retary of Defense to employ our cyber mission forces to defend against Rus-sian attacks on our democracy. With respect to countering the con-tinued threat by ISIS, the bill extends the Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Programs at the requested funding level, while requiring appropriate in-formation with respect to the partner forces to be trained and the expected level of engagement with U.S. forces. This is a prudent approach that recog-nizes the continued threat from ISIS while ensuring appropriate oversight of these authorities in a dynamic environ-ment. I am pleased the bill also includes provisions designed to incorporate les-sons learned from the campaign against ISIS that can be used to more effectively account for and respond to allegations of civilian casualties going forward. As the tip of the spear of our efforts to counter violent extremist groups like ISIS across the globe, our Special Operations forces require the best equipment and training possible. The bill authorizes full funding for the Spe-cial Operations Command and includes important provisions to enhance the ability of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict to act as the service Secretary-like civilian respon-sible for the oversight and advocacy for all our Special Operations forces. For the Navy and Marine Corps, I be-lieve the bill represents a continuation of the efforts that are so important for improving our Armed Forces. The pro-posals would begin significant efforts to improve the readiness of Navy and Marine Corps aircraft, ships, tanks, and other weapons systems. I am pleased the bill, for the second year, authorizes funds to help reduce the risk for ramping up submarine con-struction as we start the Columbia- class program to replace the Ohio-class strategic missile submarines. While I support many of the provi-sions of the bill regarding the Navy and Marine Corps, I do have some concerns that the bill makes sizable reductions in the Marine Corps request for the up-graded amphibious assault vehicle that will remain the backbone of the Marine Corps’ amphibious assault capability for years to come. I believe this is shortsighted, and I plan to continue to work with my colleagues on this issue throughout the process. For the Air Force, this bill author-izes the A–10 wing replacement pro-gram to ensure the readiness of our A– 10 fleet. Additionally, the bill author-izes $350 million for the Air Force to procure light attack aircraft and $2.3 billion for 14 KC–46 tankers. It also pro-vides multiyear procurement authority for the C–130J program. The bill also has provisions to begin to address the growing challenge of op-erating and supporting the F–35 fleet for all services. I believe this challenge will be with us for a long time, and we have to take additional actions in the future. We have begun this process. Finally, JSTARS is the command- and-control aircraft for ground forces. Presently, the Air Force plans to retire JSTARS with the hope—not the plan, but the hope—of replacing it in the fu-ture with a new concept. I believe the bill takes a very responsible position by preventing the Air Force from retir-ing the current fleet of JSTARS air-craft, and it provides additional re-sources to help the Air Force accel-erate developing and fielding new capa-bilities to replace the current ground moving target indicator capability pro-vided by JSTARS. In short, we shouldn’t take JSTARS away until we have something very credible and capa-ble to replace it. As the Department of Defense prioritizes long-term strategic com-petition with China and Russia, the Army will be required to balance the high-end, near-peer fight while seeking more efficient approaches to counter-terrorism activities. This will be a sig-nificant shift for the Army, given that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.013 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3009 June 6, 2018 
for nearly the past 17 years, they have focused on combat operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, and, most recently, in Syria. In addition, the Army has had a spot-ty track record in recent decades with major acquisition programs. Coupled with the effects of the Budget Control Act and sequestration, the Army has had to defer modernizing platforms aimed at conflict with a peer adver-sary. Recognizing the need to overhaul Army acquisition processes, the Army has created a number of cross-func-tional teams tasked with breaking down acquisition stovepipes so that new technologies and modernized plat-forms could be delivered to the force in a more effective manner. I commend the senior leadership of the Army for making acquisition reform a priority, and I believe the bill that we are con-sidering today supports investments for critical weapons systems and re-search and development activities. For example, the bill authorizes full funding for the Army’s request for Abrams battle tanks, as well as Army helicopters to include AH–64 Apache helicopters and UH–60M Black Hawks. The bill also makes targeted invest-ments to improve the range and lethality of Army artillery systems, and it supports the fielding of active protection systems on our combat ve-hicles in order to better protect our soldiers. Again, there is much in this area that I support, but I am concerned that some programs were not fully funded, most notably the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle program. While the Senate must always closely review the Presi-dent’s annual budget request, we must also be mindful of the impact to the force. Ensuring that our soldiers have the equipment and resources they need on the battlefield is our highest pri-ority. In the area of space, this committee has taken in-depth briefings on the threats we face to the use of our space systems. While many of the details are classified, I am satisfied with the in-vestments we are now making in this area, given that space is increasingly becoming a contested domain upon which our ground, sea, and air forces rely upon worldwide. I would only com-ment to my colleagues that in the last year’s National Defense Authorization Act, we made substantial changes to the Department’s space governance— the way they operate and the policy de-velopment within the Department of Defense—and we should give the De-partment the time it needs to imple-ment these new proposals before we consider additional tasks for the De-partment. In the area of acquisition and tech-nology, I am pleased to see that the bill continues efforts at acquisition streamlining and reform and tries to strengthen DOD’s STEM and acquisi-tion workforces. We continue to take steps to improve the Pentagon’s ability to deploy information technology sys-tems and embrace modern commercial software production practices. We also included a number of provisions that will strengthen the U.S. defense manu-facturing industrial base, which is so critical to our ability to deal with threats around the world. The committee’s bill authorizes sig-nificant increases in funding for science and technology programs, above the President’s requested levels, including supporting critical research areas, like quantum computing, artifi-cial intelligence, hypersonics, and di-rected energy. We are in a full-scale technological race with China, with implications to both our national secu-rity and economic success, and many provisions in this bill are aimed to help us win that race. This bill includes efforts to drive the Pentagon to engage more with our world-leading universities and small businesses to leverage their innovation and create the technologies that will shape the future battlefield and drive the economy. Among other things, the bill establishes a DOD venture capital program to invest in high-tech startups, as well as permanently reau-thorizing the successful Small Business Innovation Research Program. In the area of personnel, the bill in-cludes a number of provisions designed to modernize the military officer per-sonnel management system by giving the services greater flexibility to com-mission and promote individuals with the training and experience in special-ized areas needed by the services. The bill also addresses domestic vio-lence and child abuse by establishing a new punitive article in the Uniform Code of Military Justice, prohibiting domestic violence and requiring pro-grams to address child abuse and do-mestic violence on military installa-tions. The bill addresses the issue of opioid abuse by military personnel and their families by requiring a pilot program to minimize early opioid exposure and creating a new program for sharing in-formation about opioid prescriptions with state prescription-drug moni-toring programs. The bill also supports a high quality of life for servicemembers and their families. It authorizes the full 2.6 per-cent basic pay increase for all service-members, as well as $40 million in De-partment of Defense supplemental im-pact aid and an additional $10 million in impact aid for military children with severe disabilities. Additionally, the bill would apply the protections of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 to all DODEA schools, closing a loophole in coverage of these protections, and it would re-quire a new comprehensive sexual har-assment policy for students in DODEA schools that provides protections at least equal to those afford by title IX. I remain concerned, however, that the military services do not receive the full end-strength increases in this bill that they have requested. I understand the desire for quality over quantity and agree that quality is paramount, but I believe the services can achieve the increases they requested without sacrificing service standards. I look forward to hearing from the services as we move forward in the leg-islative cycle about these provisions and whether they continue to believe that they can achieve the requested in-creases without sacrificing quality. In the area of strategic systems, this bill continues to support the mod-ernization of all three legs of the triad: the B–21 bomber, the ground-based strategic deterrent, and the Columbia- class submarine. These are all major acquisition programs that will take decades to field. Bipartisan support is essential for their success as we move forward, and this bill continues that bi-partisan support. The B–21 will replace the B–52 bomb-er, which was fielded in 1962 and will be required to operate well into the 2040s. The ground-based strategic deterrent will replace the current Minuteman III, which was fielded in the 1970s and uses electronics that, in many cases, pre-date the earliest personal computers. Finally, the Columbia-class submarine fleet will replace the current fleet of 14 Ohio-class submarines, starting in 2027, due to the potential for full fatigue. By then, the first Ohio-class submarine will be 46 years old—the oldest sub-marine to have ever sailed in our Navy in its history. Perhaps the biggest policy issue to be debated in the coming days is the de-velopment and deployment of low-yield nuclear weapons. This bill authorizes the Defense Department’s request for funding for a new low-yield submarine- launched ballistic missile. The request for this weapon is in response to a re-vanchist Russia with a military doc-trine of ‘‘escalate to de-escalate,’’ which means that if Russia were losing a conventional war or had attained their objectives and wanted to prevent counterattacks that would displace them, they would launch a low-yield weapon and force us to choose between suspension of our military efforts or deployment of high-yield nuclear weap-ons, heightening the possibility of es-calation and all-out nuclear war. This low-yield system raises ques-tions of policy that I believe require more time to fully analyze and under-stand. I have spent countless hours on this issue, and I am not alone. My col-leagues in the committee and many Members of the Senate have spent hours thinking about the potential issues that could be caused by these proposals. I am concerned that we have not fully grasped all of the complex im-plications inherent to the deployment of such a system. Indeed, there is an honest disagreement among experts in the field on this issue. While General Hyten, the commander of Strategic Command and one of our most prominent, effective, and distin-guished officers, makes the case for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.015 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3010 June 6, 2018 
this system, others, like former Sec-retary Ernie Moniz, who is also an ex-pert in the field, says the system is not necessary. No matter where you fall on the issue, to develop this weapon is a major change in U.S. policy, and I believe Congress needs to have a say each step of the way. Under a law passed on a bipartisan basis in 2003, which I crafted with Sen-ator John Warner, the administration could do research on a low-yield weap-on but could not develop, produce, or deploy it without congressional au-thorization. This bill removes that re-striction going forward and virtually all congressional input on these weap-ons and other potential weapons. Given the policy ramifications of de-velopment and submarine deployment of low-yield nuclear weapons—and, in-deed, of any type of nuclear weapon—I believe that Congress should be in-volved every step of the way. So we will be offering an amendment to en-sure congressional oversight of this issue and to continue the process which we are using today, where Congress will actually debate and vote and con-sider the development and deployment of a new nuclear weapon. Finally, this bill authorizes $639.2 bil-lion in base funding for the Depart-ment of Defense and the Department of Energy, and $68.5 billion in funding for overseas contingencies operations. I am glad that the bill remains within the caps set by the Bipartisan Budget Act, which we passed in February. This will enable the Department to continue to restore readiness and modernize our forces. However, I will remind my col-leagues that the budget deal only cov-ers fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019. Sequestration and the original caps will be back next year unless we again reach an agreement for both defense and nondefense accounts. I think all of us have acknowledged that our national security is broader than simply the accounts in the De-partment of Defense. Customs and Bor-der Patrol, the Transportation Secu-rity Administration, the Coast Guard, the State Department, and many other agencies also contribute to our na-tional security. The investments we propose in this bill before us will be short-lived if we cannot provide suffi-cient resources and stability in years to come for all of these critical funds in our government. Let me conclude by, once again, thanking Senator I
NHOFE and my col-leagues on the committee for working thoughtfully and on a bipartisan basis to develop this important piece of leg-islation. I also thank the staff who worked tirelessly on this bill through-out this year and will continue to work tirelessly throughout many days ahead. I look forward to a thoughtful debate on the issues that face our Department of Defense and our national security. Finally, I can think of no more ap-propriate title for this bill than the JOHNMCCAINNational Defense Author-ization Act, to symbolize the leader-ship, the inspiration, and the direction that he is still providing us and will provide us as we move forward. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING BOBBY KENNEDY  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was a senior in college at Georgetown Uni-versity when I received a chance oppor-tunity that literally changed my life. Paul Douglas, a great Senator from my home State of Illinois, hired me on as an intern in his office here in the U.S. Senate. I was just a kid from East Saint Louis, IL, the son of an immi-grant mother, who was suddenly sur-rounded by Senators debating some of the most profound questions in our Na-tion’s history. I used to come to the Gallery of the Senate as a student and observe the proceedings of the Senate, never dreaming that there would be a day when I would actually stand on the floor of the U.S. Senate. I couldn’t be-lieve my good fortune as a visitor to watch people like Mike Mansfield, Everett Dirksen from my State, Paul Douglas from Illinois, William Ful-bright, Margaret Chase Smith, and so many others come to the floor and speak in debate. I remember sitting right there as a college student and watching. Through the door came Bobby Kennedy, and not far behind was his brother Ted Ken-nedy, both of them serving in the U.S. Senate in those days. It was an impor-tant occasion, I remember, on this one day because Bobby Kennedy was about to give a speech on Vietnam. His wife and Ted Kennedy’s wife were seated in the Gallery just above them. I was just over here, I am sure with my mouth wide open, saying: I can’t believe this moment that I am here to witness. I remember the moment today be-cause today is the 50th anniversary of the day an assassin’s bullet ended Bobby Kennedy’s too-short life. For millions who remember him and many millions more who weren’t even born in 1968, the death of Robert Ken-nedy remains a painful and haunting loss. What we miss is not simply the man; we miss his intelligence and wit, his compassion, his fierce commitment to justice and democracy, and his deep faith that Americans could come to-gether to overcome difficult times and make our Nation stronger and better. Just 2 months—2 months—before Bobby Kennedy was murdered, America lost another apostle of peace and jus-tice. The evening that Dr. Martin Lu-ther King was murdered, Bobby Ken-nedy was in Indianapolis, IN, to give a speech. Breaking the news of Dr. King’s death to a stunned crowd, Bobby Ken-nedy begged his listeners to not resort to violence. He said: We have to make an effort in the United States, we have to make an effort to under-stand, to go beyond these rather difficult times. What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence or lawlessness; but love and wisdom and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country, whether they be white or they be black. 
Listening to his words, one can hear echoes of President Lincoln’s first in-augural address when he told a young nation on the knife’s edge of civil war that ‘‘we are not enemies, but friends’’ and looked forward to a time when we would be guided by, in Lincoln’s words, ‘‘the better angels of our nature.’’ Bobby Kennedy understood that America is great when we are guided by those better angels, not by fear. As America’s Attorney General in the early 1960s, Bobby Kennedy wrote a short book—only about 100 pages—enti-tled ‘‘The Pursuit of Justice.’’ It in-cludes a short chapter entitled ‘‘Extre-mism, Left and Right.’’ I would like to read a short passage from it, the words of Robert Francis Kennedy—not as his-tory but as hope and a reminder that we have the ability, each of us, to choose to overcome what divides us. Here is what he wrote: 
There have always and everywhere been those, throughout our history, and particu-larly in times of crisis, who have preached intolerance, who have sought to escape re-ality and responsibility with a slogan or a scapegoat. 
Bobby Kennedy wrote: 
What is objectionable, what is dangerous about extremists is not that they are ex-treme, but that they are intolerant. The evil is not what they say about their cause, but what they say about their opponents. The in-tolerant man . . . cannot trust democracy. . . . [H]e condemns the motives, the morals or the patriotism of all who disagree. . . . [H]e spreads selfish slogans and false fears. 
The answers to these voices, Bobby Kennedy tells us, ‘‘cannot come merely from government, no matter how con-scientious or judicious. The answer must come from within American de-mocracy. It must come from an in-formed national consensus which can recognize futile fervor and simple solu-tions for what they are, and reject them quickly. Ultimately, America’s answer to the intolerant man is diver-sity.’’ On this sad anniversary, the 50th an-niversary of the death of Robert Ken-nedy, we would do well to listen to his words and heed the better angels of our nature here in the United States. It is our true source of American greatness. 
NATO  
Mr. President, I rise today to bring attention to the troubling erosion of our strongest and most cherished 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.016 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3011 June 6, 2018 
transatlantic alliance, the North At-lantic Treaty Organization. Over the years, I have visited some of our key NATO and European allies, in-cluding Lithuania and Poland, as well as those in the frontlines of Russian military invasions. What is the con-stant theme that is shared in these vis-its? It is the importance of our alli-ance, our friendship, our common pur-pose, the importance of the North At-lantic Treaty Organization. The impor-tance of democratic Western values and international norms and institu-tions are embodied in this alliance. In 1948, a war-weary United States, Canada, and Europe decided to face the new threat from an expansionist Soviet Union. A year later, we banded to-gether to create a collective shield against aggression so that govern-ments could concentrate on achieving fuller, better existence for everyone. Ever since the creation of NATO, it has been essential to the national security of the United States and a vital compo-nent of the U.S.-led international order. NATO has made the world safer and more prosperous. Underpinning the NATO treaty is a collective defense guarantee that es-sentially says the following: An armed attack against one of us is an attack against all of us. There has only been one time in the history of NATO that this has been in-voked. Do you know what it was? It was less than 24 hours after the ter-rorist attacks against the United States of America on September 11, 2001. When that happened, our allies and NATO immediately came to our defense. They fought beside us, stood beside us. They pledged to be there when we needed them. They have been there with our U.S. military forces in Afghanistan since 2001 to stop the spread of terrorism. Many of these NATO allies have paid the ultimate price, and many more have come home injured. They did it without question because it is in service to the collective defense guarantee of the NATO alli-ance. The picture today is dramatically different. In the face of Russian aggres-sion today, instead of fortifying our al-liance and coming together in common cause, I am sorry to report that this Trump administration belittles the promise and commitment of NATO. The President’s lack of an apprecia-tion for history, for this critical and stabilizing alliance, is alarming. In the process, this President has caused the world to lose faith in institutions and policies that have kept us safe for 70 years. In the process, the President has also shaken the confidence of our allies in our country, in our ability to lead, and in our ability to solve inter-national problems in a meaningful and cooperative way with our friends and allies. How has this administration achieved this? By repeatedly calling NATO obsolete during his political campaign; by failing to publicly com-mit to honor the collective defense guarantee at the first NATO summit; by threatening not to defend the Baltic NATO members—countries directly in Russia’s crosshairs; and by thumbing his nose at our closest allies when he recklessly withdrew from the Paris cli-mate agreement and the Iran nuclear deal. The United States of America is the only Nation in the world that is not a signatory to the Paris climate agree-ment. Every other nation on Earth ac-knowledges that we are facing environ-mental challenges that could destroy and damage the world that we leave to our children, but this President—this President—withdrew the United States from that agreement. And just days ago, he stepped away from the Iran nu-clear deal, an agreement reached under the previous administration—which I know makes it unacceptable to this President—an agreement reached by China, Russia, the United States, Ger-many, France, the United Kingdom, and the European Union. To do what? To stop the Iranians from developing nuclear weapons. President Trump stepped away from that agreement. The world is not safer because of that decision. To throw salt on the wound, the President is now in a trade war with some of these very same NATO allies, and he has threatened to levy sanc-tions against these same NATO allies if they do any business with Iran. Defying all logic and American secu-rity interests, despite all of the things I have just said, the President looks the other way when it comes to Russia. Despite Russia’s interference in our election—a conclusion reached by every intelligence agency in the United States—despite repeated violations of international treaties and agreements; despite cyber attacks against the United States and Europe, especially the Baltics; despite the occupation of sovereign territory in Ukraine, Geor-gia, and Moldova, President Trump has been virtually silent on Russia’s ag-gression. Tragically, this silence has not gone unnoticed by our closest international partners. The Pew Research Center did a poll that shows that our allies’ trust in American leadership is plummeting. In 2017, only 11 percent of those who live in Germany had confidence in President Trump, and in Great Britain, only 22 percent. This is compared to 86 and 79 percent in those countries under President Obama. Gallup also did a poll. After 2 years of this Presidency, approval of Amer-ican leadership is at a new low of 30 percent, with the biggest drops in ap-proval coming from those nations that have stood by us in alliance for seven decades. The devastating message is clear: At a time when Russia is challenging NATO in new and more aggressive ways, our NATO allies are losing faith in America. Donald Tusk, the Euro-pean Council President, went so far as to publicly say that the European Union is no longer under any illusions that the United States is a trustworthy friend. I never expected the greatest mili-tary alliance in the world to be plagued by such uncertainty. I certainly didn’t expect that uncertainty to arise as a result of our President. Because I and many of my colleagues are so alarmed by this state of affairs, Senators K
AINE, CARDIN , VANHOLLEN , F
EINSTEIN , BROWN , and M ERKLEY have joined me to introduce a resolution to reaffirm our commitment to NATO, just in time for the NATO summit in July. I plead with my Republican col-leagues to join us in making this a bi-partisan commitment to the future of NATO. This resolution reaffirms what should be obvious and urges President Trump to do the same in committing to this transatlantic alliance and to stand resolute against Russian aggres-sion. We know hostile nations will seek to exploit the strained relationship be-tween NATO and the United States, and we can’t allow this to happen. If our President won’t do it, then Con-gress must. We need to act to reassure that America can still be trusted to stand for the values that inspired the creation of NATO and to stand by our allies and friends who share our goal for a peaceful world. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
PROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS AUTHORIZATION  
BILL 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I want to begin my remarks by commending our colleagues in the House for taking up a bill later today that I introduced with the junior Senator from Michigan, Mr. P
ETERS , and Congresswoman C OM-
STOCK over in the House of Representa-tives. We passed this bill unanimously in the Senate in May. I know people be-lieve that nothing happens in a bipar-tisan way around here and that cer-tainly if it does happen, we are sharply divided somehow, but this bill passed unanimously, defying that suspicion or that intuition. Once the House passes it, it will be headed to the President’s desk for his signature and will become the law of the land. This bill authorizes a program called Project Safe Neighborhoods, which is a nationwide partnership between Fed-eral, State, and local law enforcement authorities and prosecutors focused on reducing crime and improving public safety through stronger community partnerships and targeting the most se-rious criminal organizations and repeat offenders. Since its inception in 2001, Project Safe Neighborhoods has proved to re-duce violent crime in cities with high participation rates, including double- digit reductions in firearms crimes and homicides. Let me say that again. Since 2001, where it has been used, those jurisdictions and those commu-nities have seen double-digit reduc-tions in firearms crimes and homicides. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.018 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3012 June 6, 2018 
One of the most important elements of the program is a focus on criminal organizations. When Federal, State, and local law enforcement work to-gether to focus on those who control criminal networks, we can defeat them outright. This will also bolster other efforts we are undertaking as the Fed-eral Government to address gun vio-lence and school safety. By the way, I commend Attorney General Sessions for ramping up pros-ecutions of gun-related crimes, espe-cially the so-called lie-and-buy inci-dents, where people lie about or other-wise hide their criminal background in order to obtain firearms illegally. Now we have taken a big step to im-prove the criminal background check system used when somebody enters a sporting goods store or gun shop to buy a firearm. If you are a convicted felon, if you have been convicted of domestic violence, if you have been dishonorably discharged from the military, you can-not, under current law, purchase a fire-arm or possess a firearm legally. But what has happened—and we saw this in Sutherland Springs because of the bro-ken background check system—often the derogatory or disqualifying infor-mation is not uploaded into the back-ground check system, so people enter these sporting goods stores and pur-chase a firearm by lying, even though they are already disqualified under Federal law. We have taken a big step here in Congress on a bipartisan basis to shut that down. It is going to take some time to fix that system, so it is important in the interim, certainly, at least, to have the Department of Jus-tice focus on those who lie and buy firearms illegally. Under Attorney General Sessions, en-forcement of our existing gun laws has been dramatically improved. There was a 15-percent increase in all Federal gun prosecutions last year. People like me believe we ought to focus on the per-son, on the individual, and not on the instrumentality or the tool, because obviously law-abiding citizens are not a threat to public safety and certainly don’t go out and commit crimes. But by focusing on criminals and people who are not legally qualified to pur-chase a firearm in the first place or possess one under current law, we can help improve public safety and lower the crime rate. What is happening under Attorney General Sessions and this administra-tion is in great contrast to what we saw under Eric Holder, who often failed to enforce existing gun laws adequately against violent criminals. Those who illegally possess or purchase firearms must be held accountable, and I am glad to see the Congress and adminis-tration working together to ensure that happens. The Project Safe Neighborhoods Au-thorization Act is another important piece of our bipartisan commitment to reduce violent crime by focusing on the most serious offenders and improving law enforcement relations with the communities they serve. It is impor-tant that Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies work together in close coordination because then we can solve the most complex challenges that drive violent crime and make our com-munities safer. The Project Safe Neigh-borhoods Authorization Act is a sig-nificant step in that direction. 
STUDENT VISA PROGRAM  
On another topic, Mr. President, this afternoon, I will be chairing a Judici-ary subcommittee hearing titled ‘‘Stu-dent Visa Integrity: Protecting Edu-cational Opportunity and National Se-curity.’’ We are blessed in America with a world-class higher education and uni-versity system. Everybody wants to come to America to go to college or graduate school, and that is a good thing, by and large. The point of to-day’s hearing, though, is to raise awareness about a very real issue that we must be diligently aware of and to hear from Federal agencies responsible for our national security, visa policy, and the vetting of foreign nationals be-cause we know our open society here in America is also exploited by our adver-saries for their own benefit and to un-dermine our national security at home. We hope to shed light on policies and procedures that are in place or should be in place to address what has become a growing source of concern. That issue primarily but not solely relates to Chi-na’s aggressive activity to surpass the United States on all fronts—militarily, economically, and technologically— and use whatever means necessary— legal or not, open or secret—to achieve their goals. The interesting thing about China is they have advertised their plans. They are there for the world to see, and all we need to do is read what they have said they intend to do. Through its ‘‘Made in China 2025’’ strategy, China is accelerating its efforts to acquire U.S. intellectual property and sensitive research, and that is where our univer-sities come in. That is where most of the important research takes place. This past February, FBI Director Wray testified before the Senate Intel-ligence Committee about the security risks posed by certain foreign students, visiting scientists, and scholars at America’s colleges and universities. Di-rector Wray’s remarks were brief, and because of the sensitive and classified nature of the issue, he could not pro-vide the full context and breadth of the concerns in an open setting, but what he has said publicly is alarming. He said that the FBI is ‘‘watching warily.’’ He said that ‘‘naivete’’ was ex-acerbating the problem. I think that by ‘‘naivete,’’ he meant a lack of public awareness about the problem and thus a lack of vigilance on the part of our university systems and the public gen-erally—that is what he was referring to as ‘‘naivete’’—and it is hurting our na-tional security. He also said that the Chinese Govern-ment has been very aggressive about planting spies—foreign intelligence of-ficers—on our university campuses and our research facilities in order to ac-complish its goals. That is not the only way they are doing it, but that is a sig-nificant way they are trying to achieve the goals they set in ‘‘Made in China 2025,’’ enhancing their national secu-rity and robbing us of our techno-logical advantage. Particularly when it comes to military-use technology, they are all in. It is an all-of-government approach. As I said, we are fortunate to have the top universities in the world, and they are known for their open research and development environment, which fosters collaboration and innovation across a broad array of industry sec-tors and academic disciplines. That is a good thing, but what is happening now, as Director Wray said, is that foreign actors are taking advantage of that en-vironment—again, of our vulnerability as an open environment—and they are using it to study, learn, and acquire sensitive information, to the detriment of U.S. national security. This is not an isolated problem. Di-rector Wray said the Bureau is moni-toring universities from virtually all of its 56 field offices across the Nation, not just in major cities. So it is not just New York, San Francisco, Chi-cago, Los Angeles, Dallas, or Houston; it is all across the country. Approximately 350,000 Chinese stu-dents are enrolled at U.S. univer-sities—350,000. That is 35 percent of all foreign students in the United States. As those numbers suggest, there is ample opportunity for mischief. Most—and I want to emphasize the word ‘‘most’’—most students and vis-iting scholars come for legitimate rea-sons, and we welcome them. We should welcome them. They come here to learn, share our culture, and con-tribute their talents to the United States. I think our educational system here in America is one of the greatest elements of our soft power, where we invite foreign students to come to study in our colleges and universities and learn more about who we are and about our values and to take those back home and become natural allies with us in making the world a better and safer place. But it is important to note that the Chinese Communist Party, which dominates the Govern-ment in China, has the capacity to in-fluence all students from that country who come here and the academics. I want to emphasize that this is not about restricting student visas. Stu-dents from across the world are wel-come to come and study at our colleges and universities, and I encourage all of them to explore opportunities for them to do so. It is good for them, and it is good for us. What the hearing is about and what we should all be concerned about are security risks and the theft of intellectual property at our univer-sities. Again, as the FBI Director said, we shouldn’t be naive. This theft is occur-ring, it is well documented, and we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.019 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3013 June 6, 2018 
have to take the necessary preventive measures to ensure that it doesn’t con-tinue to occur. While I have highlighted China’s ac-tivities, these concerns are certainly not limited to one country. There are other countries, including state spon-sors of terrorism, like Iran, that are actively working to steal U.S. tech-nology, bypass expensive U.S. research and development, and exploit the stu-dent visa program to gain information that will benefit their countries. It seems like such a logical target for them. If they have no regard for the rule of law, if they can steal tech-nology that we have spent years and billions of dollars to develop and ac-quire and implement, it is a huge eco-nomic advantage for them, and it helps catapult their national security appa-ratus in ways that eventually will overcome our national security struc-ture itself. As one example, just this last March, the Department of Justice indicted 9 Iranian hackers who had stolen more than 31 terabytes of information, total-ing $3 billion in intellectual property, from more than 300 American and for-eign universities. While I have said that China is the biggest, most obvious culprit, there are others, as well, and we hope to discuss all of them in our hearing. Finally, let me say that our colleges and universities, again, have become a mecca for foreign nationals because of the high-quality education and the aca-demic and cultural freedoms that exist in America. In order to preserve those crown jewels, we have to make sure that American research is protected and that the intellectual property de-veloped in our colleges and universities is protected. Today’s hearing in the Judiciary Committee about the student visa pro-gram is about protecting the edu-cational atmosphere we have worked generations to build in this country. Again, our higher education system is the envy of the world. That is why stu-dents come here. They flock here, as many as can, in order to study at our colleges and universities. Again, this is a good thing. We need to hear how U.S. institutions and higher education can actively protect their most sensitive areas from potential intrusion from foreign states with less than honorable purposes and intent. In addition to the testimony we are going to hear from Federal agencies this afternoon at the hearing, we are going to hear from Texas A&M Univer-sity, which has been recognized for its excellence in providing security for that research and intellectual prop-erty, which are targets for foreign ac-tors. We are going to hear from NAFSA, the Association of Inter-national Educators, about the value and talent foreign nationals bring to the U.S. national education system. As these panelists will suggest, this is a complex problem. No one is suggesting that it is not. There are a lot of dif-ferent angles to it, and we need to do our best to learn and listen from all sides and make good policy decisions about what we should do in response to this threat. I look forward to learning about how we can continue to open our doors to foreign students and, at the same time, protect ourselves from espionage and outright theft, which ultimately makes our country less safe. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The Senator from Flor-ida. 
FACEBOOK  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, it is interesting that the majority whip just spoke about China, and this Senator wants to talk about Facebook and some of the things that are threatening national security and our personal pri-vacy. I rise to speak about the recent press reports on Facebook and how the social media giant partnered with at least 60 mobile device manufacturers and shared user information with the likes of Apple, Amazon, BlackBerry, Micro-soft, and Samsung. Just today, on the subject of China, the New York Times is reporting that Facebook also partnered with four Chinese electronic manufacturers, including Huawei, which is known to have close ties with the Chinese Government and may pose a national security threat to the United States. According to the Times, these companies had access to vast amounts of Facebook’s user data, in-cluding the information of friends who may not have provided proper consent to access and share their personal and their personally identifiable informa-tion. We don’t know all of the facts yet, but it is clear that what Facebook claims and what the New York Times is reporting doesn’t end up squaring up. As a result, the chairman of the Com-merce Committee, Senator T
HUNE , and I as ranking member wrote a letter to Mark Zuckerberg, asking that he an-swer a number of questions about the New York Times’ reporting. Specifi-cally, Senator T
HUNE and I want to know exactly who these business part-ners are and what the nature of these agreements is. We want to know what safeguards are in place and whether Facebook conducted adequate over-sight to protect user or customer infor-mation from unauthorized use and storage. We also asked whether Facebook users and the Federal Trade Commission were aware of these busi-ness agreements. Currently, Facebook is operating under a 2011 consent order as part of a settlement with the FTC, and it is not clear whether these data-sharing agree-ments are in violation of that order. The bottom line is that these revela-tions are yet another example of ques-tionable business practices by Facebook that could undermine basic consumer privacy. Remember, less than 2 months ago, Mr. Zuckerberg appeared in front of our committee in a joint committee hearing with the Judiciary Committee to answer questions in the face of the Cambridge Analytica fiasco. At that hearing, Mr. Zuckerberg apologized for his company’s negligence and pledged to do better. He also asserted that con-sumers own their personal information and control how it can be seen and used. I want to repeat what I just said. Zuckerberg also asserted that con-sumers—their users—own their per-sonal information and control how it can be seen and used. That is what Zuckerberg said in our committee hearing. The reporting in the New York Times suggests that is not accurate. While Mr. Zuckerberg asserted that app de-velopers were prohibited from col-lecting friends’ information in 2014, he failed to mention that device manufac-turers were still able to access the in-formation. He never revealed these data-sharing agreements in our com-mittee meeting, the hearing in April of this year. As a result, it is hard to know what is true anymore. Now we learn that Facebook gave Chinese companies be-lieved to be national security risks ac-cess to user data. What in the world is next, and what in the world is going to protect Americans’ personally identifi-able, private information? Facebook is the most popular social media platform in the world with over 2 billion users, and in the United States, there are over 200 million users. Those users interact with each other and post sensitive, personal informa-tion. The company has a unique re-sponsibility to its users to be vigilant caretakers of personally identifiable information. They also have a responsi-bility to be transparent. I look forward to Mr. Zuckerberg’s response to the letter that Senator THUNE and I sent to him just recently. It is high time that Congress act to provide all American consumers with the basic privacy protections they ex-pect and deserve in order to be pro-tected, and they are counting on us to do that. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Missouri. 
ECONOMIC GROWTH AND NOMINATIONS  
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I wish to talk about the economy today, some-thing that most of us are talking about when we are home, and for good reason. Yesterday the Labor Department an-nounced that our economy hit a mile-stone that we never hit before in the time that we have been measuring 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.020 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3014 June 6, 2018 
these two things at the same time. There are now more jobs available in the United States than there are job seekers. When I was in Missouri last week, we did a number of events all over the State. At that time, I was confident that in the 12 States in the middle of the country, there were more jobs than people looking for jobs. That was news. But even bigger news is the news that was announced yesterday, that there are 6.7 million job openings and there aren’t 6.7 million people on unemploy-ment. In fact, the unemployment rate is 3.8 percent. It matches the lowest number we have seen in 50 years. The last time numbers were this low, in fact, was during the Vietnam war, when many young men were being drafted into the military. That was the last time we had an unemployment rate this low. Everybody understands—and they should understand—that the 6.7 million jobs don’t necessarily have 6.7 million people ready for exactly the jobs that are out there. That should encourage us, among other things, to be thinking about what we need to be doing to make sure that people are either pre-pared for jobs or they have the skills to allow them quickly to become prepared for the jobs that are available. Two- thirds of Americans say it is a good time to find a job. That is 25 percent more than in the last administration who think it is a good time to find work. Working with the President, the Sen-ate and the House have done what we could to fuel the economy. The House and Senate both have rolled back regu-lations that didn’t meet the common-sense test and passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The President of the United States kept telling us: Don’t call this tax reform. Who knows what that means or where it might wind up. What we want to do here is to cut people’s taxes, increase their take-home pay, and do things that increase jobs. In the 10 cities I was in last week, I think I saw virtually every reporter in the State. At least every reporting agency had somebody at those events. We had roundtables with employers. We had meetings with people who were able to buy a house that they couldn’t buy otherwise. We had people who real-ly appreciated the extra $500 a year or the extra $152 a month or the extra $200 a month that they were seeing in their family budget, which last year would have been sent to Washington, DC. I said many times during that tax cut debate that there are two ways to increase people’s pay. One is to take less money out of it. We said that if we passed that bill, 9 out of 10 people who paid taxes last year would pay fewer taxes this year. And the second way we increase people’s take-home pay is to give them a better job, to start with. That is what happens in a growing economy. One of the things I thought was most surprising was how many employers stepped up, and in how many different ways, to say: We appreciate this econ-omy and will reward our workforce like we, frankly, didn’t know we could af-ford to do and knew we didn’t have to do in a more stagnant economy in the past. Some companies gave bonuses. Some companies gave other benefits. There were several companies that in-creased their minimum level of pay, whatever that was. One major national retailer said they were going to increase their minimum wage to $11. Over the next specific number of months, they were going to increase that $11 minimum to a $14 minimum—not because the govern-ment told them they had to do that, but they wanted to be sure that in a growing economy they kept their em-ployees. According to a recent National Fed-eration of Independent Business sur-vey, 76 percent of small business own-ers believe the current business cli-mate is headed in the right direction. According to the National Associa-tion of Manufacturers, 86 percent of those manufacturers plan to increase investments thanks to tax reform, 77 percent say they are planning to in-crease hiring, and 72 percent said they plan to increase wages for their em-ployees. That is the kind of thing that happens in a growing economy. I was at Gray Manufacturing in St. Joseph, MI, last week. The president of that company, Stet Schanze, said his company is among those feeling opti-mistic about the future. They are try-ing right now to find the 20 workers they need to fill the 20 jobs they have. In my hometown of Springfield, Mary Beth Hartman, the president of a local construction company, said she had been able not only to hand out em-ployee bonuses but to buy new equip-ment. They could buy the new trucks they had been waiting for some time to buy until they were sure they moved from a time when you have to take what money you have and repair some-thing to where you really can make the kind of long-term investment that, frankly, the tax bill encourages you to do. Also, if your business is doing as well as you did last year, you have more money than you had last year. You can take some of that money off the table and buy the equipment and replace the equipment that you had been hoping to do for a long time. Jamie Burger, the Scott County Pre-siding Commissioner, told me: Every-where we go, hiring signs are up. That is new in our State. I think it is true all over the country. At least a million new jobs have been created since the Tax Code changes passed. I will be re-minded by the President if I don’t say it: It wasn’t the Tax Code changes. It was the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that the Congress and the President worked to-gether to create. I met local officials and business owners who were located in oppor-tunity zones. This is an idea that is in the tax bill. Senator S COTT and others were really thinking about what we can do to encourage people to put money in those communities that aren’t doing as well as others around them. So you take economically dis-tressed areas and allow a new kind of investment to occur in those census areas. You take your capital gains profits, which you very likely made somewhere else, and you put them in real estate or in a business or you in-vest them in some other way in one of the opportunity zones. We have 161 in our State. When I was with Mayor Hark of Han-nibal and local officials in Hannibal, they were certainly talking about what to do there in Kansas City. I was with the electric company, Kansas City Power and Light. They actually have based a new local access point in one of those opportunity zones near the his-toric 18th and Vine area, the jazz area in Kansas City. They were talking about that particular opportunity to talk about what the Tax Code changes have done and what the tax cuts bill has done. They are in the process of re-ducing electric bills for their cus-tomers by $100 billion because that is how many fewer tax dollars they are going to send to Washington than they did last year. By the way, every one of those tax dollars gets passed along to a rate payer, just like every one of those tax savings also gets passed along to a rate payer. The economy is moving again. The tsunami of redtape that we saw in the last few years, piling well over $100 bil-lion of extra costs going to the govern-ment, is gone. By their own estimates, that number was up to $700 billion, when you project that number into the 10-year future. That is $700 billion of redtape. When the President took office, he was able to eliminate some things that hadn’t gotten done yet. Congress was able to overturn 16 rules that had sig-nificant compliance cost savings under the Congressional Review Act. It had been used exactly one time in the his-tory of the law until this Congress and this President were able to reverse rules that were slowing the economy down, like the clean power rule, which would have doubled utility bills in Mis-souri in a decade or so. The waters of the United States rule would have put the EPA in charge of things they shouldn’t be in charge of. By the way, neither of those rules have been al-lowed to go into effect—not because of the calendar but because of the courts. In both cases, the courts said to the past administration: You can’t do that. Instead of continuing to appeal the ‘‘you can’t do that’’ decision by courts, the Trump administration reversed those policies. We still have lots of pro-tections, but we don’t have protections beyond what the government is legally allowed to do. By the way, those protections were just so-called protections. They defi-nitely would have slowed the economy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.022 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3015 June 6, 2018 
down. Whether they would have defi-nitely added much to either our water or our power policies is a big debate. Keeping regulations where they need to be and working to confirm well- qualified nominees to both the courts and the administration are really im-portant. We are going to be here in August this year. I wouldn’t want to fall into the trap of suggesting that Congress isn’t taking a vacation in August. What Congress isn’t doing in August— at least the Senate is not able to do— is to be home doing the work we need to do at home. Part of the job as a Member of the House and Member of the Senate is to be talking to people where they work, talking to people they work for, seeing those problems firsthand, and being part of that dis-cussion going on where they live. We are not doing that this August. Our leader said we are going to be here. Part of it is because the other side has just taken so much time to make it dif-ficult for the President to get his team in place. We never had anything like this happen before in the history of the country for judges and U.S. attorneys to be confirmed. Senate Democrats have forced 100 cloture votes. What is a cloture vote? A cloture vote, really, is a demand that you have up to 30 hours of debate before someone is confirmed. Yesterday we had this long time set aside for debate. They in-sisted on it. There was, not so shockingly, no debate. The vote was al-most unanimous, after hours of not being able to do anything but have the floor open for debate for someone who there was no debate about. That has happened 100 times in this Congress and Presidency. In the last 15 months, that has happened 100 times. In the previous six administrations, in the first full 2 years of all six of them combined, that happened 24 times. So we have gone from an average of 4 times per Presidency for the last six Presidencies to 100 times for this Presi-dency. That is not acceptable. The long-term solution to that, by the way, is not to be here in August. The long-term solution is to change that rule. That rule is being abused. It needs to be changed. The committee chair has voted that rules change out of the committee. When my colleagues get tired of the rules being abused, that is when we will be able to change the rules. At the same time, we confirmed a lot of judges. As a matter of fact, 18 per-cent—one out of eight—of all Federal court of appeals judges have been nom-inated by President Trump and con-firmed by the Senate. Our friends on the other side say: Well, jeez, how can you be bragging about the President being able to get all of those judges confirmed and com-plaining about how much time it took? They know and I know and people watching the Senate know that we managed to get those judges confirmed, but the loss—and it was a devastating loss—was the ability to get on with other legislative work. We should be debating the appropriations bills one bill at a time. We ought to have an in-frastructure bill on the floor. Today we should be debating the Defense Author-ization Act. We have a lot of work to do, and our friends on the other side of the aisle know that every hour they force to be taken for something else—and cer-tainly a lifetime judicial appointment is important, but every hour they force to be needlessly taken for that is an hour that the Senate can’t get to any-thing else. We are going to put a lot of those hours back on the table in Au-gust, and we are going to continue to do that work and hopefully do the work publicly and visibly and in a way where every Member is allowed to offer every amendment they want to, to de-bate how we spend people’s money, to debate how we defend the country, and to debate how we try to do things that encourage us to be more competitive. We have a full agenda ahead of us. We are going to be here for the rest of the year working on that agenda. I look forward to that. Hopefully the economic news will continue. Even the New York Times—a group that has run out of words to use to praise the administration or the Congress—said last week that they had run out of words to talk about how good the job numbers were. When the New York Times runs out of words to talk about how good the economy is, the economy must be really good. It can be better. It needs to be better. We need to continue to see people not just with more take-home pay, but now our goal should be more take-home pay be-cause they have better jobs, and people have better jobs in a stronger economy. We are headed in that direction. Let’s be sure that we continue to head there. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, last week I traveled all around my home State of Wyoming, and many Senators have done the same in their home States over the last week. I will tell my colleagues that the people I talked with had a great sense of optimism, confidence, and positiveness in terms of how things were going with their lives. People were feeling very positive about the American economy, about their own lives, and of course about their future. We just saw new numbers on Friday showing that the American economy has created more than 1 million new jobs since we passed the Tax Relief and Jobs Act in December. Since President Trump was elected, we have actually gotten more than 3 million more Amer-icans working. Unemployment is now at 3.8 percent, and that matches the lowest rate in 50 years. Even the New York Times ran a headline saying: ‘‘We Ran Out of Words to Describe How Good the Jobs Num-bers Are.’’ Think about that, the New York Times: ‘‘We Ran Out of Words to De-scribe How Good the Jobs Numbers Are.’’ Every month we have been adding thousands of new jobs in construction, in manufacturing, in healthcare, and mining. We have had strong and steady growth, and the American people and American families are benefiting in every part of the country. It is not just that people are getting jobs; it is that the jobs are paying better as well. According to the most recent survey by the National Federation of Inde-pendent Business, there were a record number of small companies raising their wages last month—a record num-ber raising wages. Average wages are up by 2.7 percent over the last year. Employers can pay more because busi-ness is booming. They need more work-ers. On Tuesday, the Bureau of Labor Statistics said there are now 6.7 mil-lion job openings across the country. That is an alltime high. The Labor De-partment says that for the first time ever, there are actually more job open-ings than there are unemployed people who are looking for work. It is an incredible situation. People look around them and see all of the hiring that is going on and all of the pay raises; it just makes people con-fident because they see it at home in their communities. It is not just some-thing they read in the newspaper. It is not just something they see on TV. It is what they see at home in their com-munities in their own lives and in their own paychecks. Consumer confidence is at an 18-year high. People know things are going well. They know they have more money in their pockets, and they know the American economy is thriving. The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta says they are at a pace for the econ-omy to grow over 4 percent during the second quarter of this year. Remember that Democrats have been saying there was no way we could even get to 3 percent. Now the Federal Re-serve of Atlanta is saying over 4 per-cent, and they say we are actually heading to close to 5. It is excellent news, and it is not an accident. That is the thing, it is not an accident. It is happening because of the policies Re-publicans are implementing in Con-gress and in the White House. It is a partnership. President Trump has been in office for 500 days, and it has been an incred-ibly productive time. He has been wip-ing burdensome and unnecessary regu-lations off the books. He has been mak-ing it easier for people to do their jobs, easier to live their lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3016 June 6, 2018 
President Trump issued an order cut-ting government redtape. He said for every significant new rule an agency wanted to write, it had to get rid of two rules. For every one new rule, get rid of two. The result has been even better than expected. So far, in this fiscal year, agencies have cut 38 major regulations of the kind the President has been talking about. At the same time, they have only written five new regulations that are major regulations. President Trump said he would cut two for every one new regulation, but what we really see is that the number is much closer to eight regulations cut for every new one. Republicans in Congress have done the same. We have been cutting red-tape. We have been loosening Washing-ton’s stranglehold on the economy, and we can see it in the economy every day. We have been cutting the man-dates and the restrictions that hold back growth. We have cut the taxes people pay. The tax relief law we passed in De-cember was the biggest tax cut in 36 years. It gave people an immediate boost in their take-home pay. Millions of Americans also got bonuses and raises because of the law. It has been an enormous boost for the overall econ-omy. We have a strong, healthy, and growing economy. It is interesting because every Demo-crat in the Senate voted against the tax cut—every one of them. In fact, N
ANCY PELOSI , the former Speaker of the House, said that if she had it her way, Democrats would get rid of the tax relief law and actually raise taxes again. The American people know that would be a disaster. Democrats’ ideas for higher taxes and lower take-home pay for families and more government regulation—which is what the Demo-crats are proposing—would do incred-ible damage to our economy and to our country. Democrats tried their ideas when they were in charge, and they have failed. We had slow economic growth. We had stagnant wages. Democrats tried to say this was the new normal for America. The American people knew that could not be the new nor-mal; it wasn’t good enough. The Amer-ican people will not tolerate it, and they voted to change it. People said they wanted Republican ideas and Republican policies. Now they are seeing the results, and they are living with the benefits. People are seeing jobs numbers that are so good they have run out of words. As the headline says: We have run out of words to describe how good the jobs numbers are. It has been 500 days, and we are just getting started. What we need to do now is keep looking for ways to create a growing economy, a strong economy, a healthy economy, with larger pay-checks and more prosperity right here at home for American families. One place we can do this is in the area of infrastructure. We can start with water infrastructure. These are the systems that deliver drinking water and treat wastewater. They pro-vide water for our crops and cattle and small businesses. They are used to ship American-made goods from the heart-land to the coasts and around the world. They keep our homes safe from dangerous floodwaters. They store water for times of drought. These systems are vital to our coun-try. They support America’s economic growth and American competitiveness. We need to build, maintain, and up-grade them. Over the past 50 years, we have gone from being a society that spends much more on construction to one spending much more on consumption. As a re-sult, our bridges and our roads, dams, and waterways have suffered. That is why I introduced the America’s Water Infrastructure Act. It is a bipartisan bill—something Republicans and Democrats agree we should do. It is a way to grow the economy, to cut Wash-ington’s redtape, and keep commu-nities safe. We are going to have a chance in the coming weeks to pass America’s Water Infrastructure Act. Then we are going to look for more ways and things we can do to keep America growing and strong. That is what Republicans in Congress are committed to doing. What this President and this Con-gress have accomplished together has truly been historic. We need to keep going. It is what the American people expect from us, and it is actually what they deserve. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to bring two baskets of hemp products to the floor of the Senate. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
HEMP FARMING ACT  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, it was not very long ago when I was on the floor of the Senate with the distin-guished majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , and the two of us were making the case for our bipartisan bill to legalize hemp, which we are very much interested in having included in the farm bill. I will talk a little bit more about our work on that. Our original sponsors were Senator M
ERKLEY and Senator P AUL, and since then we have added 28 additional Mem-bers of the U.S. Senate as cosponsors. What I am going to do this afternoon for just a few minutes is talk about why it is so important that our bipar-tisan legislation, now cosponsored by almost one-third of this body, get en-acted and be included as part of the farm bill. It is Hemp History Week again, and that is why I am back on the Senate floor to talk about the only schedule I controlled substance you can sew into a T-shirt and wear through TSA. Here, as we start, is the real head- scratcher: Products made with hemp are perfectly legal, but growing indus-trial hemp is a crime. There can’t be many policies on the book that are more anti-farmer than that one. So I have a bottom line, which I discussed with Majority Leader MCCONNELL re-cently on the floor of the Senate; that is, if you can buy it at a supermarket in America, our farmers ought to be al-lowed to grow it in America. For me, this issue goes back to a trip my wife and I took to a grocery store near our home in Southeast Portland. Nancy was pregnant with our youngest daughter at the time, and we were al-ways on the hunt for healthy foods that would fill our cart. So we grabbed the fruits and vegetables, and there, perched on one of the shelves, was a large bag of hemp hearts. The pack-aging had really big, colorful text, and it said that it was heart-healthy and protein-rich. But I knew the product couldn’t have been grown in the United States because there was a Federal ban. So I looked at this product, and I turned to my wife and I said: You know, hemp growers in places like Can-ada and China must be laughing all the way to the bank. They are cashing in while our farmers have their hands tied by the current hemp restrictions. So here with me on the floor is one of our very capable young staffers, Mal-colm, from Southern Oregon. Malcolm is holding a variety of products that are made with hemp, this schedule I substance that our laws make out to be a perilous danger to the public. For a few minutes, let’s take a look at what Malcolm has. He has a few schedule I snack bars. He has some schedule I hand soap. He is even wear-ing a schedule I necktie. The point is, they are all perfectly legal products that you will find on shelves in stores throughout the Nation. But because the hemp had to be imported, none of it could be considered fully American- made. So, as I have with the majority lead-er on past occasions, I want to make sure everyone understands a simple fact about hemp. Hemp is not a drug, and treating it like one was wrong from the get-go. Smoking hemp would be nothing but a waste of time, breath, and lighter fluid. It defies common sense that our laws consider hemp to be dangerous and addictive like crystal meth. Having one too many hemp gra-nola bars might give you a stomach ache, but you aren’t going to land in the hospital. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.025 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3017 June 6, 2018 
So hemp is not a drug. What it is, is a huge opportunity for American farm-ers. That is why the original sponsors of this legislation—Senator M
CCON-
NELL , Senator M ERKLEY , Senator P AUL, and I—introduced the Hemp Farming Act of 2018. It is the latest version of a bill that I began putting in front of this body in 2012. Our bill would end hemp’s days as a controlled substance, and it would le-galize its growth in America. What the bill does is clear the way for farmers in Oregon, Kentucky, and literally from sea to shining sea, it gives the green light to farmers across the land who are clamoring for the growth that le-galized industrial hemp would bring for their farms and their communities. Nearly 2 months after my colleagues and I introduced the Hemp Farming Act, as I said, a very large delegation of Senators of both political parties have signed on as cosponsors. Demo-cratic Senators, Republican Senators— we can have some pretty spirited dis-agreements around here, but these are Senators who know a brainless, anti- farmer policy when you see one. There is a companion bill in the other body that has strong bipartisan support as well. So we are going to keep at it, our bipartisan coalition, in order to build support for this through-out the days ahead. Here in the Senate, Members are hard at work putting together a bipar-tisan farm bill, and we are very pleased to see the leadership on both the ma-jority side and the minority side— Chairman R
OBERTS and Senator S TABE -
NOW—working very closely to put to-gether a bipartisan farm bill, which would be a perfect opportunity to move this forward. I am constantly saying at home in Oregon—very supportive of agriculture: Let’s grow it in America. Let’s add value to it in many America, and let’s ship it wherever we can in order to cre-ate jobs—jobs that start on the farm. We have momentum growing, and that is why Hemp History Week—this time when I come to the floor and talk about this broad array of products—is designed to get the facts out about growing hemp. Before growing hemp was made ille-gal, hemp was among the predominant American crops for generations. It was grown in the fields of Mount Vernon. It was threaded into the ropes and sails of the first ships made for the U.S. Navy. If hemp were easier to rhyme, it might even have its own lyric in ‘‘America the Beautiful,’’ right alongside ‘‘amber waves of grain.’’ I believe it is long past time for Con-gress to throw out an anti-farmer pol-icy and legalize—by the way, both lead-ers of this body, Senator M
CCONNELL  and Senator S
CHUMER , are cosponsors of this bill because they understand that it defies common sense to be anti- farmer in this way. Both leaders of this body share the view that it is time to legalize the industrial growth of hemp. This is just a modest number of prod-ucts made of hemp. Products made with hemp constitute a $1 billion mar-ket in this country. If there is only one thing I have said today that people will remember in all this, it ought to be that if you can buy it in a grocery store in America, farm-ers ought to be able to grow it in America. It is just that simple. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. WORK OF THE SENATE  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, in the last 24 hours, Senator M
CCONNELL  announced that the Senate will still be in session in August. I don’t know of any Senator who loves being in Wash-ington, DC, in August. Quite frankly, it is a hot, humid, miserable place. I would much rather be in Oklahoma with other folks whom I serve, getting to spend some time there. The Senate is in session 11 months of the year. The only month we are not in session traditionally is August. But we have a problem. The work is not get-ting done in the Senate. If the options are to be in Washington, DC, and get the work done or to be back in my State and see the folks in my State but knowing that the legislative work is undone, then the decision should be to get the work done. Senator M
CCONNELL announced yes-terday that in August we will be here. We have two big issues as the reason we should be here in August to get some things done. One is the nomina-tions issue. This is an issue that has, quite frankly, picked up a lot of speed this year. Last year in our nominations process, we had a record slow process to try to get nominations through. This year, more nominations have got-ten through. Let me give an example of what we are up against. In the past 6 Presidents, there have been a total of 25 cloture votes for nominations in the first 2 years of the Presidency—25 total, all 6 combined. Right now, President Trump is at 100 cloture votes so far for his nominations. You may say, what is the big deal about that? Each one of those basically consumes a full day on the Senate floor—each one. In the past, if it was a controversial nominee, there would be additional time that would be re-quested, and that time would be done. It has been done 25 times over 6 Presi-dents. To do it 100 times for President Trump—it is obvious it is intentionally slowing down the Senate because when we are dealing with what is called postcloture debate time on a nominee, we can’t deal with anything else. We can’t deal with legislation. We can’t deal with any other topic, so the Sen-ate comes to a stop. One hundred days have been lost just doing that, lost time. We have a lot of nominees who still need to go through, which traditionally went through by voice vote or in rapid succession. The White House still has a lot of nominees. They are due to be sent to us as well. They can continue to send those nominees, but the nomi-nees who are here, who have gone through the committee process and have been fully vetted—it is time to bring those to a vote so the President can have his staff. In 2013, Republicans and Democrats agreed together that things started to slow down a little bit in 2012 on some nominees. Republicans and Democrats came together to change the rule for how much time would be set aside for nominees. Harry Reid did a presen-tation during that time period and sup-ported a proposal: 2 hours of time for district court judges, 8 hours of time for just about everybody else, except for Supreme Court, circuit court, and the Cabinet—they would still be 30 hours. Republicans joined Democrats in 2013 and agreed on that. For a 2-year time period, Republicans and Democrats agreed alike that was a reasonable amount of time for postcloture debate—2 hours, 8 hours, or 30 hours, depending on who that was. That expired at the end of 2014. I brought that back up. I brought it to the Rules Committee. The Rules Com-mittee has debated it. The Rules Com-mittee has now voted it out of the com-mittee. My simple recommendation is, this was a Democratic proposal in 2013 for that time period. I think if it was good for the Democrats in 2013 and 2014, it should be good for Republicans or Democrats from here on out—to not just have it for the next 2 years but to say that is a simple rule to get the Senate back to functioning again. My concern is, now with 100 cloture votes that have been done in the past year and a half on nominations, the next time there is a Democratic Presi-dent—and there will be at some future time—you can be assured that the Re-publicans are going to do at least 100 cloture votes to them, and we will slow down government just as much. That doesn’t help us long term. We have to get out of this cycle, and we are in a downward cycle of trying to deal with nominees. We need to be here in Au-gust to work through nominees be-cause we have not had enough time be-cause 100 days have been lost just sit-ting on cloture votes, waiting on that to happen. The second aspect of this I want to remind people of is this: We need to be here in August, to work through this time period, because appropriations need to be done. In 18 of the last 20 years, this Congress has done an omni-bus bill; that is, taking the 12 different appropriations bills, throwing them all together with no amendments, getting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.026 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3018 June 6, 2018 
the text of it the night before, and say-ing: Everyone, just vote on it tomor-row. That has happened in 18 of the last 20 years. We have bad muscle memory. Twen-ty-five years ago, this Congress would debate those bills one at a time, bring them up onto the floor, and amend them. Democrats and Republicans would have input into those bills, and then they would pass. They would then be conferenced with the House and go to the White House for signatures. That really wasn’t that long ago. Quite frankly, college students who are grad-uating right now have no memory of this Congress ever doing the appropria-tions process the right way. It has never happened in their lifetime. We have to fix this. The argument has been that we only have 50 workdays left before the end of the fiscal year. The only way to get some of those workdays back is to add in August. We have to get the appro-priations process back on track. I hope most of this body can remem-ber the early morning hours in March of this year when this Senate passed a 2,232-page omnibus bill that zero Mem-bers in this body had read because there was physically not enough time to even read it. We got it late one night and had to pass it the very next night. In fact, the House passed it at noon the next day—merely hours after they re-ceived the bill. We can’t do this. We can do better. The only way to do it is to get time back in our schedule. I commend the leader for putting time back in the schedule. Senator P
ERDUE , I, and 14 other Senators wrote him a letter and said that we need to consider this to get nominations done, to get appropriations done. If we can-not get the work done in the time we have, we have to make more time, and we have to get this done. I commend the leader for this, but I also challenge this body to say that we should not squander the days we have. None of us are going to enjoy being here in August when there are lots of others things we would like to do in our home States, but let’s get the work done because it is important for the fu-ture of the country, and the country expects us to finish well what we are doing. Mr. President, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Maryland. 
NORTH KOREA  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, next month will be the 65th anniversary of the armistice that ended the battles and bloodshed of the Korean war. As I am sure my colleagues know, the Ko-rean war was never officially ended. Over the last 65 years, we have seen hostility on the Korean Peninsula. We have seen North Korea develop nuclear weapons, raising security concerns, and active in cyber attacks and human rights violations. The list goes on and on in the context of a formal state of war between the north and the south. The United States has made major investments in this region as a result of our security concerns and our na-tional interests. We helped rebuild Japan and South Korea, we developed allies that share our values, which is certainly in our interests, and we cre-ated a military deterrent against a bel-ligerent North Korea. Yet, during this period of time, the Kim Jong Un re-gime in North Korea developed a nu-clear weapons program, including de-livery systems. It violated inter-national commitments. The inter-national community, led by the United States—I must say, empowered by this Congress, which gave the administra-tion the ability to impose sanctions— with the leadership of the United States, sanctions had been imposed against North Korea, and those sanc-tions had impact. This year, we saw a breakthrough with there being some hope of security in the future. With the election of President Moon of South Korea, the South Koreans have a leader who wants to have a better relationship with North Korea, and the use of the Winter Olympics helped to develop con-fidence between North Korea and South Korea. Now President Trump is scheduled to meet with Kim Jong Un at the Singapore summit on June 12, where there will be great opportuni-ties. We hope this will be an oppor-tunity to end the war between North and South Korea, create a framework to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula, and forge a path toward stability and security for all. It starts with an acknowledgment by North Korea that it has violated inter-national norms. That is the reason sanctions have been imposed. It has an illegal nuclear program; its missile program violates international norms; and it has created an oppressive regime against the basic human rights of the North Korean people. Clearly, diplo-macy is our best option. That was the purpose of imposing sanctions—so that we could get to this moment at which diplomacy actually may lead to re-sults. We couldn’t have gotten here if we had not had a strong sanctions re-gime imposed against North Korea. As I have said all year, Congress gave the administration the tools with which to do that. In working with our partners around the world, the United States led in the effort in isolating North Korea in its continuing down this path. We now have an opportunity for diplomacy. Diplomacy is our best option. If we have to use the military, the risk factors are so great as to what could happen that it begs the point that, really, the only successful option is for diplomacy to work. This is where we have hope, because there is a common objective between the principal parties in trying to use diplomacy to end this crisis. North Korea and China very much want to preserve the Kim Jong Un regime. China does not want to see a demo-cratic country on its border. It wants to preserve North Korea’s Communist regime. Obviously, Kim Jong Un is in-terested in preserving his regime. The United States and China have a com-mon agenda in that both countries want to see the Korean Peninsula ab-sent of nuclear weapons. Secretary of State Pompeo testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and indicated that the U.S. position is not for regime change. I think that gave Kim Jong Un the abil-ity to go forward and say: Look, if the regime can be preserved and we get se-curity assurances, then we can do that without nuclear weapons. That gave us the opportunity for diplomacy to suc-ceed. So where are we in regard to the summit that is scheduled in less than 1 week? I was pleased that the Subcommittee on East Asia, The Pacific, and Inter-national Cybersecurity Policy, which is within the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, held a hearing this week with regard to the status of the sum-mit—with regard to what we can ex-pect and how we should be prepared. I appreciate Senator GARDNER and Sen-ator M
ARKEY , the chair and ranking member of the subcommittee, for hold-ing that hearing. Joe Yun, who is the former top American diplomat and one of the United States’ leading experts on North Korea, was one of our witnesses. Victor Cha, who is the former National Security Adviser for North Korea, was the other witness. We had two of the top experts in this country who under-stand North Korea, who understand Kim Jong Un, who understand where we are in regard to what we can expect at the summit that will take place on June 12. Both agreed that we will need to have a realistic strategy in going into these negotiations. I asked a specific question of the wit-nesses: Would Kim Jong Un be willing to give up his nuclear weapons in going into these negotiations? Both agreed that was unlikely—un-likely, in the initial meetings, that he would agree to give up his nuclear pro-gram. What should we expect? What should the conditions be? We had a robust dis-cussion about that in the Senate For-eign Relations Committee. It was pretty well agreed that it will start with a declaration by North Korea of its current program. We will need to understand what it is doing. We will need to know the venues of its nu-clear program. We will need to know exactly from where we will be starting. We will need to make sure that the commitment to freeze that program will, in fact, be carried out. We will need international inspectors to make sure that, in fact, North Korea will not be advancing the program or its missile program. Then we will need a plan to dismantle its nuclear weapons pro-gram—all aspects of it. We will need to have a roadmap for getting there. That is the realistic expectation of what we will be able to achieve on June 12. It is key for the United States to make it clear that we will not make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.027 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3019 June 6, 2018 
concessions until we have at least reached that understanding—a com-mitment to North Korea’s dismantling the program, a freeze in place, and in-spectors in place. We will have to be patient, but we will also have to be re-solved that we will not make unilateral concessions. This past week, several of my col-leagues sent a letter to the administra-tion that outlined this. It was led by Senators S
CHUMER and M ENENDEZ , along with Senators D
URBIN , F EIN-
STEIN , BROWN , LEAHY , and W ARNER . I agree with the letter. Let me just quote some of the conditions that are spelled out that we should be expecting in these negotiations. Ultimately, it should include the dis-mantling and removal of all nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons from North Korea. The goal must be the full, complete, and verifiable denuclearization of North Korea. North Korea must continue its current bal-listic missile test suspension. North Korea must commit to having robust compliance inspections, including a verification regime. The agreement with North Korea must be permanent in nature. These are conditions I would hope we could all agree on. The letter goes on to read something that is critically important. In its ad-dressing other critical matters, it in-cludes North Korea’s human rights practices and the need for them to be included in these discussions. Dr. Cha said it best when he said that a com-prehensive political settlement with North Korea must include its agree-ment to end the regime’s systematic violation of human rights. I understand our objective is to make sure we have a denuclearized Korean Peninsula, and I agree with that. Yet, for long-term stability in that region, we need a North Korean Government that respects the rights of its citizens, and those discussions must start tak-ing place on June 12. Here is my concern and the reason I am taking this time today. We have to be prepared for this sum-mit. President Trump needs to be pre-pared, but President Trump needs to be prepared by working with Congress. That is where we know we are the strongest. I have seen no signs whatso-ever of any congressional briefings or consultations from the Trump adminis-tration in leading up to the June 12 summit. We need to be on the same page in going into these discussions. Yet we have had absolutely no con-sultation. Dr. Cha said to consult with Congress given its role in funding and ratifying an agreement. We need to be involved. Let me just underscore as to what Secretary Pompeo testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I asked him a question as to what role Congress should play in this. Secretary Pompeo volunteered to say that he an-ticipates that this will be a treaty that will be submitted to the U.S. Senate for ratification if they are successful. If we are going to be called upon to ratify a treaty or if we are going to be called upon to change the sanctions regime against North Korea, we will need to be part of the process. We will not have to reinvent the wheel. We ran into a similar issue in 2015 with regard to President Obama’s nego-tiations for an Iran nuclear agreement. At that time, I was the ranking mem-ber of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I worked with our distin-guished chairman, Senator CORKER , and other members of our committee, including Senator K
AINE and Senator M
ENENDEZ and others, and we came up with the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act. We know how difficult it is to get consensus in the U.S. Congress on any particular issue. Yet we passed that Review Act by a 19-to-0 vote in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. It passed overwhelmingly in the Con-gress itself, and it establishes a proper role for Congress in its review of such an agreement. It doesn’t restrict the President in his negotiations; it strengthens the President in his negotiations by giving him the power of the American Govern-ment, including the congressional part of our government. It strengthens the oversight of compliance. It did that with Iran, and it would do the same thing with regard to North Korea. Just as with Iran, there is no trust when it comes to North Korea. So the final agreement must be verifiable, transparent, and make clear that any violation will result in the strongest possible sanctions. Our congressional role can complement both the ongoing and forthcoming negotiations with North Korea. Such legislation will help Congress’s oversight and representa-tive responsibilities to the American people. As we go to this historic meeting that will take place next week, I know that every Senator—indeed, every American—will want the President to be successful in this endeavor to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula and to bring security and stability to the region. The best chance for that to happen is with Congress exercising its responsibility and being in a position to support the efforts and understand the efforts so that we can act with a united voice in America. Let us act ac-cordingly. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
WORK OF THE SENATE  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise to voice my enthusiastic support for the majority leader’s announcement yes-terday that we would be staying in Washington through August. Already we have seen media reports that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are upset about having to work through August recess. As Leader MCCONNELL said, this action would not have been necessary but for the his-toric obstruction by our Democratic colleagues who have used every avail-able tool to delay confirmations of ex-ecutive and judicial nominations. To put the scale of their obstruction into perspective, Senate Democrats have forced 101 procedural cloture votes on President Trump’s nominees in his first 18 months. By comparison, the previous 6 Presidents combined saw a total of only 24 cloture votes in their first 2 years. In other words, Democrats have somehow managed to fit 40 years’ worth of obstruction into just 18 months. Even more infuriating, after Demo-crats pretend to object to nominees by calling for cloture, many of them later vote in favor of confirmation, acknowl-edging that the nominees are qualified and worthy of the Senate’s support. Take, for example, the case of Fer-nando Rodriguez Jr., a highly qualified nominee to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas. Fer-nando has spent the last few years serving in the International Justice Mission combating sex trafficking and human rights abuses. He also has 10 years of experience practicing law, not to mention invaluable experience as an educator with Teach for America. Yesterday, Democrats forced a clo-ture vote on Fernando Rodriguez to slow down his confirmation but still voted to confirm him unanimously. This is absurd. It seems my friends on the other side of the aisle want to have their obstruction cake and eat it, too, but you can’t have it both ways. These procedural slowdowns are a transparent charade, a cynical side show meant to shore up support among the Democratic base. I would remind my friends on the other side of the aisle that this Chamber is meant for policy, not politics. We can campaign on the weekends, but right now we have serious work to do. I have to state that there are some reasons to be political sometimes on the floor but not to the extent that we have been subjected to by our friends on the other side. Democrats have wasted precious hours of debate with their partisan grandstanding, and the country is worse off because of it. While my colleagues posture and preen for audiences on national TV, dozens of executive and judicial nominations re-main unfilled, bringing the important work of government to a halt. Enough already. Enough of the games. Enough of the disingenuous handwringing. Enough of the Twitter- tailored cable TV meltdowns. Let’s set our egos aside for one moment to get done what the American people have sent us here to do. I look forward to working through August to make up for lost time. That is not to say that recess or instate work periods are unimportant. Indeed, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.031 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3020 June 6, 2018 
connecting with constituents back home is the most important part of our jobs. Despite what some would have you believe, we work just as much during recess as we do here in session, if not more. I travel around the State meet-ing with as many Utahns as possible, normally breaking just long enough for a quick meal at my favorite all-you- can-eat buffet. In 1 day of recess, I can talk trade and tariffs with a group of Utah cattlemen before meeting with health experts to learn more about medical marijuana research, visiting the family of a Utahn held captive overseas, and convening a panel of edu-cation leaders to discuss school safe-ty—all in just 1 day. That is just part of what that 1 day was. As anyone who has served in Congress knows, recess is no respite. The time we spend at home meeting with constituents is absolutely vital to our jobs, but of equal importance is confirming capable, qualified judges to our courts. Our responsibility in the Senate is to keep the judicial branch up and running. I have participated in more than 1,800 judicial confirmations throughout my term of service, and I look forward to working through Au-gust to confirm a few more. There is no time to waste. I call on my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come to-gether to get this done. I believe there are really good people on both sides of the floor. I believe most people would like to see us func-tion better than we do right now. I am certainly one of them, and I think there are a lot of others in this body who feel exactly the same way. I just hope that for the remainder of this year we can get together and do what we should do in the best interest of the American people, and if we do that, ev-erybody will be better off. This country will be better off, our functions in gov-ernment will be better off, almost ev-erything will be better off. I think it is time for us to quit playing games around here and do the work of the U.S. Senate, the greatest deliberative body in the world, some say. I am one of them who does say that because I be-lieve we handle more absolutely cru-cial matters than any other legislative body in the world, and I intend to see that we continue to do it. There are some things that folks on the other side or folks on our side might want to fully test and fully work against. That is not bad; that is part of this job, too, but to do it on every-thing, to make it just miserable around here to get anything done, that dis-closes the bad faith on whichever side is doing it, and it is just plain wrong. We have to wake up and start acting like adults and do the things that real-ly should be done in this greatest of all legislative bodies. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I am looking forward to proceeding to the National Defense Authorization Act soon. Earlier today, I objected to a unanimous consent request to get on the bill because I am very concerned that I get an opportunity to offer an amendment that I have. Based on the efforts of our chairman and his con-fidence that I will be able to offer this amendment, I am prepared to agree to allow us to get on the bill, and I look forward to doing that. I want to address two amendments that I am hopeful will be included, mine and one other. One of them has to do with the tariffs, especially on steel and aluminum, that come under sec-tion 232 of our trade laws, and the other is an amendment that I intend to offer with respect to the CFIUS reform. Let me start with the section 232 tar-iffs. This is a section of trade law that al-lows the President to restrict imported goods that threaten our national secu-rity. It has been the law of the land for some time. The statute gives very wide latitude to the President and the Com-merce Department—but really to the President—to determine, first of all, what imports constitute a threat to our national security and, then, sec-ondly, the existing law does not pre-scribe what the remedy will be. That is also left up to the President. So there is a great deal of discretion that is in the hands of the President. In March of this year, after a nearly year-long investigation, the President imposed tariffs on imported steel and aluminum—25 percent on steel, 10 per-cent on aluminum. Then there was a temporary exclusion. Then there were negotiations to make the temporary exclusions permanent. In some cases that has occurred, as with South Korea and other places, but they were nego-tiated. The exclusion—the ability of the countries to sell steel to the United States without the American con-sumers being subject to this tax—had a condition, and the condition was that they would agree to other restrictions on their exports, such as quotas, for in-stance, on the volume of their exports that would be permitted. Shockingly to some, the President decided to even impose these taxes—taxes on American consumers—when they buy steel that originates in the EU, Canada, and Mex-ico, which originally had a temporary exclusion but apparently no longer do. These three allies—allies, mind you— make up about 40 percent of U.S. steel imports by tonnage, and all three seem intent on imposing retaliatory tariffs, which is what typically happens when tariffs are launched. More recently, the President has an-nounced that the Commerce Depart-ment will investigate whether foreign vehicles or automobiles sold to U.S. consumers, like my constituents—cars and trucks—represent a national secu-rity threat, with the possibility that they will impose a 25-percent tax on Americans who buy those imported cars and trucks. I think this is a very bad idea. This is a bad path to be going on. It is a bad policy. First of all, most directly, it is a direct tax on American consumers. That is just irrefutable. Consumers— our constituents—will have to pay higher prices for the products that are subject to these taxes. The price of a Honda Civic made in Japan or a Volks-wagen Jetta made in Germany will in-crease by about $5,000 for a U.S. con-sumer—a Pennsylvanian or Colo-radan—who wants to buy one of these vehicles. Of course, it is pretty clear to me that these taxes on American con-sumers will do nothing to safeguard our national security. I fail to see the national security threat when a Penn-sylvanian decides to buy a Toyota Co-rolla. It is not clear to me how that is a threat to our national security. In fact, there is no real national se-curity threat that these tariffs are a response to. They are an effort to im-pose a protectionist policy for eco-nomic purposes. In picking steel, it is particularly disturbing that section 232 would be in-voked as the justification for taxes on steel imports. Section 232 is explicitly reserved for national security threats, as I mentioned. Let’s think about this. Just last year, net steel imports ac-counted for about 25 percent of Amer-ica’s total steel consumption. In other words, domestically, we produce the large majority, about 75 percent, of all the steel we need to consume. For na-tional security purposes, our military needs about 3 percent of our domestic consumption. We produce 75 percent. How is it even plausible that there is a national security reason why we shouldn’t be importing this steel? Well, what about where it is coming from? That is interesting. The biggest sources of imported steel are Canada and Mexico, where, by the way, we have trade surpluses in steel. Again, using the justification of na-tional security, we have put tariffs— taxes that Americans have to pay— when we buy steel from Canada and Mexico, our close allies and contiguous countries. To suggest that we have a national security need to tax Ameri-cans when they buy this small percent-age of our total consumption from these close allies and neighbors is not credible. It is not credible. In fact, for national security pur-poses, arguably, it undermines our na-tional security because it raises the cost of the steel that we need to build things. We pay more for that steel. How is that good for America? It is clear to me that the President is using section 232 in a way that was not intended by Congress. It is clear to me, anyway. Prior to this year, section 232 was only invoked five times in all of its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.032 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3021 June 6, 2018 
history, but now we have this being in-voked on steel and aluminum and maybe automobiles as well. Here is the thing. It is Congress that has the responsibility for establishing tariffs—taxes—to regulate trade. It is explicit in the Constitution. Article I, section 8, clause 1 reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises. . . .’’ Article I, section 8, clause 3, includes Congress having the responsibility to regulate commerce with foreign na-tions. Well, obviously this is an explicit in-struction that it is Congress’s responsi-bility to determine the level of tariffs and whether there will be tariffs. What Congress has done over the years is passed laws that delegate this author-ity to the President. First of all, I think it is a bad idea for Congress to take constitutional authority that is enshrined in our founding document and just punt it over to another branch of our government. We should not be doing that. We ought to be abiding by the Constitution, following the Con-stitution, and accepting the responsi-bility that the Constitution gives to us. I have long felt that this is a respon-sibility that Congress should take back, that the prior legislation giving this to the President was a mistake and it is time to take it back. It is my understanding that Senator C
ORKER is likely to offer an amend-ment that would do something that is very simple, and it is an elegant solu-tion to this dilemma with respect to section 232 tariffs; that is, to simply make them subject to congressional as-sent. It would no longer be allowable, permissible under our law, if this amendment were to be passed and signed into law, for any President to unilaterally invoke section 232 and im-pose taxes on the American people in response. There would be a period of time during which Congress would re-view and would have to have an expe-dited up-or-down vote—not subject to filibuster, not drawn out, but a quick up-or-down vote—to determine whether that would be allowed. I would suggest that this would be completely in keep-ing with our explicit constitutional re-sponsibility in this very important area. I am very hopeful and optimistic that Senator C
ORKER will, in fact, offer his amendment and that it will be allowed and that we will debate it, have a vote, and see how that goes. I intend to offer a separate amend-ment. My amendment has to do with CFIUS. CFIUS is an acronym that stands for the Committee on Foreign Investments in the United States. CFIUS is an interagency committee— multiple agencies within the executive branch—that reviews the national se-curity implications of foreign direct in-vestments. So when a company that is headquartered in another country wishes to make a purchase of an Amer-ican company, if there is a national se-curity implication or threat to that in-vestment, which there could be, then, under the existing CFIUS framework, this committee makes a recommenda-tion to the President, and the Presi-dent has the authority to block the transaction—to forbid the purchase of an American company, say, by a for-eign company—if there is a perception that this is a threat to national secu-rity. Senator CORNYN has introduced legis-lation that would update and mod-ernize the authorities. It would dra-matically broaden the power and the authority of CFIUS. I am supportive of what Senator C
ORNYN wants to do. I voted for his legislation in the Banking Committee. This reform of CFIUS has been put into the national defense au-thorization bill so that if and when we get on that bill, we will also be con-templating this broadening of the pow-ers of CFIUS. How does the Cornyn legislation broaden CFIUS? Well, first of all, it dramatically expands the transactions that can be reviewed by CFIUS. For in-stance, under current law, CFIUS has no legal authority to review if a for-eign company chooses to buy real es-tate that is undeveloped—a raw piece of land somewhere. That is not subject to CFIUS review. But what if an un-friendly government has an investment in a company in their country that wants to buy a big tract of land right next to a sensitive military installa-tion of the United States? That might be a convenient place for them to set up listening devices and other ways for them to spy on our military capabili-ties, for instance. So I think it is a good idea to give CFIUS the authority to look at real estate transactions. It would also expand CFIUS’s author-ity to look at nonpassive investment in critical technology or infrastructure by any foreign person. It would review any change in foreign investors’ rights regarding a U.S. business, and there are many other new categories of transactions. CFIUS historically, roughly speak-ing—I think they review something on the order of 200 or 250 transactions per year under existing law. If this new re-form is adopted, then the experts be-lieve that CFIUS will likely review something on the order of 2,000 or 2,500 transactions per year. So it is a very, very broad expansion in the power of the government to block foreign direct investment in the United States. We should be clear about one aspect of this. The reforms to CFIUS are largely a response to very aggressive and in many cases inappropriate behav-ior by Chinese companies. Companies that are headquartered in China—very often there is some Chinese Govern-ment ownership, and there is a long history of the Chinese, through these vehicles, engaging in wholly inappro-priate activity, including coerced tech-nology transfer on the part of U.S. companies through a variety of means. This is a real problem, and expanding the authority of CFIUS is an important element, in my view, in dealing with this problem. So this is the main reason I am in favor of expanding the powers of CFIUS, but it is also very important that we not, in the process, unduly un-dermine foreign direct investment in the United States that is not a threat to our national security at all—in fact, that is the vast majority of foreign di-rect investment in the United States. When Toyota decides to build a new manufacturing facility to make cars in Tennessee, that is not a threat to America’s national security. If they were to make an investment with a car company in the United States and es-tablish a joint venture and start mak-ing cars in Michigan, that would not be a threat to national security. The vast majority of transactions are not at all a threat. In fact, they are a source of important jobs. In my State of Penn-sylvania, there are 334,000 Pennsylva-nians who work for foreign-based com-panies that have invested in and oper-ate in and create jobs in Pennsylvania, and 186,000 of those jobs are in manu-facturing. Consider this: In 2015, the total amount of foreign direct investment in the United States—so the total amount of money invested by people and com-panies that are somewhere other than America but choose to invest in Amer-ica—the total was almost half a tril-lion dollars, $465 billion. Do you know how much of that came from China? Less than $6 billion out of almost $500 billion. So it is a very small percent-age. In 2016, the numbers were com-parable—about $460 billion in total for-eign direct investment and about 10 of that from China. China is not even close to be being in the top 10 countries that are the source of foreign direct investment in the United States. That doesn’t mean it is unimportant to consider when Chinese companies are making investments. It is very important. But my point is that the vast majority of the foreign direct investment in our country is good for our economy. It creates jobs and oppor-tunities, and we don’t want to disrupt that. If the implementation of this re-form to CFIUS goes badly, it could have a chilling effect on foreign direct investment, and that would diminish our economic growth, our economic strength, and cost us who knows how many jobs. That is what I want to make sure we avoid. In the course of the implementation, the way this is going to happen under the law is that the reformed CFIUS— the legislation that we are going to consider as part of NDAA requires this CFIUS committee to develop the rules that will basically define the terms of their own operations. So, for instance, they will have very broad discretion. If their discretion is too broad—I should say, if they exercise it too broadly, if they end up applying CFIUS restric-tions too broadly, we will lose the for-eign direct investment that is good for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3022 June 6, 2018 
us. If they define it too narrowly, then there is a chance we won’t catch bad actors whom we should catch. Let me give a few examples of how the rulemaking is going to determine how CFIUS applies. One of the key terms throughout the legislation is ‘‘critical infrastructure and technology companies.’’ Those are the companies with technologies that we don’t nec-essarily want to end up in the hands of an adversarial country like China. Well, guess who defines what is a crit-ical infrastructure and technology company? CFIUS does. We don’t here in the Senate. Congress doesn’t. We empower the committee, CFIUS, to de-cide what constitutes a critical infra-structure technology company. We also empower CFIUS to decide when a company is attempting to cir-cumvent the rules. That is an impor-tant issue because following the rules strictly so as not to be caught up in this could be deemed to be a cir-cumvention, so that is an important factor. There are lots of other rulemakings that we require of this committee, and it is the way they make those rules that will determine exactly the extent to which we continue to foster con-structive foreign direct investment or we choke it off. My concern is that Congress should not simply blindly hand this off to the executive branch and hope for the best. That would not be fulfilling our obliga-tion to enact the legislation as it should be enacted. So I intend to file an amendment, and my amendment is very simple. It is just going to provide Congress with the opportunity and the requirement to review the major rulemakings—the big parts, the impor-tant parts—defining the terms and cir-cumstances under which CFIUS will operate before they can go into effect. So CFIUS will go ahead, promulgate these rules, and before they become op-erative, there has to be an up-or-down vote by Congress. We have written this so that there will be an expedited procedure. It will pass with a simple majority. There has to be a vote. The vote actually has to happen in almost the exact same time-frame as the rule’s implementation. In other words, after a rulemaking is fin-ished, there is a 60-day delay before it becomes operative. It is during that window that Congress would have its vote. It cannot be filibustered. It can-not be delayed. But what it would do is it would ensure that we are involved in this process, that we have the over-sight we are supposed to exercise to make sure it is done properly, and it ensures that we would work with the administration. If Congress were to reject one or more of these rules, that wouldn’t stop the administration. They would then work with us to address whatever con-cerns led to the objection and then sub-mit a new rule. It is modeled somewhat after the REINS Act that is very broadly sup-ported on this side of the aisle. I should point out that it is much more limited because this congressional review of the rulemaking under my amendment applies only to the rules made by CFIUS under this legislation. So it is a very narrow application. There were 39 Republican cosponsors of the REINS Act. If that were the law of the land, if that had been adopted, we wouldn’t be having this discussion because it would automatically apply to the rulemaking of CFIUS. So it is hard to see why any-one who supports the REINS Act would oppose this. I am certainly hoping that my Demo-cratic colleagues will support this as well. Let’s be honest—they have not been big fans of the Trump administra-tion. Many of them have voted against the Cabinet and agency leaders whom President Trump has nominated who will be responsible for carrying out these rules. For them to vote no on this amendment would be for them to insist that they not have the oppor-tunity to review the work of the Trump administration. Given their ob-vious and vocal skepticism about the Trump administration, why in the world would they refuse the oppor-tunity to have veto power over very important rulemaking? I can’t imagine why they would. So I hope they will support this, and I hope my Republican colleagues will as well. Another important point, just to re-iterate, the congressional approval ap-plies only to the rulemaking of CFIUS when it is done. It certainly does not apply to the individual transactions that would subsequently be reviewed by CFIUS under these rules; it applies just to the rules themselves. And it certainly would not result in killing CFIUS reform. Congress has dem-onstrated a very broad, bipartisan con-sensus that we need to broaden the au-thority of CFIUS, so I am quite con-fident that when these rules are done, if they are done in a sensible fashion, Congress is going to agree to them be-cause Congress wants CFIUS to have this new authority. I will point out, it would almost certainly have the effect of encouraging the administration to work closely with Congress to make sure they are in fact developing rules that are consistent with congressional intent. That is exactly the way it should work. If this amendment passes, I foresee greater collaboration between the ad-ministration and Congress on the im-plementation of this CFIUS reform. I think that will likely lead to a better product, one that ensures we will catch the bad actors who are trying to make investments in the United States for the purpose of acquiring technology we don’t want them to have and allow for the good, constructive, helpful foreign direct investment we all benefit from. My hope is, we will get on this De-fense authorization bill soon, that these and many other amendments will be debated and voted on, and we will be able to pass this with a very strong af-firmative vote. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to use a prop in my presentation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING ROBERT F . KENNEDY  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, today we remember Robert F. Kennedy, whose life was brutally, savagely cut short 50 years ago. Robert Kennedy was a Presidential candidate, a U.S. Senator, a Member of this Chamber, an Attorney General, a naval officer, a father, a son, a hus-band, and a brother, but more than all of that, he was a beacon of hope amidst turbulent and difficult times in our Na-tion, and he was an inspiration to gen-erations of Americans. Speaking at his brother’s funeral, our former colleague Senator Ted Kennedy said that Robert Kennedy ‘‘need not be idealized, or enlarged in death beyond what he was in life; to be remembered simply as a good and decent man, who saw wrong and tried to right it, saw suffering and tried to heal it, saw war and tried to stop it.’’ I was inspired by his efforts to right wrong, heal suffering, and stop war— inspired enough that when I became a U.S. Senator and was assigned an office that happened to be the former office of Robert F. Kennedy in the Russell Building, I proudly pointed out to visi-tors that here, in my office, once sat the great Robert Kennedy, who did in fact see wrong and tried to right it, suffering and tried to heal it, and war and tried to stop it. In May 1968, I was in sixth grade. I was an 11-year-old out in Oregon, and Bobby Kennedy, as we affectionately refer to him, was campaigning in my State. He was going very quickly from community to community, delivering speeches in one high school after an-other. My sixth grade teacher an-nounced that he was going to give a speech at David Douglas High School— my future high school, except I was only in sixth grade, and I had never set foot in the halls of that high school. He was going to give a speech the next night. My father was a mechanic. He worked very hard. He was off in the evening, quite happy to settle in, watch the national news, read the newspaper, and reflect on the news of the day. I came to him, and I said: I under-stand Robert Kennedy is giving a speech, and we can go see him. My father said: It is the end of the day, Son. I just don’t feel like going out again. At that moment, I wish so much that I had said: I think I will go down to that high school, find my way down to that high school I had never been to, and see him speak, but I didn’t, and it is one of the things I have regretted all my life. When he was campaigning in Oregon and going from high school to high 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.035 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3023 June 6, 2018 
school, he went also to some iconic places. Here he is in the surf near Fort Ste-vens. Fort Stevens is a place I used to camp as a kid. It has a historic ship-wreck, the wreck of the Peter Iredale. Now it is pretty much rusted into the sand and disappeared, but I can imag-ine Robert Kennedy walking and seeing that wreck as he was on this beach. He went out to Baker County, OR. This is an iconic photo of him on the runway, with the mountains in the background, with his dog. There is a version of this picture that Ted Ken-nedy gave to me the month before he passed away, and you can see here the snow-covered mountains in the back-ground and walking down the runway in one of those few moments of peace and reflection in between his speeches all across the State. When Senator Ted Kennedy gave me this picture, he also wrote me a letter. This was in July, a month before Ted Kennedy passed away. He said: 
I’ve always loved this photo of Bobby and his dog Freckles taken in Baker City, Or-egon, on May 22, 1968. 
He said he has a copy of it hanging in his office. He knew a little bit from our conversations that Bobby had been an inspiration to me, and he wrote: 
I know that Bobby played an important role in shaping your political views, and I thought you’d like to have a copy of the pho-tograph for your Senate office as well. I only wish I could give it to you in person. 
I do have that photo proudly dis-played on my Senate office wall, and it is a reminder of the very special feel-ings we had about the campaign. We had war abroad in Vietnam in 1968. We had riots at home over the war. We had deep, deep civic tensions between the generations. There was a sense that his leadership and his ability to bridge the divides among races and genders and classes could, in his words, ‘‘bind up the wounds among us and to become in our hearts brothers and countrymen once again.’’ Those words have reso-nance for today, where our divisions are so deep. Anyone who spent much time paying attention to Robert Kennedy’s life knows that his life was full of con-tradictions. He was a man of wealth, well educated, and could quote poets like Tennyson and philosophers but who also had an unmatched ability to touch the hearts of, and fight for, the poorest among us. He was a ruthless enforcer of the law who never thought twice about taking on organized crime or foreign dictators but had a heart of tenderness and could spend hours play-ing with young children. He was a younger brother who stood in the shad-ow of his older sibling, but he stepped out of that shadow to inspire us and to run for the Presidency of the United States. Bobby was raised in a family that recognized the privileges it had, the ad-vantages it had from its history, its af-fluence, its connections, but also recog-nized that with all that they had, they had an extra responsibility—a sizable responsibility—to use those advantages to help others. That, too, is something that is worth all of us thinking about. Whether it was the fight for civil rights, championing the poor and des-titute living in Third World conditions in Appalachia and the Mississippi Delta, challenging South Africa’s stu-dents to stand up against apartheid, or organizing the end of war in Vietnam, his life was dedicated to helping others. When our Nation seemed poised on the brink of tearing itself apart, there was Bobby Kennedy, preaching a mes-sage of love, wisdom, and compassion toward one another—a message of re-unification, a message of reconcili-ation. But with all of this, his efforts to take that vision to the Presidency— that vision of wisdom, compassion, and reconciliation—never happened be-cause that opportunity was cut short by an assassin’s bullet. That happened just after Bobby Kennedy left Oregon and flew to California, just 2 weeks after I had the opportunity to see him speak in a high school gymnasium and didn’t seize the moment to do it. As Bobby Kennedy said in his speech to the City Club of Cleveland, ‘‘Our lives on this planet are too short and the work to be done too great,’’ but we cannot let that stop us from working together to seek and build a new world. We will never know whether Robert Kennedy would have succeeded in his election to be President or exactly what would have flowed from a second Kennedy administration. We can only speculate on how our Nation’s history might have been changed and how dif-ferent our country might have been with his vision, his inspiration, his ef-fort to tackle the issues of poverty, the issues and challenges of war, the issues and challenges of division in our Na-tion. One thing we know for sure, the world has been a lesser place these last 50 years because Robert F. Kennedy is not in it, but his thoughts live on. In this institution, Members of the Senate should carry those thoughts forward on these important issues he addressed—of war, poverty, bigotry, discrimination, and ensuring opportunity for all. In his speech to students in Cape Town, South Africa, Robert Kennedy said: ‘‘Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring, those ripples build a current which can sweep down the mightiest walls of op-pression and resistance.’’ That is advice we need now more than ever—that we need to work to create those ripples that together can create a mighty current to set our Na-tion back on track. When it comes to war, we now have not one but many— a war in Afghanistan based on false as-sumptions, a war in Iraq based on false information, wars in Africa, Syria, and Yemen for which the issue of author-ization has never been debated on the floor of this Senate, despite the con-stitutional call to do so. When it comes to prosperity, despite our Nation’s enormous growth and wealth over the last four decades, we still have people suffering in Appa-lachia, in Mississippi, in our inner cit-ies, and in our rural towns. Because in-come equality has surged over four dec-ades, we have seen that workers’ wages are flat or declining while the cost of everything goes up from healthcare to housing to the cost of a child attempt-ing to attend college. While we may have come a long way from the firehoses and dogs turned against peaceful protesters demanding voting rights and civil rights, a long way since Attorney General Kennedy crusaded for civil rights, calling in the National Guard to register the Univer-sity of Alabama’s first African-Amer-ican students—while we may have come a long way on that trail, we still have a long way to go, as we saw in Charlottesville last year, as we have seen through the last several years of campaigning, an administration in which the temptation too often has come from the Oval Office to denigrate different groups of Americans, whether they be African Americans or Haitian Americans or Latin Americans or women Americans or Americans with disabilities or Muslim Americans. When we hear that, let us remember the vision of America, of equal oppor-tunity, and stand with our brothers and sisters in any given group, arm to arm, hip to hip, and say: Here in Amer-ica, we believe in the vision that is in-divisible, that we cite in our Pledge of Allegiance, that recognizes we come from a tremendous number of back-grounds, but together, with those tal-ents, those differences, we have a na-tion of greater strength, greater beau-ty, and greater opportunity for the fu-ture. Fifty years after his passing, I think it is of value to all of us to reflect on the lessons of the life of Robert F. Ken-nedy—his hope, his optimism, his fierce determination to fight the battles to make the world a better place. RFK was famous for regularly quoting the Irish playwright George Bernard Shaw, saying: 
Some men see things as they are, and ask why. I dream of things that never were, and ask why not. 
I think it is up to all of us, each and every day, to dream of the things that have never been here in America but could be a greater, more beautiful, stronger, more prosperous, more hope-ful America and say ‘‘Why not?’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The majority leader. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.036 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3024 June 6, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BUDGET SCOREKEEPING REPORT Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to submit to the Senate the budget scorekeeping report for June 2018. The report compares current-law levels of spending and revenues with the amounts the Senate agreed to in the budget resolution for fiscal year 2018, H. Con. Res. 71, and the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (BBA18). This infor-mation is necessary for the Senate Budget Committee to determine whether budgetary points of order lie against pending legislation. The Re-publican staff of the Senate Budget Committee and the Congressional Budget Office, CBO, prepared this re-port pursuant to section 308(b) of the Congressional Budget Act, CBA. This is my fourth scorekeeping re-port this year and the first since I filed new enforceable levels on May 7, pursu-ant to BBA18 requirements. My last fil-ing can be found in the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD for April 12, 2018. The informa-tion included in this report is current through June 4, 2018. Republican Budget Committee staff prepared Tables 1–6. Table 1 gives the amount by which each Senate authorizing committee ex-ceeds or is below its allocation for budget authority and outlays under the most recently adopted budget resolu-tion and the Fiscal Year 2019 enforce-able levels filing. This information is used for enforcing committee alloca-tions pursuant to section 302 of the CBA. For this reporting period, 10 of the 16 authorizing committees are in compliance with their allocations. Two committee allocation violations were recorded since my last report. The first violation stems from passage of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act, S. 2155, P.L. 115–174, which increased direct spending within the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee over the Fiscal Year 2019, Fiscal Year 2019–2023, and Fiscal Year 2019–2028 period. The second violation resulted from passage of the VA MISSION Act of 2018, S. 2372, which increased direct spending within the Veterans’ Affairs Committee over all enforceable periods. Tables 2–3 give the amount by which the Senate Committee on Appropria-tions is below or exceeds the statutory spending limits. This information is used to determine points of order re-lated to the spending caps found in sec-tions 312 and 314 of the CBA. Appropria-tions for Fiscal Year 2018, shown in table 2, are consistent with the statu-tory limits. Table 3 shows that the Ap-propriations Committee is currently compliant with spending limits for Fis-cal Year 2019. As of this filing, sub-committees have only been charged with permanent and advanced appro-priations that first become available in Fiscal Year 2019. The Fiscal Year 2018 budget resolu-tion contained points of order limiting the use of changes in mandatory pro-grams in appropriations bills, CHIMPS. Tables 4, 5, and 6 track compliance with these points of order. Tables 4 and 6 show compliance with Fiscal Year 2018 limits for overall CHIMPS, $17 bil-lion, and the Crime Victims Fund CHIMP, $11.2 billion, respectively. Table 5, which tracks the CHIMP limit of $15 billion for Fiscal Year 2019, shows the Appropriations Committee has not passed a bill with a CHIMP for Fiscal Year 2019. This information is used for determining points of order under sections 4102, overall limit, and 4103, Crime Victims Fund CHIMP, of H. Con. Res. 71. In addition to the tables provided by Budget Committee Republican staff, I am submitting CBO tables, which I will use to enforce budget totals approved by Congress. Because legislation can still be en-acted that would have an effect on Fis-cal Year 2018, CBO provided a report for both Fiscal Year 2018 and Fiscal Year 2019. This information is used to en-force aggregate spending and revenue levels in the budget resolution under section 311 of the CBA. CBO’s estimates show that current-law levels of spend-ing for Fiscal Year 2018 exceed the amounts in last year’s budget resolu-tion by $157.4 billion in budget author-ity and $106.3 billion in outlays. Reve-nues are $3.2 billion above the revenue floor for Fiscal Year 2018 set by the budget resolution. Social Security out-lays are at the levels assumed by the resolution, while Social Security reve-nues are $446 million below the levels in the budget. For Fiscal Year 2019, CBO estimates that current-law levels are below the Fiscal Year 2019 enforceable aggregates by $1,142.2 billion in budget authority and $646.1 billion in outlays. The allow-able spending room will be reduced as appropriations bills are enacted. Reve-nues are $5 million below the level as-sumed for Fiscal Year 2019, a result of enacting S. 2155. Finally, Social Secu-rity outlays and revenues are at the levels assumed in the Fiscal Year 2019 enforcement filing. CBO’s report also provides informa-tion needed to enforce the Senate pay- as-you-go, PAYGO, rule. In my enforce-ment filing on May 7, I reset the Sen-ate’s PAYGO scorecard to zero for all enforceable periods. While two bills that increase the deficit have passed since the reset, only S. 2155’s budgetary effects will be recorded, as the VA MIS-SION Act included a provision exclud-ing its deficit increases, $4.5 billion, from the scorecard. As such, the PAYGO scorecard shows deficit in-creases in Fiscal Year 2019 of $22 mil-lion, $5 million revenue loss, $17 mil-lion outlay increase, over the Fiscal Year 2019–2023 period of $329 million, $47 million revenue loss, $282 million outlay increase, and over the Fiscal Year 2019–2028 period of $490 million, $108 million revenue loss, $382 million outlay increase. The Senate’s PAYGO rule is enforced by section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71. Also included in this submission is a table tracking the Senate’s budget en-forcement activity on the floor since the May 7 enforcement filing. No points of order have been raised. All years in the accompanying tables are fiscal years. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: TABLE 1.—SENATE AUTHORIZING COMMITTEES—ENACTED DIRECT SPENDING ABOVE (+) OR BELOW ( ¥) BUDGET RESOLUTIONS 
[In millions of dollars] 2018 2019 2019– 2023 2019– 2028 
Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry Budget Authority ............ 47 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 47 0 0 0 Armed Services Budget Authority ............ ¥33 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... ¥24 0 0 0 Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Budget Authority ............ 0 18 282 382 Outlays ........................... 0 17 282 382 Commerce, Science, and Transportation Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Energy and Natural Resources Budget Authority ............ 220 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 198 0 0 0 Environment and Public Works Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Finance Budget Authority ............ 21,971 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 5,211 0 0 0 Foreign Relations Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Judiciary Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Budget Authority ............ 705 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 205 0 0 0 Rules and Administration Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Intelligence Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Veterans’ Affairs Budget Authority ............ 7,300 0 0 ¥729 Outlays ........................... 1,850 4,400 4,400 3,671 Indian Affairs Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 Small Business Budget Authority ............ 0 0 0 0 Outlays ........................... 0 0 0 0 
Total Budget Authority ... 30,210 18 282 ¥347 Outlays .................. 7,487 4,417 4,682 4,053 
TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2018 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory discretionary Limits ............... 629,000 579,000 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 23,259 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 5,400 54,200 Defense ................................................. 589,320 132 Energy and Water Development ............ 21,800 21,400 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 31 23,392 Homeland Security ................................ 2,058 45,665 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 35,252 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 177,100 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 4,700 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.044 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3025 June 6, 2018 
TABLE 2.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1— Continued 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2018 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 10,091 81,900 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 42,000 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 300 70,000 
Current Level Total ............. 629,000 579,000 Total Enacted Above (+) or Below (¥) Statutory Limits .............. 0 0 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 3.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE— ENACTED REGULAR DISCRETIONARY APPROPRIATIONS
1 
[Budget authority, in millions of dollars] 2019 Security
2 Nonsecurity2 
Statutory Discretionary Limits .............. 647,000 597,000 Amount Provided by Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies .............................. 0 9 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies .................................. 0 0 Defense ................................................. 44 0 Energy and Water Development ............ 0 0 Financial Services and General Govern-ment ................................................. 0 0 Homeland Security ................................ 0 9 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies ........................................... 0 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies ..... 0 24,684 Legislative Branch ................................ 0 1 Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies ............. 0 67,109 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs .......................................... 0 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 0 4,400 Current Level Total ............. 44 96,212 Total Enacted Above (+) or Below (¥) Statutory Limits .............. ¥646,956 ¥500,788 
1This table excludes spending pursuant to adjustments to the discre-tionary spending limits. These adjustments are allowed for certain purposes in section 251(b)(2) of BBEDCA. 
2Security spending is defined as spending in the National Defense budg-et function (050) and nonsecurity spending is defined as all other spending. 
TABLE 4.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2018 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2018 ................................. 17,000 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 10,228 TABLE 4.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS)—Continued 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2018 
Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 6,772 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 17,000 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... 0 
TABLE 5.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAMS (CHIMPS) 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2019 
CHIMPS Limit for Fiscal Year 2019 ................................. 15,000 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 0 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 0 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 0 Total CHIMPS Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥15,000 
TABLE 6.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2018 
Crime Victims Fund (CVF) CHIMP Limit for Fiscal Year 2018 ............................................................................ 11,224 Senate Appropriations Subcommittees Agriculture, Rural Development, and Related Agencies 0 Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ....... 10,228 Defense ............................................................................ 0 Energy and Water Development ....................................... 0 Financial Services and General Government ................... 0 Homeland Security ........................................................... 0 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies .................. 0 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies ............................................................. 0 Legislative Branch ........................................................... 0 TABLE 6.—SENATE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE—EN-ACTED CHANGES IN MANDATORY SPENDING PROGRAM (CHIMP) TO THE CRIME VICTIMS FUND—Continued 
[Budget authority, millions of dollars] 2018 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies ...................................................................... 0 State Foreign Operations, and Related Programs ........... 0 Transportation and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies ................................................. 0 
Current Level Total ........................................ 10,228 Total CVF CHIMP Above (+) or Below ( ¥) Budget Resolution ........................................................... ¥996 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, June 6, 2018. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2018 budget and is current through June 4, 2018. This report is sub-mitted under section 308(b) and in aid of sec-tion 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the technical and economic assumptions of H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018. Since our last letter dated April 11, 2018, the Congress has cleared the VA MISSION Act of 2018 (S. 2372), which awaits the Presi-dent’s signature. That act has significant ef-fects on budget authority and outlays in fis-cal year 2018. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPEND-ING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018, AS OF JUNE 4, 2018 
[In billions of dollars] Budget Resolution Current Level Current Level Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority ............. 3,399.8 3,557.2 157.4 Outlays ............................ 3,221.3 3,327.6 106.3 Revenues ......................... 2,497.1 2,500.3 3.2 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
a.. 849.6 849.6 0.0 Social Security Revenues 873.3 872.9 ¥0.4 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated annually. 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018, AS OF JUNE 4, 2018 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacted:a,b Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... n.a. n.a. 2,658,139 Permanents and other spending legislation ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 2,105,225 2,003,386 n.a. Appropriation legislation ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 0 513,307 n.a. Offsetting receipts ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................¥866,685 ¥866,685 n.a. 
Total, Previously Enacted ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,238,540 1,650,008 2,658,139 Enacted Legislation: Authorizing Legislation: National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (P.L. 115–91) .......................................................... ........................................................................................................... ¥33 ¥24 0 CHIP and Public Health Funding Extension Act (P.L. 115–96, Division C) ......................................................... ........................................................................................................ 705 205 0 An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 . . . and for other purposes (P.L. 115–96, Division D) ......................... ............................................................................... 2,100 1,050 0 An act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018  (P.L. 115–97) .................................................... ¥8,600 ¥8,600 ¥143,800 An act making further continuing appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes (P.L. 115 –120, Divisions C and D) .......................... 14,509 1,203 ¥1,263 Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–123, Divisions A and C–G)
b,c,d ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 7,504 4,050 ¥12,424 Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018, Divisions M–V (P.L. 115–141)
c............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 225 203 ¥348 
Total, Authorizing Legislation ................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................................. 1 6,410 ¥1,913 ¥157,835 Appropriation Legislation: Department of Defense Missile Defeat and Defense Enhancements Appropriations Act, 2018 (P.L. 115–96, Division B) ............... ........................................................................ 4,686 803 0 Further Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2018 (P.L. 115–123, Division B, Subdivisio n 1) ............................................................... 84,436 11,185 0 Further Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018, (P.L. 115–123, Division B, Subdivision 3) ............................ ......................................................................................... ¥315 ¥315 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.066 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3026 June 6, 2018 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018, AS OF JUNE 4, 2018—Continued 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018, Divisions A–L (P.L. 115–141)c,f,g ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 2,259,985 1,663,110 0 
Total, Appropriation Legislation ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 2, 348,792 1,674,783 0 Total, Enacted Legislation ..................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2,365,202  1,672,870 ¥157,835 Legislation Cleared Congress and Pending Signature: VA MISSION Act of 2018 (S. 2372) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 5,200 800 0 Entitlements and Mandatories: Budget resolution estimates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .......................................... ..................................................................................................... ¥51,440 4,205 0 Total Current Level
b,h............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 3,557,239 3,327,620 2,500,304 Total Senate Resolution
i............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 3,399,841 3,221,349 2,497,139 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 157,398 106,271 3,165 Current Level Under Senate Resolution .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. n.a. n.a n.a. 
Source. Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aIncludes the budgetary effects of the following acts that affect budget authority, outlays, or revenues and were cleared by the  Congress during the 1st session of the 115th Congress, but before the adoption of H. Con. Res. 71, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–46); the H arry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–48); a joint resolution compact relat- ing to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission (P.L. 115–54); the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 a nd Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–56); the Emergency Aid to American Survivors of Hurricanes Irma and Jose Overseas Act (P.L. 115–57); the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring A uthorities Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–62); the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–63); the Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria Education Relief Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–64); and the Additional Supplement al Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (P.L. 115–72). 
bEmergency funding that was not designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Deficit Control A ct does not count for certain budgetary enforcement purposes. These amounts, which are not included in the current level totals, are as follows: Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 (P.L. 115–63) ................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 263 263 0  Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–123) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 2,217 1,469 ¥509 
Total .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 2,480 1,732 ¥509 
cThe Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (P.L. 115–123) contains seven divisions: Division A, Subdivision 2 of Division B, and Divisio ns C–F contain authorizing legislation, of which the budgetary effects of Subdivision 2 of Division B were designated as being for emergency requirements. Subdivisions 1 and 3 of Division B contain appropriation legislation: Subdivisi on 1 provided supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for disaster relief and designated those amounts as being for emergency requirements, and section 158 of Subdivision 3 provided authority for the duration of fiscal yea r 2018, for the Secretary of Energy to draw down and sell crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Di- vision G of P.L. 115–123 provided for the budgetary treatment of Divisions A–F. 
dPursuant to section 232(b) of H.C.Res. 290 (106th Congress), the Concurrent Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001, the budgeta ry effects related to the Federal Reserve’s surplus funds are excluded. As a result, the amounts shown do not include estimated increases in revenues of $2,450 million in fiscal year 2018, $2,180 million over the 2018–2022 period,  and $1,750 million over the 2018–2027 period. 
eSections 540–543 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2017 (Division F of P.L. 115–31), extended several immigration programs through the end of fiscal year 2017. Several continuing resolutions continued those authorities through March 23, 2018, and sections 202–205 of title II of Division M of P.L. 115–141 further extended those  programs through 2018. CBO estimates that extending those authorities for the entirety of fiscal year 2018 will increase on-budget direct spending by $5 million in fiscal year 2018, $27 million over the 2018–2022 period, and $53 milli on over the 2018–2027 period. In addition, CBO estimates that extending those authorities will decrease off- budget direct spending by $1 million over the 2018–2122 period and by $7 million over the 2022–2027 period. Further, CBO estima tes that continuing those authorities will increase revenues by $2 million over the 2018–2022 period and by $7 million over the 2018–2022 period. Consistent with the budgetary treatment of Divisions K–V of P.L. 115–141, the budgetar y effects of extending the immigration programs through March 23, 2018, are charged to the Appropriations Committee; the effects of extending the programs for the remainder of fiscal year 2018 are charged to the relevant authorizing committees. 
fPursuant to sections 1001–1004 of the 21st Century Cures Act (P.L. 114–255), certain funding provided to the Department of Heal th and Human Services (HHS)— in particular the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the National Institutes of Health (NIH)—in 2017 through 2026 shall not count for the purposes of complying with provisions of the Deficit Co ntrol Act or the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974. As a result, the amounts shown do not include $1,056 million in budget authority or $770 million in associated outlays in fiscal year 2018, specifically, $60 million in budget authority and $22 million in outlays for the FDA; and $996 million in budget authority and $748 million in outlays for HHS, which includes $500 million in budget authority for state responses to the opioid abuse crisis  and $496 million for NIH. 
gSection 255 of the Departments of Labor, Health, and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 20 18 (Division H of P.L. 115–141), delayed implementation of the recommendations of the United States Preventive Services Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention. CBO estimates that the del ay will increase direct spending (budget authority and outlays) by $14 million in fiscal year 2019 and by $6 million in fiscal year 2020. In addition, CBO estimates that section 225 will decrease revenues by $23 million in fiscal yea r 2019 (of which $6 million will be off-budget) and will decrease revenues by $9 million in fiscal year 2020 (of which $2 million will be off-budget). 
hFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate,  does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. 
iPeriodically, the Senate Committee on the Budget revises the budgetary levels in H. Con. Res. 71, pursuant to various provision s of the resolution. The total for the Initial Senate Resolution shown below excludes $47,660 million in budget authority, $22,467 million in outlays, and $150,003 million in revenues assumed in H. Con. Res 71 for discretionary spen ding not constrained by the budgetary caps established by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (P.L. 112–25) and subsequently amended, including spending that qualifies for adjustments pursuant to section 4205 of H. Con. Res. 71. Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Initial Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 3,089,061 3,109,221 2,640,939 Revisions: Pursuant to section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71 ............................ .................................................................................. ¥8,600 ¥8,600 ¥143,800 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... .................................................................................................. 4,686 803 0 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... .................................................................................................. 84,436 11,185 0 Pursuant to section 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and section 4108 of H. Con. Res. 71 ................. .......................................................................... 230,553 108,997 0 Pursuant to sections 311 and 314(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 .................................................... .................................................................................................. ¥295 ¥257 0 
Revised Senate Resolution ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 3,399,841 3,221,349 2,497,139 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, June 6, 2018. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The enclosed report shows the effects of Congressional action on the fiscal year 2019 budget and is current through June 4, 2018. This report is sub-mitted under section 308(b) and in aid of sec-tion 311 of the Congressional Budget Act, as amended. The estimates of budget authority, out-lays, and revenues are consistent with the allocations, aggregates, and other budgetary levels printed in the Congressional Record on May 7, 2018, pursuant to section 30103 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123). This is CBO’s first current level report for fiscal year 2019. Sincerely, KEITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. 
TABLE 1.—SENATE CURRENT LEVEL REPORT FOR SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AS OF JUNE 4, 2018 
[In billions of dollars] Budget Resolution Current Level Current Level Over/Under (¥) Resolution 
On-Budget Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 3,547.1 2,404.9 ¥1,142.2 Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,508.1 2,861.9 ¥646.1 Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 2,590.5 2,590.5 0.0 Off-Budget Social Security Outlays
a............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 908.8 908.8 0.0 Social Security Revenues ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 899.2 899.2 0.0 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. 
aExcludes administrative expenses paid from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability In surance Trust Fund of the Social Security Administration, which are off-budget, but are appropriated an- nually. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.077 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3027 June 6, 2018 
TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CUR-RENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AS OF JUNE 4, 2018 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Previously Enacted Revenues ......................... n.a. n.a. 2,590,496 Permanents and other spending legislation ... 2,337,789 2,232,677 n.a. Appropriation legislation 0 573,950 n.a. Offsetting receipts ..........¥890,012 ¥890,015 n.a. 
Total, Previously En-acted .................. 1,447,777 1,916,612 2,590,496 Enacted Legislation Economic Growth, Regu-latory Relief, and Con-sumer Protections Act (P.L. 115–174)
a......... 18 17 ¥5 Legislation Cleared Congress and Pending Signature VA MISSION Act of 2018 (S. 2372) ..................... 0 4,400 0 TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CUR-RENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AS OF JUNE 4, 2018—Continued 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Entitlements and Mandatories Budget resolution esti-mates of appropriated entitlements and other mandatory programs .. 957,064 940,899 0 Total Current Level
b....... 2,404,859 2,861,928 2,590,491 Total Senate Resolution .. 3,547,094 3,508,052 2,590,496 
Current Level Over Senate Resolution ................... n.a. n.a. n.a. Current Level Under Sen-ate Resolution ............. 1,142,235 646,124 5 Memorandum Revenues, 2019–2028 Senate Current Level ................... n.a. n.a. 33,273,105 Senate Resolution .. n.a. n.a. 33,273,213 TABLE 2.—SUPPORTING DETAIL FOR THE SENATE CUR-RENT LEVEL REPORT FOR ON-BUDGET SPENDING AND REVENUES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019, AS OF JUNE 4, 2018—Continued 
[In millions of dollars] Budget Authority Outlays Revenues 
Current Level Over Senate Resolu-tion ..................... n.a. n.a. n.a. Current Level Under Senate Resolu-tion ..................... n.a. n.a. 108 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: n.a. = not applicable; P.L. = Public Law. 
aPursuant to section 232(b) of H.C. Res. 290 (106th Congress), the Con-current Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001, the budgetary effects related to the Federal Reserve’s surplus funds are excluded. As a result, the amounts shown do not include estimated increases in revenues of $655 mil-lion in fiscal year 2019, $570 million over the 2019–2023 period, and $454 million over the 2019–2028 period. 
bFor purposes of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act in the Senate, the resolution, as approved by the Senate, does not include budget authority, outlays, or revenues for off-budget amounts. As a result, current level does not include these items. 
TABLE 3.—SUMMARY OF THE SENATE PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS, AS OF JUNE 4, 2018 
[In millions of dollars] 2018 2019 2018–2023 2018–2028 
Beginning Balancea............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 0 0 0  0 Enacted Legislation:
bc A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitte d by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec- tion relating to ‘‘Incident Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’ (S.J. Res. 57, P.L. 115–172) ... ............................................................... * * * * Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protections Act (S. 2155, P.L. 115–174)
d......................................................................................................................... * 22 3 29 490 An Act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptati ons of residences of veterans in rehabili- tation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes (H.R. 3562) ............................................. ....................................................................................... * * * * Trickett Wendler, Frank Mongiello, Jordan McLinn, and Matthew Bellina Right to Try Act of 2017 (S. 204, P.L. 115–176) .......... .................................................................... * * * * Legislation Cleared Congress and Pending Signature: VA MISSION Act of 2018 (S. 2372)
c............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................ * * * * 
Current Balance * 22 329 490 
2018 2019 2018–2023 2018–2028 
Changes to Revenues ............................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... * ¥5 ¥47 ¥108 Changes to Outlays ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................... * 17  282 382 
Source: Congressional Budget Office. Notes: P.L. = Public Law; * = between ¥$500,000 and $500,000. 
aOn May 7, 2018, the Chairman of the Senate Committee on the Budget reset the Senate’s Pay-As-You-Go Scorecard to zero for all f iscal years. 
bThe amounts shown represent the estimated effect of the public laws on the deficit. 
cExcludes off-budget amounts. 
dPursuant to section 232(b) of H.C. Res. 290 (106th Congress), the Concurrent Budget Resolution for Fiscal Year 2001, the budget ary effects related to the Federal Reserve’s surplus funds are excluded. As a result, the amounts shown do not include estimated increases in revenues of $655 million in fiscal year 2019, $570 million over the 2019–2023 period, and  $454 million over the 2019–2028 period. 
eThe budgetary effects of this Act are excluded from the Senate’s PAYGO scorecard, pursuant to section 512 of the Act. 
D-DAY 2018 Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today we are proceeding to consideration of the Fiscal Year 2019 National Defense Au-thorization Act, NDAA, which is fit-ting: On this day 74 years ago, thou-sands of American troops, alongside our allies, executed a bold assault on the beaches of Normandy. The bravery of those troops on D-Day in their stand against Nazi tyranny and oppression has been admired by a grateful world ever since. The Nazi regime upended democratic freedoms and espoused a system of persistent human rights vio-lations bent on trampling the existence of minority groups which culminated in the concentration camps and geno-cide. The accomplishments of allied forces on D-Day and thereafter during Operation Overlord led to the defeat of the Adolph Hitler’s Nazi government and its heinous authoritarian, nation-alist ideology. D-Day remains a sterling example of how international partnerships and a spirit of collaborative defiance can overcome seemingly insurmountable odds. It is also a stark reminder of what is required in the presence of in-iquitous leaders. The leaders of the D- Day alliance and the troops who fought mightily that day on the beaches and in the French countryside and towns deserve our most sincere thanks and admiration. It is because of their brav-ery and hardship that the western world remains free. As we remember the courageous ac-tions of those present that ‘‘longest day,’’ I ask that we express our grati-tude by carrying on their example. We must resist the present-day reemer-gence of nationalist and racist influ-ences in the Western world and beyond. Concurrently, we must hold authori-tarian regimes accountable for their acts against humanity. We must ex-pand our diplomatic reach by strength-ening our alliances against authoritarianism. By working together like the daring souls who fought on D- Day, we can secure a future free from cruelty, oppression, and persecution. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ACT AND SMALL BUSINESS 7(a) LENDING OVER-SIGHT REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, last night, the Senate passed two pieces of bipartisan legislation that will in-crease access to capital for small busi-nesses and strengthen the Small Busi-ness Administration’s oversight of its largest lending program. First, I want to talk about the Small Business Investment Opportunity Act. This bill modifies SBA’s Small Busi-ness Investment Company, SBIC, pro-gram by increasing the amount of cap-ital SBICs with a single fund can invest in qualifying small businesses. This legislation will unlock millions in additional capital for small busi-nesses with high-growth potential, cre-ate jobs, ensure the program keeps pace with inflation, and align the pro-gram with changes Congress made in 2015. Earlier this year, I introduced the Senate version of this legislation with Senators RISCH and K ENNEDY as origi-nal cosponsors. It was reported out of the Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship Committee in March by a vote of 19–0. SBICs are privately owned and man-aged investment funds that use their own capital—plus funds borrowed with an SBA guaranty—to capitalize small businesses. The purpose of the SBIC program is to stimulate investment in America’s high-growth small busi-nesses. The investments are made at no expense to taxpayers. This bill is straightforward. Under current law, SBA can guarantee up to $150 million for a single SBIC invest-ment fund. This legislation increases 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.079 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3028 June 6, 2018 
that cap to $175 million. The cap has not been raised since 2009. Today, ad-justed for inflation, the amount should be nearly $170 million. Raising this cap ensures the program keeps up with in-flation. This change also builds upon a bill Senators R
ISCH and S HAHEEN and I passed in 2015 that increased the max-imum leverage from $225 million to $350 million for SBICs with more than one fund, commonly referred to as a ‘‘Family of Funds.’’ Aligning the maximum leverage cap for a single SBIC fund with that of a Family of Funds expands the capacity of SBA and its private-sector partners to deploy more capital to innovative, fast-growing small businesses. These are firms that boost local hiring, sup-port our communities, drive innova-tion, and help our country maintain its competitive edge. Last year, SBICs helped more than 1,200 firms, creating or saving nearly 113,000 jobs. Some of America’s most iconic brands have received investment cap-ital from SBICs, including Apple, Tesla, Whole Foods, Staples, Intel, FedEx, and Costco, among others. Maryland is home to five SBICs, some with multiple funds. I would like to highlight a few successful small firms that got financing through a Bal-timore-based SBIC called Patriot Cap-ital. CSS Antenna is based in Edgewood, MD. This firm designs and manufac-tures products that support the wire-less communications industry. Patriot Capital invested in CSS Antenna to support new product development and provide a stable layer of working cap-ital to nurture company growth. Dur-ing the life of Patriot’s SBIC invest-ment, CSS Antenna quadrupled its rev-enue and employee count, from 25 to 100. Patriot also invested in Advantage Engineers, based in Columbia, MD. This firm provides engineering services focused on the telecom, geotechnical, and environmental services markets. Since Patriot’s SBIC investment in 2016, Advantage Engineers’ has doubled its revenue and tripled its employees from 200 to 600. This firm could benefit from additional SBIC investment once the Small Business Investment Oppor-tunity Act is implemented. Finally, for those of you who like to check the weather on your smartphone, you might be interested to know that WeatherBug is an SBIC investment. WeatherBug provides desk-top and mobile users with real-time, local weather information. WeatherBug is the product of Earth Networks, based in Germantown, MD. Patriot Capital has provided various levels of SBIC capital to Earth Net-works to support a series of initiatives, including expansion into Smart Home technology that allows you to re-motely control your home’s lights, locks, and heating and cooling sys-tems. With passage of this legislation, I am hopeful that more investments will flow to innovative small businesses in Maryland and throughout the country. I also thank my colleagues for sup-porting the Small Business 7(a) Lend-ing Oversight Reform Act of 2018. The goal of this legislation is to strengthen SBA’s ability to conduct effective over-sight of its largest lending program, the 7(a) Loan Guaranty Program, and 7(a) lenders. The 7(a) program, through govern-ment guaranteed loans made by private sector lenders, provide small businesses with the capital they need for a broad range of purposes, from working cap-ital for payroll and inventory to fi-nancing for buildings and equipment. The maximum loan size is $5 million, the maximum term is 25 years, and the program operates at zero subsidy, with costs covered by borrower and lender fees. Protecting the integrity and sta-bility of the 7(a) program is important because it is one of the largest sources of long-term capital available to small businesses in our country. The pro-gram’s longer terms reduce the month-ly payments for small firms and pro-vide essential working capital to man-age startup and growth. Last year, the SBA 7(a) loan program helped more than 62,000 small busi-nesses. Combined, they were approved for more than $25 billion in loans, which supported more than 571,000 U.S. jobs. In Maryland, the 7(a) loan program helped 833 firms, which pumped nearly $300 million into local communities, supporting more than 6,700 jobs. The Small Business 71(a) Lending Oversight Reform Act of 2018 strength-ens SBA’s oversight of 7(a) lenders in the following ways: modernizes the def-inition of and compliance with the Credit Elsewhere test; creates a streamlined process to prevent a shut-down of the program with a process by which SBA can request an increase of the 7(a) lending cap, up to 15 percent, after an appropriate waiting period; en-sures the Director of the Office of Cred-it Risk Management, OCRM, is quali-fied and nonpartisan; improves the quality of lender reviews and examina-tions; and strengthens the rights of lenders to get timely reports of over-sight reviews and appeal penalties. Of the reforms we are enacting, two of the most significant are modernizing the credit elsewhere test and stream-lining the process to increase the 7(a) program cap. The credit elsewhere test is the bed-rock of the 7(a) program. It was created to ensure SBA is only backing loans to qualified borrowers who, but for the guaranty, would not get a loan based on conventional market standards. This lender oversight bill updates the credit elsewhere definition to reflect current market gaps, reinforces OCRM’s duty to ensure lenders use the credit elsewhere test for the benefit of the borrower and not the lender, and strengthens OCRM’s authority to sub-stantiate how lenders determine and document the credit elsewhere test. Creating a streamlined process to in-crease the lending capacity of SBA’s largest loan program will provide need-ed stability to this essential source of long-term capital for small businesses. Currently, if the 7(a) program hits its lending cap, Congress must act legisla-tively to raise the program level. Find-ing a timely legislative vehicle is dif-ficult and this legislative uncertainty can trigger market uncertainty and shutdown the program. To address this problem, this bill es-tablishes a notification-and-wait proc-ess by which SBA can notify Congress of its intent to increase the 7(a) lend-ing cap, up to 15 percent, after a 30-day waiting period. To prevent abuse of this authority, SBA may only increase the cap once a year. I support the 7(a) loan program and these lender oversight reforms. I look forward to building on this legislation by identifying ways to increase 7(a) loans to borrowers in unserved mar-kets. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANNIE CAPUTO Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize my former staffer, Ms. Annie Caputo, as she is finally con-firmed by the Senate as a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Annie has over 20 years of experience handling nuclear energy issues, which will serve her well in her new role at the NRC. Annie worked as senior policy ad-viser on my EPW committee staff from 2007 through 2012 and again in 2015 through 2016. Her experience and exper-tise is so well known and well regarded that staff and Senators on both sides of the aisle seek her input when it comes to nuclear issues. During her career, Annie also worked for the House En-ergy and Commerce Committee and Exelon Corporation, which operates more nuclear plants than any other company. Her expertise was invaluable to me during the aftermath of the Fukushima nuclear accident, in my work to ensure the NRC issued timely decisions on new nuclear plant licenses, and most recently, she has been central in devel-oping the bipartisan Nuclear Energy Innovation Act. I want to congratulate Annie Caputo on this well-deserved confirmation and wish her well in her new role at the NRC. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FRANK FANNON Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize my good friend and former staffer, Mr. Frank Fannon, who has been confirmed to lead the State Department’s Bureau of Energy Re-sources. We have seen how expanding U.S. en-ergy exports to Eastern Europe has supported our allies and curbed Rus-sia’s influence in the region. As Assist-ant Secretary of State for Energy Re-sources, Frank can use his leadership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.060 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3029 June 6, 2018 
and expertise effectively to advance American energy dominance and en-force energy sanctions, like those against Russia and Iran. Frank served as energy counsel to the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works from 2003 to 2007. While at EPW, his knowledge on en-ergy issues was vital. He drafted key provisions of the bipartisan Energy Policy Act of 2005, legislation that helped to unleash American innovation and set the conditions for today’s en-ergy abundance. I want to congratulate Frank Fannon on this well-deserved confirmation and wish him well in his new role at the State Department. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GREGORY SLAVONIC Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize my good friend and fellow Oklahoman, Mr. Gregory Sla-vonic, for his Senate confirmation as the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Manpower and Reserve Affairs at the Department of Defense. Greg was raised in Oklahoma City, OK. He graduated with a bachelor of science from Oklahoma State Univer-sity and then enlisted in the Navy. After completing boot camp and sig-nalman ‘‘A’’ school he received orders to the aircraft carrier USS Constella-tion (CVA 64) and completed two west-ern Pacific deployments in support of combat operations in Vietnam. In 1976, he earned a master’s degree from the University of Central Oklahoma. His military awards include the Le-gion of Merit Medal; Bronze Star Medal, two awards; Meritorious Service Medal, three awards; Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, two awards; Combat Action Ribbon; Presi-dential Unit Citation; and numerous other campaign and service medals. Throughout his 34-year career in the Navy and as chief of staff to Senator J
AMES LANKFORD , Greg has served his country and his home State of Okla-homa with great honor and distinction. He will bring those experiences of suc-cess to this position and continue the excellence that has been the trademark of the U.S. military. I want to congratulate Greg Slavonic on this well-deserved confirmation and wish him well in his new role at the DOD. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL MARIAH SMITH Mrs. HYDE-SMITH. Mr. President, I am pleased to commend LTC Mariah Smith, U.S. Army, for her more than 18 years of service to the Nation. Lieutenant Colonel Smith has distin-guished herself for the past 2 years as a senior congressional liaison for the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Fi-nancial Management and Comptroller. In this capacity, she has worked suc-cessfully to build and uphold the crit-ical relationship between Congress and the U.S. Army. Lieutenant Colonel Smith managed the military personnel portfolio, which involves over 1 million soldiers, almost $60 billion in assets, and more than 40 percent of the Army’s total appropria-tion. She approached this task with the dedication expected of an exceptional Army leader: She acted on opportuni-ties to take care of soldiers. She has been notably proficient in resolving in-numerable inquiries into individual soldier issues. In the same manner, she enabled Members of Congress to re-main devoted to the care of their con-stituents, while also supporting con-gressional efforts to shape personnel policy. Lieutenant Colonel Smith is recog-nized as a mentor and leader among her peers, with an outstanding depth of service in the legislative affairs area, having previously served as a congres-sional fellow, military legislative as-sistant for a Member of the House of Representatives, and a legislative liai-son for the NATO training mission in Kabul, Afghanistan. Her tenure in the Army includes almost 5 years of lead-ing soldiers in Iraq, Afghanistan, Ku-wait, and the Horn of Africa. Her sig-nificant contributions to the Army’s budget liaison office are a credit to herself, the Army, and the Nation she serves. I am pleased to commend Lieutenant Colonel Smith for her many years of distinguished service as a congres-sional liaison and to wish her well in her continued service. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING WILLIAM T. KERR ∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Mr. William T. Kerr and his contributions to the creation of Flag Day. His passion for the flag spurred a lifetime pursuit to establish a national holiday to honor it. Mr. Kerr grew up in Pittsburgh and established himself in Yeadon, PA. After hearing the stories of sacrifice and patriotism during the Civil War, Mr. Kerr garnered a unique apprecia-tion for the flag of the United States. In 1888, Mr. Kerr established the American Flag Day Association, an or-ganization committed to promoting pa-triotism and respect for the flag on a national scale and establishing Flag Day on June 14. In Mr. Kerr’s capacity as the president of the American Flag Day Association, a position he held for five decades, he met with nine Presi-dents and wrote countless letters to Senators, Members of Congress, Gov-ernors, and local officials to petition for Flag Day to be celebrated on June 14. Mr. Kerr’s activism inspired several leaders, including President Woodrow Wilson, who went on to proclaim June 14 as National Flag Day on May 30, 1916, and General Douglas MacArthur, who wrote a letter to Mr. Kerr in 1947, citing reverence and honor in the flag itself. Though Congress initially failed to submit legislation to President Wil-son supporting the proclamation to recognize the holiday, three decades later, Congress passed a bill formally declaring June 14 as National Flag Day. On August 3, 1949, President Harry S. Truman, with Mr. Kerr stand-ing next to him, signed the Flag Day bill into law, formally declaring June 14 as National Flag Day. I commend Mr. Kerr on his commit-ment to creating a day to honor the flag. Pennsylvanians are renowned for their hard work, dedication, persever-ance, and patriotism, and Mr. Kerr is an excellent example of that assess-ment. Mr. Kerr’s legacy has lived on, especially in the small farm town of Yeadon, where the town celebrates Flag Day as an all-day affair. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO SCOTT GINGER ∑Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, today I am honored to recognize one of Nevada’s most dedicated and excep-tional educators, Mr. Scott Ginger of Green Valley High School, who has served thousands of students with the utmost dedication. Mr. Ginger, as his current and former students continue to call him, has remained committed to his students’ success for 29 years. He began his career at William E. Orr Mid-dle School in 1989 and moved to Green Valley High School 2 years later, where administrators, faculty, students, and families have revered him. He has won the Green Valley High School Golden Gator Award 17 times and has been in-ducted into the Clark County Teachers’ Hall of Fame. Nevadans who know Mr. Ginger are eager to highlight his impressive skills as a speech and debate coach, a role that has given him and his forensics team at Green Valley High School the county championship 24 consecutive times since 1995 and the State cham-pionship a record 16 times. In 2018, the National Speech and Debate Associa-tion named him Nevada Educator of the Year. Although a very skilled com-petitor, Mr. Ginger has always empha-sized that speech and debate are pri-marily ‘‘a vehicle to build character, to be ethical, to be kind, to think big pic-ture and think about others.’’ Students who were fortunate to learn from Mr. Ginger agree. Those in the professional world claim Mr. Ginger’s classroom lessons still help them keep calm and collected when speaking in public. Most importantly, those students also give Mr. Ginger credit for their ability to make lasting connections and friendships. The sense of community belonging that Mr. Ginger has given his students is perhaps his most important legacy. He has allowed some of his most tal-ented students to teach within the classroom and has provided an oppor-tunity for former students to come back and speak about the multiple ben-efits they have reaped from forensics. Thus, a community of skilled debaters 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.041 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3030 June 6, 2018 
has grown in southern Nevada, includ-ing those who have become leaders in a variety of fields all across the country. No matter where their career paths lead them, Mr. Ginger’s former stu-dents will always remember and cher-ish the life lessons they learned in his classroom. I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing Mr. Scott Ginger for his 29 years of service as an educator in the Clark County School District. I admire Mr. Ginger for his incredible ability to inspire and shape the lives of his stu-dents and for encouraging cooperation and a sense of community that should be held as a model for all classrooms in our Nation. I celebrate Mr. Ginger’s impact in Nevada, and I am proud of his work to enhance young Nevadans’ ability to succeed and thrive. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GENERAL LORI J. ROBINSON ∑Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, Gen. Lori J. Robinson, USAF, will offi-cially retire from Active Duty later this summer. This week, General Rob-inson’s friends and family are gath-ering in Crystal City to celebrate her career. In advance of that event, I wanted to say a few words about this exemplary military officer and hon-orary Alaskan who has devoted her en-tire 36-year career to the security of our Nation. General Robinson was born in Big Springs, TX. She is the oldest of five children. Her father served over 30 years in the Air Force, so she was not a stranger to the military lifestyle. General Robinson completed her under-graduate work at New Hampshire Uni-versity in English and was commis-sioned as an Air Force officer through the ROTC Program in 1981. Entering the Air Force, she was trained as an air battle manager. General Robinson spent several years mastering her craft before completing the weapons instruc-tor course as a distinguished graduate from the Air Force Weapons School. She served in several locations to in-clude Florida, Philippines, Nevada, Ha-waii, Oklahoma, Colorado, Southwest Asia, and multiple stints in the Na-tion’s Capital. While General Robinson served both across the Air Force and the country, it was in 1989 when then-Captain Rob-inson arrived at Pacific Air Forces, PACAF, for her first assignment at the headquarters. As the chief of current operations and command briefer, Gen-eral Robinson gained breadth beyond her operational duties as an air battle manager. She would return 26 years later in 2014 to assume command of PACAF, becoming the first female Air Force officer to lead an Air Force major component command. General Robinson met the challenges of a com-mand spanning 13 time zones and 100 million square miles of air space head on, providing effective leadership to the command during a challenging time for the Air Force. As PACAF commander, General Rob-inson oversaw U.S. Air Force oper-ations at Joint Base Elmendorf Rich-ardson and Eielson Air Force Base in Alaska. She was generous in her sup-port for Alaska’s airmen and gra-ciously keynoted the 47th Greater Fairbanks Chamber of Commerce Mili-tary Appreciation Banquet in 2015. Following General Robinson’s time as the PACAF commander, she took command of North American Aero-space Defense Command, NORAD, and U.S. Northern Command, USNORTHCOM, in May 2016. In this final assignment, General Robinson made history again as the first female to command a combatant command. Tasked with the defense of the North American continent, General Robinson has faced down challenges ranging from nuclear threats from North Korea to a series of severe natural disasters. Managing disaster relief for 10 hurri-canes while simultaneously providing aid for the wildfires that affected over 10 million acres in 2017 strained the commands and their resources, but General Robinson used the challenges to help expand the commands’ readi-ness and capabilities. General Robinson’s strong relation-ship with Alaska continued in that role, as Alaskan Command is a subuni-fied combatant command of USNORTHCOM. During her tenure as the NORAD and USNORTHCOM com-mander, General Robinson made sev-eral visits to Alaska and worked to bol-ster the military’s presence in the State. She advocated for the sustainment of and funding for the Alaska Radar System, and she appre-ciated the significance of joint training and exercises that take place in the State. General Robinson’s focus on these aspects of military readiness has helped grow the capabilities of the military in Alaska and, as a result, has increased the defense of the United States. Recognizing the importance of excellent military-community rela-tions, General Robinson graciously keynoted the 2018 Salute to the Mili-tary in Anchorage, sponsored by the Armed Services YMCA. General Robinson has led a career in the Air Force that reflects its core val-ues: integrity first, service before self, and excellence in all we do. She is an example to all who serve, especially the young women looking for a path to success in the military. At every step along the way, she has supported and been supported by her husband, Maj. Gen. (retired) David Robinson. They are a truly unique pair of military tal-ents and a model for dual-career mili-tary families. The impact the two of them have had on the Air Force and our country cannot be understated. Although retirement will pull Gen-eral Robinson from the Air Force, I un-derstand she is looking forward to spending time with her children and grandchildren. We Alaskans are proud of the impact General Robinson has had on our State during her time in the service, and we are proud of the impact we have had on her. She is an exem-plary officer and a true example for all women looking to succeed in the mili-tary. I hope that, as General Robinson enjoys her time in retirement, she brings her family to visit Alaska some-time soon. On behalf of my Senate colleagues, I take this opportunity to thank General Robinson for her service and wish her well in her retirement.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO MOLLY WINTERS DIALLO ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I am pleased to honor Molly Winters Diallo, the Miami-Dade County Teach-er of the Year from Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High Biscayne Bay Campus in North Miami, FL. Molly’s inspiration to become a teacher began when she was young. Her parents were teachers, and they in-stilled in her the importance of edu-cation. When students walk into her classroom, Molly tells them they are going to college, and she will help them get there. Her school has students from 66 different countries and speak several languages. To many, her words of en-couragement made the difference. In Molly’s classroom, students are taught the importance of investing in education. Her students are asked for their thoughts on topics, what they want to learn, and what changes she can make to better suit their needs. Molly’s bond with her students ex-tends beyond high school. She has helped them throughout their college application process, providing advice and has served as a shoulder to lean on when they encounter setbacks. Molly grew up in Connecticut and began teaching at a private school in the British Virgin Islands. After receiv-ing her master’s degree from Tufts Uni-versity, she moved to Miami in the early 2000s. She previously taught at Miami Edison Senior High for 5 years before transferring to Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High Biscayne Bay Campus, where she teaches ad-vanced placement human geography and psychology and honors U.S. his-tory. I extend my sincere recognition and appreciation to Molly for her hard work and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHELLE DINWIDDLE ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Michelle Dinwiddie, the Polk County Teacher of the Year from Lake Gibson High School in Lakeland, FL. Michelle follows what she calls the Pro Principle, that she and her stu-dents should be professional, produc-tive, and proficient in all aspects of their lives. She challenges her students to demonstrate professionalism in speech and attire, productivity in achievement, and proficiency in learn-ing so they can succeed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.061 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3031 June 6, 2018 
Michelle fosters growth in student learning and behavior. She uses whiteboard tables within her classroom to enhance student engagement and learning gains. While her academic re-sponsibility is to increase the reading and writing scores on the Florida State Assessment, her professional respon-sibilities far exceed the walls of her classroom. She serves as department chair, leading educators in professional development. Michelle seeks to mentor new teachers and nurture future teach-er leaders. She serves as an ambassador for teacher collaboration and observa-tion, both factors she believes will cre-ate positive change within her school. Michelle holds a bachelor’s degree in secondary English education from Southeastern University in Lakeland, FL, and is currently pursuing a mas-ter’s degree in collaborative teaching. She received the Southeastern Univer-sity Award and Most Outstanding Sec-ondary English Major Award in 2009, publishing two original poems locally and nationally. I extend my sincere thanks to Michelle for her dedication to helping her students achieve success. I look forward to hearing of her continued success throughout her teaching career in the years ahead.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NICOLE A. GREBOSZ ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Nicole Grebosz, the Volusia County Teacher of the Year from Cit-rus Grove Elementary School in DeLand, FL. In the same county where she com-pleted her high school degree about 17 years ago, Nicole was named her coun-ty’s Teacher of the Year. She is a tech-nology special area teacher, focusing on new technology instruction. Thanks to Nicole’s hard work, more than 940 students at her school have ac-cess to the tools that will help steer their education. Nicole says her stu-dents think they cannot code because it involves a language they do not speak, but she knows this is not the case. She strives to make them believe in themselves. Nicole transitioned to elementary school in 2015, after having started her career in education at her alma mater, Pine Ridge High School. During her 9 years at the high school, she taught English and language arts. She also headed a web design class at Florida Virtual School. I thank Nicole for the commitment she has made to teaching her students to understand our rapidly evolving technological world. I extend my best wishes to Nicole on her continued suc-cess in future endeavors.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SAMANTHA NEFF ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I am pleased to recognize Samantha Neff, the Seminole County Teacher of the Year from Idyllwilde Elementary School in Sanford, FL. Samantha’s administrators say she brings enthusiasm and creative energy to her school. She is determined to help her colleagues become better math teachers in order to help their students feel confident tackling the sometimes difficult subject. Samantha joined the school this year and has already helped Idyllwilde teachers, particularly its 24 new ones, improve their lessons. She spends hours in classrooms, modeling lessons and observing their styles. According to her principal, Samantha is exem-plary and is dedicated to contributing her time, energy, and resources into the school’s students. Seventeen years into her career, Samantha still loves teaching and is eager to encourage her love of math. Samantha grew up in Seminole Coun-ty and graduated from Lake Mary High School. She has spent her entire teach-ing career in the district, working as an elementary school teacher, then as a math coach whose job is to help other teachers become better math instruc-tors. She is also an adjunct professor at the University of Central Florida, her alma mater. I am grateful for the dedication Samantha has shown to her students throughout her teaching career. I ex-press my best wishes to her and look forward to hearing of Samantha’s con-tinued success in the years ahead. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO KYLIE ONDRIEZEK ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Kylie Ondriezek, the Sumter County Teacher of the Year from Wild-wood Middle High School in Wildwood, FL. Kylie was recognized with the Teach-er of the Year award because of her dedication to providing her students with countless opportunities for suc-cess in her classroom. She strives to provide her students with a quality education and creating a friendly at-mosphere to learn. Kylie’s colleagues and students note she makes herself available to their needs throughout the school day. She is devoted to being a positive role model and wants to make sure she is able to help all of her students as they continue their educational careers long after leaving her classroom. Kylie graduated from Wildwood Mid-dle High School and returned to the school in 2015 to teach English II and English II honors. I am pleased to congratulate Kylie for receiving this important recogni-tion. I express my best wishes to her and look forward to hearing of her con-tinued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MADGALY SANTANA ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Madgaly Santana, the Hardee County Teacher of the Year from North Wauchula Elementary School in Lake-land, FL. Madgaly’s colleagues attest that she is dedicated to making sure her young students learn all that they can while she is their teacher. She states that she is not just there for her students, but also for their parents as well. She feels that having a relationship with both students and parents helps make the school year a success. Madgaly graduated from Ashford University in 2012 with a bachelor of science degree in elementary education K–6. In 2013, she began working at North Wauchula Elementary School as a first grade teacher and has been in the school system for 8 years. I thank Madgaly for her devotion to helping her students learn and excel in school. I extend my best wishes and look forward to hearing of her contin-ued success in the years ahead. ∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:04 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 801. An act to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National Historic Trail, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 1026. An act to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to ex-tend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes. H.R. 2991. An act to establish the Susque-hanna National Heritage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, and for other purposes. H.R. 3997. An act to waive the application fee for any special use permit for veterans demonstrations and special events at war memorials on Federal land, and for other purposes. H.R. 5005. An act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasi-bility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System. H.R. 5655. An act to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. H.R. 5956. An act to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 801. An act to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National Historic Trail, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2991. An act to establish the Susque-hanna National Heritage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 3997. An act to waive the application fee for any special use permit for veterans demonstrations and special events at war memorials on Federal land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.063 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3032 June 6, 2018 
H.R. 5005. An act to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasi-bility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 5655. An act to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 1026. An act to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to ex-tend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, and for other purposes f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5393. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Alpha-cypermethrin; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9976–73) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5394. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ethoxylated Fatty Acid Methyl Esters; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9976–39) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–5395. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Tree Tomatoes from Ecuador into the Continental United States’’ (RIN0579–AE23) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5396. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Thresholds for De Minimis Activity and Exemptions from Licensing Under the Animal Welfare Act’’ (RIN0579–AD99) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5397. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Issuances Staff, Food Safety and Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Elimination of Trichinae Control Regulations and Consoli-dation of Thermally Processed, Commer-cially Sterile Regulations’’ (RIN0583–AD59) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5398. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, mile markers 179 to 180, St. Louis, MO’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0379)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5399. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Kevin M. Donegan, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5400. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a certification of the Integrated Defensive Electronic Counter-measures (IDECM) program; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5401. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting a legislative proposal relative to the President of the United States’ Fiscal Year 2019 budget request for the Department of Homeland Security; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5402. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulatory Capital Rules: Removal of Cer-tain Capital Rules That Are No Longer Ef-fective Following the Implementation of the Revised Capital Rules’’ (RIN3064–AE51) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5403. A communication from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Depart-mental Offices, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Qualified Financial Con-tracts Recordkeeping Related to Orderly Liquidation Authority’’ (RIN1505–AC57) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5404. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, Department of En-ergy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2017 Economic Dispatch and Tech-nological Change’’ ; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. EC–5405. A communication from the Senior Advisor to the Secretary for Fish and Wild-life and Parks, National Park Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical and Clarifying Edits; Criminal Violations NPS Units Nationwide’’ (RIN1024– AE43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–5406. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Additional Air Quality Designations for the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9977–72–OAR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5407. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; SC; Redesignation of the Green-ville-Spartanburg Unclassifiable Area’’ (FRL No. 9978–93–Region 4) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5408. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; PA; Emis-sions Statement Requirement for the 2008 Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9978–98–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5409. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Infrastructure and Interstate Transport for the 2012 Fine Par-ticulate Matter Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard’’ (FRL No. 9978–48–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5410. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘New Source Performance Standards and National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Author-ity to New Mexico’’ (FRL No. 9978–89–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–5411. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘State of Iowa; Approval and Promul-gation of the State Implementation Plan, the 111(d) Plan and the Operating Permits Program; Final Rule’’ (FRL No. 9979–10–Re-gion 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5412. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Program-Specific Guidance About Academic, Research and Development, and Other Licenses of Limited Scope Including Electron Capture Devices and X–Ray Fluo-rescence Analyzers’’ (NUREG–1556, Volume 7, Revision 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5413. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Service of Process; Production or Disclosure of Official Information in response to Court Orders, Subpoenas, Notices of Depositions, Requests for Admissions, Interrogatories, or Similar Requests or Demands in Connection With Federal or State Litigation; Expert Testi-mony’’ (RIN1400–AE49) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:34 Sep 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S06JN8.REC S06JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3033 June 6, 2018 
EC–5414. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0048 - 2018–0069); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5415. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Presidential Appoint-ments, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, thirty (30) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of State, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2018; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5416. A joint communication from the Secretary of Labor and the Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corpora-tion’s fiscal year 2017 actuarial evaluation of the expected operations and status of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation funds; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5417. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5418. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Health Resources and Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘340B Drug Pricing Program Ceiling Price and Manufacturer Civil Monetary Penalties; Further Delay of Effective Date’’ (RIN0906– AB18) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–5419. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Statis-tical Programs of the United States Govern-ment: Fiscal Year 2018’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5420. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of Defense, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the pe-riod from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5421. A communication from the Acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5422. A communication from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5423. A communication from the Acting Commissioner of the Social Security Admin-istration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018 and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the re-port; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5424. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Office of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5425. A communication from the Chair-man of the Federal Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018 and the Uniform Re-source Locator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5426. A communication from the Direc-tor, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5427. A communication from the Acting Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5428. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s Semiannual Report from the Office of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5429. A communication from the Board Members of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5430. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the General Services Adminis-tration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5431. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–355, ‘‘Southwest Waterfront Exemption Temporary Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5432. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–346, ‘‘Walter Alley Designa-tion Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5433. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–347, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Cer-tified Business Enterprise Preference Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5434. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–348, ‘‘Ernest Everett Just Court Designation Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5435. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–349, ‘‘Lois Mailou Jones Alley Designation Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5436. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–350, ‘‘Watkins Alley Designa-tion Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5437. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–351, ‘‘Israel Baptist Church Way Designation Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5438. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–352, ‘‘Business Improvement Districts Tax Exemption Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5439. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–353, ‘‘Parcel F1 Easement Dis-position Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5440. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–354, ‘‘Swampoodle Park Des-ignation Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5441. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–377 ‘‘Lawrence E. Boone Ele-mentary School Designation Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5442. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–364, ‘‘Personal Delivery De-vice Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5443. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–365, ‘‘Grocery Store Restric-tive Covenant Prohibition Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5444. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–366, ‘‘Maternal Mental Health Task Force Establishment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5445. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–367, ‘‘Consumer Protection Clarification and Enhancement Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5446. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–368, ‘‘Study of Mental Health and Substance Abuse in Immigrant Commu-nities Act of 2018’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5447. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–369, ‘‘Solar Expansion for Co-operative Associations Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5448. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.008 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3034 June 6, 2018 
on D.C. Act 22–370, ‘‘405 53rd Street, N.E., Disposition Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5449. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–371, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 748, S.O. 16–21105, Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5450. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–372, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 5196, S.O. 17–26544, Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5451. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–373, ‘‘Home Composting Incen-tives Amendment Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5452. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–374, ‘‘Pools Without Penalties Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5453. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–375, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 221, S.O. 17–26363, Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5454. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–376, ‘‘Anna Cooper House TOPA Exemption Act of 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5455. A communication from the Staff Director, U.S. Sentencing Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the compliance of federal district courts with documentation submission re-quirements; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. EC–5456. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act; Lifting the Stay on Inclusion of Shrimp and Abalone in the Sea-food Traceability Program’’ (RIN0648–BH89) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5457. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Thunder over Toledo Fire-works, Maumee River, Toledo, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0469)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5458. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Freedom Festival Fireworks, Lake Erie, Luna Pier, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0449)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5459. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Chicago Harbor, Adler Plane-tarium, Chicago, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2018–0391)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5460. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone for Fireworks Display; Severn River, Sherwood Forest, MD’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0157)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5461. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Annual Events in the Captain of the Port Buffalo Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–1112)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5462. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Flagship Niagara’s Mariners Ball; Presque Isle Bay, Erie, PA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0469)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5463. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Great Western Tube Float; Parker, AZ’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0251)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5464. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; US 68/KY 80 Lake Barkley Bridge, Cumberland River, Canton, KY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0503)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5465. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Lake of the Ozarks, Bagnell, MO’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0307)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 4, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 1872. A bill to authorize the programs of the Transportation Security Administration relating to transportation security, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–266). By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’ (Rept. No. 115–267). EXECUTIVE REPORT OF COMMITTEE The following executive report of a nomination was submitted: 
By Mr. HOEVEN for the Committee on In-dian Affairs. Tara Sweeney, of Alaska, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of the Interior. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 2999. A bill to require Commander of the United States Cyber Command and others to conduct a tier 1 exercise of support to civil authorities for a cyber incident, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: S. 3000. A bill to amend title XI of the So-cial Security Act to make improvements to the transparency report requirements under section 1128G of such Act; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 3001. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and fa-cilities of the Central Valley Project; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3002. A bill to provide for the implemen-tation of a system of licensing for purchasers of certain firearms and for a record of sale system for those firearms, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): S. 3003. A bill to amend the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 relative to the powers of the Department of Justice Inspector General; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): S. 3004. A bill to amend the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to exclude privately held, non- custody brokers and dealers that are in good standing from certain requirements under title I of that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 3005. A bill to encourage and promote urban, indoor, and other emerging agricul-tural production practices, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. S MITH, and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 3006. A bill to require publication of the annual reports required under the Presi-dential Order on Buy American and Hire American; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 3007. A bill to include Portugal in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eli-gible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Gov-ernment of Portugal; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.011 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3035 June 6, 2018 
By Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. 3008. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit to Congress a report con-taining recommendation on how to improve the use of non-opioid treatments for acute and chronic pain management for individ-uals entitled to benefits under part A or en-rolled under part B of the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Mr. B
AR-
RASSO , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 3009. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify when the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency has the authority to prohibit the specification of a defined area, or deny or restrict the use of a defined area for speci-fication, as a disposal site under section 404 of that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. U DALL ): S. 3010. A bill to amend the National Tele-communications and Information Adminis-tration Organization Act to provide for nec-essary payments from the Spectrum Reloca-tion Fund for costs of spectrum research and development and planning activities; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 3011. A bill to ban the exportation of crude oil or refined petroleum products de-rived from Federal land, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 3012. A bill to establish an innovative water technology grant program and to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to en-courage the use of innovative water tech-nology, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. CORKER (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. L EE, Mr. S ASSE, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. I SAKSON ): S. 3013. A bill to amend the Trade Expan-sion Act of 1962 to require Congressional ap-proval before the President adjusts imports that are determined to threaten to impair national security; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. GARDNER: S. 3014. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to support rural resi-dency training funding that is equitable for all States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. HARRIS: S. 3015. A bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to establish a low-in-come sewer and drinking water assistance pilot program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. C
AS-
SIDY, Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. S COTT): S. 3016. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-income and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. 3017. A bill to amend the FAST Act to improve the Federal permitting process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. HEINRICH: S. 3018. A bill to give middle-class families access to the maximum Federal Pell Grant, to increase college transparency, and State maintenance of efforts, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MORAN: S. 3019. A bill to amend the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act to require that Federal and State mandated information declarations and labeling requirements applicable to the chemical composition of, and radiation emit-ted by, consumer products meet minimum scientific standards to deliver accurate and clear information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. Res. 535. A resolution reaffirming the United States commitment to the North At-lantic Treaty Organization; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 536. A resolution to authorize docu-ment production by the Select Committee on Intelligence; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 112 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 112, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize per diem payments under comprehensive service programs for homeless veterans to furnish care to dependents of home-less veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 206 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 206, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Sec-retary of Education to award job train-ing Federal Pell Grants. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriv-ing through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other pur-poses. S. 601 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 601, a bill to ensure that signifi-cantly more students graduate college with the international knowledge and experience essential for success in to-day’s global economy through the es-tablishment of the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program in the Depart-ment of Education. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Il-linois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Sen-ator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Sen-ator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achieve-ments and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 808 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 808, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 842 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 842, a bill to prohibit Fed-eral agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for employment disclose criminal history record information before the appli-cant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes. 
S. 1022 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1022, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assign-ment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1172 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1172, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to foreign per-sons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.015 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3036 June 6, 2018 
rights against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) individuals, and for other purposes. 
S. 1352 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1352, a bill to establish a tax credit for on-site apprenticeship programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1764 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1764, a bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, pro-vide access to medical marijuana, and enable research into the medicinal properties of marijuana. 
S. 1854 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1854, a bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to enhance penalties for theft of a firearm from a Federal firearms licensee. 
S. 1942 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1942, a bill to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address miss-ing and murdered Indians, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the ex-pansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2488 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2488, a bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to exclude the receipt of basic allowance for housing for mem-bers of the Armed Forces in deter-mining eligibility for certain Federal benefits, and for other purposes. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. S. 2654 
At the request of Ms. S MITH, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2654, a bill to amend the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 to establish the Community Connect Grant Pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 2662 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2662, a bill to provide for a grant program for handgun licensing programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2756 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2756, a bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to di-rect the Securities and Exchange Com-mission to revise the regulations of the Commission regarding the qualifica-tions of natural persons as accredited investors. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copy-right law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2827 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2827, a bill to amend the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation Act. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2838 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2838, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain information on dis-tribution of opioids, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2902 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2902, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to facilitate Medicaid access to State pre-scription drug monitoring programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2930 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2930, a bill to provide that Con-gress may not recess, adjourn, or con-sider other matters after August 1 of any year if Congress has not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget and passed the regular appropriations bills with respect to the next fiscal year. S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protec-tion Act to designate additional unlaw-ful acts under the Act, strengthen pen-alties for violations of the Act, im-prove Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2961 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2961, a bill to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. 
S. 2969 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2969, a bill to amend the Consoli-dated Farm and Rural Development Act to improve water or waste disposal grants or direct or guaranteed loans, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2270 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2270 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 3001. A bill to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Val-ley Project; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I am pleased to introduce the Contra Costa Transfer Act, a bill that will assure the health and safety of the residents of Contra Costa County while also providing for the efficient delivery of water from the Bay Delta to the cus-tomers of the Contra Costa Water Dis-trict (CCWD). Senator H
ARRIS is join-ing me in cosponsoring the bill, and I understand that Representatives M
ARK D
ESAULNIER , J ERRY MCNERNEY and M
IKETHOMPSON will be introducing a House companion measure this week as well. The CCWD is an urban water agency serving approximately 500,000 people in the eastern part of the San Francisco Bay Area region in Northern Cali-fornia. CCWD operates and maintains the Contra Costa Canal System, a unit of the Central Valley Project (CVP), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.018 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3037 June 6, 2018 
which is owned by the United States and managed by the Bureau of Rec-lamation in the Department of the In-terior. The Contra Costa Canal System in-volves 48 miles of earthen canals with about 30 miles of laterals which deliver water to cities from the canal. Al-though the canal has been maintained, it poses a safety and flood risk. Not-withstanding significant security fenc-ing, 81 people have tragically been drowned since the canal was placed into service and hundreds of others have been rescued. The bill I am introducing today would transfer title to the canal sys-tem to CCWD so it can begin the proc-ess of replacing this old, earthen canal with a secure buried pipeline. The con-version of the canal to a pipeline will cost CCWD approximately $650 million. CCWD has already repaid Reclama-tion for costs of constructing the project. After title transfer of the canal is completed, CCWD would re-main a CVP M&I customer as set forth in the Long-term Renewal Contract be-tween the United States and CCWD providing for Project Water Service and for Facilities Repayment (Contract No. I75r-3401 A-LTR1 May 10, 2005) (CVP Contract). This title transfer bill was anticipated in Article 28.3 of the CVP Contract which allows for transfer of title to the Contra Costa Canal System upon repayment of all outstanding cap-italized costs of the facilities and upon authorization of Congress. Before title transfer occurs, there will be further environmental review, including compliance with the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), Endangered Species Act (ESA) and National Historical Preservation Act (NHPA). Title Transfer will result in lower costs and reduced administrative bur-den, provide greater flexibility in man-agement of the asset, and will elimi-nate flood and other safety concerns. When the canal was originally built, there was no one around it. Now there are many homes and neighborhood along both sides of the structure. If the canal were to fail as has occurred with other earthen canals, homes would be flooded, and millions of dollars of prop-erty would be destroyed. Title transfer would transfer this health and safety liability for the canal to CCWD. Reclamation also benefits through lower costs and reduced ad-ministrative burden. Currently, work on the Canal System requires varying levels of coordination and documenta-tion with Reclamation for planning, design, project implementation, main-tenance, and operation. CCWD has been responsible for O&M of the Canal System for almost 50 years and its staff is intimately famil-iar with the system. CCWD ownership of the Canal System would eliminate much of this duplicative consultation. CCWD now finds it is doing much of the same work Reclamation conducts in its oversight and review responsibilities. Third parties including local cities, Contra Costa County, local and re-gional agencies, including recreation partners, and utilities working within the Canal System rights-of-way all of whom would also benefit from remov-ing the additional layer of federal re-view and approval bureaucracy that in-creases costs and causes schedule delays. I understand that the other local partners have all expressed sup-port for this legislation. Title Transfer to CCWD would also relieve the United States of any risk of canal failure due to erosion or earth-quake. Ultimately, CCWD is seeking author-ization to transfer title to all Project Works associated with the Contra Costa Canal Unit. Construction of the Rock Slough Fish Screen was com-pleted by the Bureau of Reclamation in 2011, and the bill I am introducing today would direct the transfer of title of Rock Slough Fish Screen following a mutual agreement on the transfer be-tween CCWD and Reclamation. Contra Costa Water District (CCWD) operates three screened intakes in the Sacramento/San Joaquin Delta—Rock Slough, Old River and Middle River. CCWD owns the latter two; the US Bu-reau of Reclamation owns Rock Slough. Operations at all three intakes are covered by the biological opinions on the long-term operation of the Cen-tral Valley Project and the State Water Project (USFWS 2008 and NMFS 2009) as well as separate opinions ob-tained for the original Los Vaqueros Project and the Middle River Intake under Section 7 of the Endangered Spe-cies Act. The Central Valley Project Improve-ment Act (1992) and the Los Vaqueros Project Biological Opinions (BOs) re-quired the Rock Slough intake to be screened. BOs from USFWS and NMFS were obtained for construction and op-eration of the fish screen. A transfer of ownership of the Rock Slough intake and fish screen will not affect the ap-plicability of the various biological opinions that apply to the facility. The primary stakeholders involve recreation and include the East Bay Regional Park District (EBRPD), City of Antioch, and City of Walnut Creek. EBRPD operates recreation facilities along the Contra Costa Canal (trails) and at the Contra Loma Reservoir. CCWD and EBRPD executed a Memo-randum of Understanding (MOU) in De-cember 2017 that commits both agen-cies to work together to obtain author-ization from Congress for title transfer of the Project Works to CCWD. The City of Antioch and Walnut Creek operate a Sports Complex and trails, respectively, under management agreements with Reclamation. The management agreements would be amended and assigned to CCWD, and CCWD will provide for the continuation of recreation at these facilities by the cities. The City of Concord and the EBRPD have expressed interest in the Clayton Canal. The Clayton Canal traverses the former Concord Naval Weapons Station which is being developed to support ci-vilian uses by the City of Concord. EBRPD is also developing a regional park and conservation area within the former Naval Station property. The Clayton Canal is no longer used by CCWD and title transfer would support the efficient disposal of the facility. In summary, Mr. President, I believe title transfer is a sensible measure that will reduce flood and public safety risk by facilitating the conversion of the current earthen canal to a closed pipe-line. Title transfer will also improve administrative efficiencies on the oper-ation of the canal, and reduce the ad-ministrative burden on the federal gov-ernment. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Thank you, Mr. President, and I yield the floor. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 535—RE-AFFIRMING THE UNITED STATES COMMITMENT TO THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZA-TION Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 535 Whereas the United States, Canada, Bel-gium, Denmark, France, Iceland, Italy, Lux-emburg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, and the United Kingdom in 1949 signed the North Atlantic Treaty, which led to the foundation of the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization (NATO); Whereas NATO was created to deter Soviet expansionism, promote international peace, stability, and security, and prevent the re-emergence of nationalist militarism in Eu-rope through a strong North American pres-ence and a closer trans-Atlantic alliance; Whereas, since the formation of NATO, the alliance has expanded to 29 members, with others still aspiring to join; Whereas NATO is a vital component of the United States-led post-World War II inter-national order that has made the world safer and more prosperous; Whereas the aid and security umbrella the United States provided through NATO after World War II helped restore political sta-bility and enabled an economic resurgence in Western Europe; Whereas, during the Cold War, NATO helped unify the Western alliance and suc-cessfully deter Soviet threats; Whereas NATO conducted its first major crisis response operation in Bosnia and Herzegovina, resulting in the Dayton Peace Accords and facilitating the country’s recon-struction in the wake of the 1992–1995 war; Whereas NATO contributed to the ces-sation of the 1998–1999 Kosovo conflict through security, stabilization, and humani-tarian efforts; Whereas NATO has served as an essential element of United States national security and a deterrent against external threats for 69 years; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.021 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3038 June 6, 2018 
Whereas Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty is an integral part of NATO and states that ‘‘[t]he Parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be considered an attack against them all’’; Whereas the first and only time to date NATO invoked Article 5 was less than 24 hours after the terrorist attacks against the United States on September 11, 2001; Whereas NATO allies and partners, includ-ing NATO aspirant countries Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, Macedonia, and Ukraine, joined in assuring the security of the United States and the international com-munity by serving alongside United States forces in Afghanistan since 2001; Whereas more than 1,100 NATO ally and partner military personnel in Afghanistan have lost their lives, and thousands have been injured in service to the collective de-fense guarantee of NATO; Whereas multiple NATO members partici-pated in the coalition against ISIS by pro-viding either military or humanitarian as-sistance; Whereas, in the face of a burgeoning vacu-um in global leadership, Russia is aggres-sively testing Western democracies, includ-ing through ongoing malicious cyber war ca-pabilities; Whereas Russia continues to challenge NATO, including by— (1) deploying cruise missiles, violating the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces treaty; (2) executing a suspected poisonous gas at-tack against Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia within the borders of the United King-dom; (3) occupying with military forces the sov-ereign territory of the European nations of Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova; (4) waging cyberattacks against the United States and Europe, especially the Baltics, in an effort to undermine democracy and de-fraud national elections; (5) conducting the largest iteration ever of the Zapad, an annual military exercise, in Belarus with an estimated 60,000 to 70,000 troops in an excessive show of military force close to NATO borders and in violation of the 2011 Vienna Document; (6) forcing Latvia, a NATO member, to close down its commercial airspace due to ongoing Russian military drills in the Baltic Sea; (7) flying two Russian bombers within 30 miles of United Kingdom airspace; and (8) flying Russian aircraft more than 110 times above or near the Baltic Sea in a marked increase since its annexation of Cri-mea, including flying a Russian jet within five feet of a United States reconnaissance plane flying in international airspace; Whereas the Government of Russia has continuously propped up President of Syria Bashar al-Assad and supported atrocities in Syria, including the use of violence and ille-gal chemical weapons against civilians, re-sulting in the deaths of more than 400,000 Syrians and the displacement of 10,000,000 others during Syria’s seven year civil war; Whereas the displacement of millions of Syrians has contributed to the worst mi-grant and refugee crisis since World War II, with many Syrian refugees undertaking per-ilous journeys to escape war and resettle in territories of NATO allies; Whereas, during the presidency of Barack Obama, NATO deployed greater resources and personnel to its eastern members in re-sponse to and to deter further Russian ag-gression; Whereas President Donald J. Trump has caused disquieting fissures in the trans-At-lantic alliance, undermining faith in institu-tions and policies that comprise the post- World War II international order; Whereas President Trump’s wavering and inconsistent statements about NATO have resulted in alliance members questioning the commitment of the United States to the alli-ance rather than focusing on the multitude of threats NATO faces on both sides of the Atlantic; Whereas, during the campaign for the United States presidency, then-candidate Trump repeatedly referred to the NATO alli-ance as ‘‘obsolete’’; Whereas candidate Trump on July 20, 2016, also said if Russia attacked Baltic NATO members, he would only offer support—a key tenet of the NATO charter—after reviewing if those nations had ‘‘fulfilled their obliga-tions to us’’; Whereas, the next day, John Bolton said of the jarring comment, ‘‘I hope that Donald Trump retracts it.’’; Whereas President Trump subverted allied interests and flouted intelligence norms by reportedly revealing highly classified infor-mation to Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on May 10, 2017, in the Oval Office of the White House; Whereas, during the 2017 NATO summit, President Trump alarmed allies by failing to commit publicly to honoring Article 5 if a United States ally is attacked; Whereas President Trump’s misguided withdrawal from the Paris Climate Agree-ment puts the United States at odds with every other country on earth and ignores the climate change-related national security risks highlighted in a 2017 NATO report; Whereas President Trump imposed unilat-eral import tariffs on European steel and aluminum, further straining trans-Atlantic trade relations while possibly placing the United States in violation of World Trade Organization rules; Whereas President Trump has acted anti-thetically to the NATO alliance by seem-ingly ignoring and dismissing malign Rus-sian actions against the United States and its allies; Whereas the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, China, Germany, and Iran finalized the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) on July 14, 2015, to end Iran’s nuclear weapons program; Whereas Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford stated on September 26, 2017, that the United States intelligence community assessment was that Iran was in compliance with the agreement; Whereas Secretary of Defense James Mattis stated, under oath before Congress on October 3, 2017, that the JCPOA is in Amer-ica’s national security interest and the United States should consider remaining party to the agreement; Whereas the head of United States Central Command, Joseph Votel, stated on March 13, 2018, that the JCPOA addresses one of the principal threats we face from Iran and it is in America’s best interest to remain a party to the agreement; Whereas the then-Central Intelligence Agency Director and Secretary of State nominee Mike Pompeo stated on April 12, 2018, that there was no evidence of Iranian noncompliance with the agreement; Whereas, despite these statements, over-whelming evidence, and the appeals from several NATO allies, President Trump rein-stated sanctions on the Government of Iran and unilaterally withdrew the United States from the JCPOA on May 8, 2018; Whereas the ill-advised withdrawal of the United States from the JCPOA and ensuing threats of related sanctions against its NATO allies immediately sowed further dis-cord in the trans-Atlantic relationship and created an exploitable crack in the armor of the greatest military alliance in the world by eroding the trust of NATO member coun-tries in the United States; Whereas the leaders of France, Germany, and the United Kingdom issued a joint state-ment on May 8, 2018, expressing regret about the United States decision, further damaging the alliance and plunging the global order into crisis; Whereas European Council President Don-ald Tusk on May 16, 2018, rebuked President Trump for deteriorating relations between the United States and European allies, stat-ing the European Union is no longer under any illusions that the United States is a trustworthy friend; Whereas hostile nations will seek to ex-ploit the strained relationship between the United States and its NATO allies, specifi-cally bolstering Russia’s multifaceted strat-egy of fraying the relationships between NATO allies for its own benefit; and Whereas alliance leaders will come to-gether July 11–12, 2018, in Brussels for a sum-mit to further strengthen trans-Atlantic unity and delineate strategies to respond to evolving Russian threats: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) reaffirms the long-standing and stead-fast commitment of the United States to the NATO alliance, including Article V of the North Atlantic Treaty; (2) recognizes that NATO continues to meet emerging and contemporary threats to the United States and its allies, and serves as a critical deterrent to Russia’s desta-bilizing activities, including through innova-tion such as the creation of a Cyber Oper-ations Center and collective action such as the Enhanced Forward Presence mission; (3) encourages the United States Govern-ment to accept the recommendation of our NATO allies to combat jointly Russian cyber warfare; (4) honors the men and women who have served under NATO and promoted peace, se-curity, and international cooperation since 1949; (5) encourages Congress to promote the NATO alliance and trans-Atlantic ties when-ever possible; (6) urges President Trump to unequivocally and definitively reaffirm the United States’ commitment to the trans-Atlantic alliance and to counter Russian aggression, espe-cially at the July NATO summit in Brussels; and (7) reaffirms the critical importance and security mission of NATO to the United States, its allies, and the trans-Atlantic partnership. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 536—TO AU-THORIZE DOCUMENT PRODUC-TION BY THE SELECT COM-MITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 536 Whereas, the United States Department of Justice has requested that the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence provide it with records in connection with a pending inves-tigation arising out of allegations of the un-authorized disclosure of information; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may, by the judicial or administrative proc-ess, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3039 June 6, 2018 
Whereas, when it appears that evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may promote the administration of justice, the Senate will take such action as will promote the ends of justice consistent with the privileges of the Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, acting jointly, are author-ized to provide to the United States Depart-ment of Justice copies of Committee records sought in connection with a pending inves-tigation arising out of allegations of the un-authorized disclosure of information, except concerning matters for which a privilege should be asserted. f 
AUTHORIZATION FOR DOCUMEN-TARY PRODUCTION BY SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Select Committee on Intelligence has received a request from the Depart-ment of Justice for records pertinent to a pending investigation arising out of allegations of the unauthorized dis-closure of information by a former em-ployee of the Committee. This resolution would authorize the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, act-ing jointly, to provide records in re-sponse to this request from the Depart-ment of Justice. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2275. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2276. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. E NZI) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2277. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2278. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2279. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2280. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2281. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2282. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2283. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2284. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2285. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2286. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. SCHATZ , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. B OOKER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2287. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2288. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2289. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2290. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. R EED, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. G ARDNER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2291. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2292. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2293. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2294. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2295. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2296. Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , and Mr. L ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2297. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2298. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2299. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2300. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2301. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2302. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2303. Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Mr. HELLER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2304. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2305. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2306. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2307. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2308. Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2309. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2310. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2311. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. F
ISCHER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2312. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2313. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mrs. F
ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2314. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Mr. J ONES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2315. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2316. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2317. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. C ORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.046 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3040 June 6, 2018 
SA 2318. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2319. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2320. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2321. Mr. COTTON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2322. Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2323. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2324. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2325. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2326. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2327. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2328. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2329. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2330. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2331. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2332. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2333. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2334. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2335. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2336. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2337. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2338. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2339. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2340. Ms. SMITH (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. R UBIO, and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2341. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2342. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2343. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2344. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2345. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2346. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2347. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2348. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2349. Mr. McCONNELL (for Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 88, to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Cross-roads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other pur-poses. SA 2350. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2351. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2352. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2353. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2354. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2355. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2356. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2357. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2358. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mrs. E RNST ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2359. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2360. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2361. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2362. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2363. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2364. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. K
ENNEDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.027 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3041 June 6, 2018 
SA 2365. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2366. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , and Mr. C RUZ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2367. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. H ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2368. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2369. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2370. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2275. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. TIER 1 EXERCISE OF SUPPORT TO CIVIL AUTHORITIES FOR A CYBER INCIDENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commander of the United States Cyber Command, the Com-mander of United States Northern Com-mand, and such other commands or compo-nents of the Department of Defense as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate, shall, consistent with the recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States in the Government Account-ability Office report GAO–16–574, conduct a tier 1 exercise of support to civil authorities for a cyber incident. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The exercise required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Department level leadership and deci-sion-making for providing cyber support to civil authorities. (2) Testing of the policy, guidance, doc-trine and other elements in the Department of Defense Cyber Incident Coordinating Pro-cedure. (3) Operational planning and execution by the Joint Staff and supported and supporting combatant commands. (4) Coordination with, and incorporation of, as appropriate, the Department of Home-land Security, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, and elements across Federal and State governments and the private sector. 
SA 2276. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. E NZI) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 1254 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1254. REPORT ON PERMANENT STATIONING OF UNITED STATES FORCES IN THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of permanently stationing United States forces in the Republic of Poland. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the types of perma-nently stationed United States forces in Po-land required to deter aggression by the Rus-sian Federation and execute Department of Defense contingency plans, including combat enabler units in capability areas such as— (A) combat engineering; (B) logistics and sustainment; (C) warfighting headquarters elements; (D) long-range fires; (E) air and missile defense; (F) intelligence, surveillance, and recon-naissance; and (G) electronic warfare. (2) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-visability of permanently stationing a United States Army brigade combat team in the Republic of Poland that includes the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment whether a permanently stationed United States Army brigade com-bat team in Poland would enhance deter-rence against Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. (B) An assessment of the actions the Rus-sian Federation may take in response to a United States decision to permanently sta-tion a brigade combat team in Poland. (C) An assessment of the international po-litical considerations of permanently sta-tioning such a brigade combat team in Po-land, including within the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). (D) An assessment whether a such a bri-gade combat team in Poland would support implementation of the National Defense Strategy. (E) A description and assessment of the manner in which such a brigade combat team in Poland would affect the ability of the Joint Force to execute Department of Defense contingency plans in Europe. (F) A description and assessment of the manner in which such a brigade combat team in Poland would affect the ability of the Joint Force to respond to a crisis inside the territory of a North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization ally that occurs prior to the invo-cation of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty by the North Atlantic Council. (G) An identification and assessment of— (i) potential locations in Poland for sta-tioning such a brigade combat team; (ii) the logistics requirements, including force enablers, equipment, supplies, storage, and maintenance, that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Po-land; (iii) infrastructure investments by the United States and Poland, including new construction or upgrades of existing sites, that would be required to support such a bri-gade combat team in Poland; (iv) any new agreements, or changes to ex-isting agreements, between the United States and Poland that would be required for a such a brigade combat team in Poland; (v) any changes to the posture or capabili-ties of the Joint Force in Europe that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Poland; and (vi) the timeline required to achieve the permanent stationing of such a brigade com-bat team in Poland. (H) An assessment of the willingness and ability of the Government of Poland to pro-vide host nation support for such a brigade combat team. (I) An assessment whether future growth in United States Army end strength may be used to source additional forces for such a brigade combat team in Poland. (c) FORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 2277. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 142, line 18, strike ‘‘separate’’. 
SA 2278. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. COORDINATION OF EFFORTS TO NEGO-TIATE FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN SUB-SAHARAN AFRI-CAN COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chief Executive Offi-cer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation shall consult and coordinate with the United States Trade Representative and the Admin-istrator of the United States Agency for International Development with respect to countries described in subsection (b) for the purpose of developing and carrying out the plan required by section 116(b) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723(b)). (b) C
OUNTRIES DESCRIBED .—A country is de-scribed in this paragraph if the country— (1) is identified under section 110(b)(1) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–27; 19 U.S.C. 3705 note); and (2)(A) has entered into a Millennium Chal-lenge Compact pursuant to section 609 of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7708); or (B) is selected by the Board of Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation under subsection (c) of section 607 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 7706) from among the countries deter-mined to be eligible countries under sub-section (a) of that section. 
SA 2279. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.029 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3042 June 6, 2018 
appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. IMPROVED PROTECTION OF CERTAIN FACILITIES AND ASSETS FROM UN-MANNED AIRCRAFT. 
Section 130i(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and the operator controller device of the un-manned aircraft’’ before ‘‘, without’’; and (2) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding non-attributable, non-kinetic force,’’ after ‘‘force’’. 
SA 2280. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At appropriate place, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. TREATMENT OF LEASES OF NON-EX-CESS PROPERTY ENTERED INTO WITH INSURED DEPOSITORY INSTI-TUTIONS. 
Section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘amount that’’ and inserting ‘‘amount that, except as provided in subsection (c)(4),’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4)(A) In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘insured credit union’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752); and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘insured depository institu-tion’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). ‘‘(B) With respect to a lease under this sec-tion entered into with an insured depository institution or any insured credit union after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary concerned shall accept the fi-nancial services provided by the insured de-pository institution or the credit union, as applicable, to members of the armed forces, civilian employees of the Department of De-fense, and dependents of such members or employees as sufficient in-kind consider-ation to cover all lease, services, and utili-ties costs assessed with regard to the leased property. ‘‘(C) With respect to a lease under this sec-tion that was entered into with an insured depository institution or credit union before the date of the enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary concerned may renegotiate the terms of the lease to apply subparagraph (A) to the lease as if such subparagraph was in effect at the time the Secretary entered into the lease.’’. 
SA 2281. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 340. REDESIGNATION OF THE UTAH TEST AND TRAINING RANGE AS THE ORRIN G. HATCH TEST AND TRAIN-ING RANGE. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR) located in north-western Utah and eastern Nevada is hereby redesignated as the ‘‘Orrin G. Hatch Test and Training Range’’, effective as of January 1, 2019. (b) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, regulation, document, record, map, elec-tronic format, or other paper of the United States to the Utah Test and Training Range shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Orrin G. Hatch Test and Training Range’’. 
SA 2282. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John S. McCain National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in this or any other Act to the ‘‘National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into four divisions as follows: (1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-thorizations. (2) Division B—Military Construction Au-thorizations. (3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-tional Security Authorizations and Other Authorizations. (4) Division D—Funding Tables. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents. Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Army Programs Sec. 111. Deployment by the Army of an in-terim cruise missile defense ca-pability. Subtitle C—Navy Programs Sec. 121. Multiyear procurement authority for F/A–18E/F Super Hornet and EA–18G aircraft program. Sec. 122. Multiyear procurement authority for E–2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) aircraft program. Sec. 123. Extension of limitation on use of sole-source shipbuilding con-tracts for certain vessels. Sec. 124. Prohibition on availability of funds for Navy port waterborne secu-rity barriers. Sec. 125. Multiyear procurement authority for Standard Missile-6. Sec. 126. Limitation on availability of funds for the Littoral Combat Ship. Sec. 127. Nuclear refueling of aircraft car-riers. Sec. 128. Limitation on funding for Amphib-ious Assault Vehicle Product Improvement Program. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs Sec. 141. Prohibition on availability of funds for retirement of E–8 JSTARS aircraft. Sec. 142. B–52H aircraft system moderniza-tion report. Sec. 143. Repeal of funding restriction for EC–130H Compass Call Recapi-talization Program and review of program acceleration oppor-tunities. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters Sec. 151. Multiyear procurement authority for C–130J aircraft program. Sec. 152. Quarterly updates on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Sec. 153. Authority to procure additional polar-class icebreakers. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 211. Codification and reauthorization of Defense Research and Develop-ment Rapid Innovation Pro-gram. Sec. 212. Procedures for rapid reaction to emerging technology. Sec. 213. Activities on identification and de-velopment of enhanced personal protective equipment against blast injury. Sec. 214. Human factors modeling and sim-ulation activities. Sec. 215. Expansion of mission areas sup-ported by mechanisms for expe-dited access to technical talent and expertise at academic insti-tutions. Sec. 216. Advanced manufacturing activi-ties. Sec. 217. National security innovation ac-tivities. Sec. 218. Partnership intermediaries for pro-motion of defense research and education. Sec. 219. Limitation on use of funds for Sur-face Navy Laser Weapon Sys-tem. Sec. 220. Expansion of coordination require-ment for support for national security innovation and entre-preneurial education. Sec. 221. Limitation on funding for Amphib-ious Combat Vehicle 1.2. Sec. 222. Defense quantum information science and technology re-search and development pro-gram. Sec. 223. Joint directed energy test activi-ties. Sec. 224. Requirement for establishment of arrangements for expedited ac-cess to technical talent and ex-pertise at academic institutions to support Department of De-fense missions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.031 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3043 June 6, 2018 
Sec. 225. Authority for Joint Directed En-ergy Transition Office to con-duct research relating to high powered microwave capabili-ties. Sec. 226. Joint artificial intelligence re-search, development, and tran-sition activities. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 231. Report on comparative capabilities of adversaries in key tech-nology areas. Sec. 232. Report on active protection sys-tems for armored combat and tactical vehicles. Sec. 233. Next Generation Combat Vehicle. Sec. 234. Report on the future of the defense research and engineering enter-prise. Sec. 235. Modification of reports on mecha-nisms to provide funds to de-fense laboratories for research and development of tech-nologies for military missions. Sec. 236. Report on Mobile Protected Fire-power and Future Vertical Lift. Sec. 237. Improvement of the Air Force sup-ply chain. Sec. 238. Review of guidance on blast expo-sure during training. Sec. 239. List of technologies and manufac-turing capabilities critical to Armed Forces. Sec. 240. Report on requiring access to dig-ital technical data in future ac-quisitions of combat, combat service, and combat support systems. Sec. 241. Competitive acquisition strategy for Bradley Fighting Vehicle transmission replacement. Sec. 242. Independent assessment of elec-tronic warfare plans and pro-grams. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment Sec. 311. Further improvements to energy security and resilience. Sec. 312. Funding of study and assessment of health implications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances con-tamination in drinking water by Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. Sec. 313. Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse. Sec. 314. Operational energy policy. Sec. 315. Funding treatment of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid at State-owned and operated Na-tional Guard installations. Subtitle C—Reports Sec. 321. Reports on readiness. Sec. 322. Report on cold weather capabilities and readiness of United States Armed Forces. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 331. Pilot programs on integration of military information support and civil affairs activities. Sec. 332. Reporting on future years budg-eting by subactivity group. Sec. 333. Restriction on upgrades to aviation demonstration team aircraft. Sec. 334. U.S. Special Operations Command civilian personnel. Sec. 335. Limitation on availability of funds for service-specific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems. Sec. 336. Repurposing and reuse of surplus Army firearms. Sec. 337. Limitation on availability of funds for establishment of additional specialized undergraduate pilot training facility. Sec. 338. Scope of authority for restoration of land due to mishap. Sec. 339. Redesignation of the Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR). Subtitle E—Logistics and Sustainment Sec. 351. Limitation on modifications to Navy Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization (FSRM) structure and mecha-nism. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. Sec. 402. End strengths for commissioned of-ficers on active duty in certain grades. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. Sec. 412. End strengths for Reserves on ac-tive duty in support of the re-serves. Sec. 413. End strengths for military techni-cians (dual status). Sec. 414. Maximum number of reserve per-sonnel authorized to be on ac-tive duty for operational sup-port. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 421. Military personnel. Sec. 422. Limitation on use of funds for per-sonnel in fiscal year 2019 in ex-cess of statutorily specified end strengths for fiscal year 2018. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy PART I—O
FFICER PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  R
EFORM  Sec. 501. Repeal of codified specification of authorized strengths of certain commissioned officers on active duty. Sec. 502. Annual defense manpower require-ments report matters. Sec. 503. Repeal of requirement for ability to complete 20 years of service by age 62 as qualification for original appointment as a reg-ular commissioned officer. Sec. 504. Enhancement of availability of constructive service credit for private sector training or expe-rience upon original appoint-ment as a commissioned officer. Sec. 505. Standardized temporary promotion authority across the military departments for officers in cer-tain grades with critical skills. Sec. 506. Authority for promotion boards to recommend officers of par-ticular merit be placed higher on a promotion list. Sec. 507. Authority for officers to opt out of promotion board consideration. Sec. 508. Competitive category matters. Sec. 509. Promotion zone matters. Sec. 510. Alternative promotion authority for officers in designated com-petitive categories of officers. Sec. 511. Applicability to additional officer grades of authority for continu-ation on active duty of officers in certain military specialties and career tracks. PART II—O
THER MATTERS  Sec. 516. Matters relating to satisfactory service in grade for purposes of retirement grade of officers in highest grade of satisfactory service. Sec. 517. Reduction in number of years of ac-tive naval service required for permanent appointment as a limited duty officer. Sec. 518. Repeal of original appointment qualification requirement for warrant officers in the regular Army. Sec. 519. Uniform grade of service of the Chiefs of Chaplains of the Armed Forces. Sec. 520. Written justification for appoint-ment of Chiefs of Chaplains in grade below grade of major gen-eral or rear admiral. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management Sec. 521. Authority to adjust effective date of promotion in the event of undue delay in extending Fed-eral recognition of promotion. Sec. 522. Authority to designate certain re-serve officers as not to be con-sidered for selection for pro-motion. Sec. 523. Expansion of personnel subject to authority of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau in the execution of functions and mis-sions of the National Guard Bu-reau. Sec. 524. Repeal of prohibition on service on Army Reserve Forces Policy Committee by members on ac-tive duty. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities Sec. 531. Assessment of Navy standard work-week and related adjustments. Sec. 532. Manning of Forward Deployed Naval Forces. Sec. 533. Navy watchstander records. Sec. 534. Qualification experience require-ments for certain Navy watchstations. Sec. 535. Repeal of 15-year statute of limita-tions on motions or requests for review of discharge or dismissal from the Armed Forces. Sec. 536. Treatment of claims relating to military sexual trauma in cor-rection of military records and review of discharge or dismissal proceedings. Subtitle D—Military Justice Matters Sec. 541. Punitive article on domestic vio-lence under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 542. Inclusion of strangulation and suf-focation in conduct consti-tuting aggravated assault for purposes of the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 543. Authorities of Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces. Sec. 544. Protective orders against individ-uals subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 545. Expansion of eligibility for Special Victims’ Counsel services. Sec. 546. Clarification of expiration of term of appellate military judges of the United States Court of Mili-tary Commission Review. Sec. 547. Expansion of policies on expedited transfer of members of the Armed Forces who are victims of sexual assault. Sec. 548. Uniform command action form on disposition of unrestricted sex-ual assault cases involving members of the Armed Forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3044 June 6, 2018 
Sec. 549. Inclusion of information on certain collateral conduct of victims of sexual assault in annual reports on sexual assault involving members of the Armed Forces. Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, Transition, and Resilience Sec. 551. Consecutive service of service obli-gation in connection with pay-ment of tuition for off-duty training or education for com-missioned officers of the Armed Forces with any other service obligations. Sec. 552. Consecutive service of active serv-ice obligations for medical training with other service ob-ligations for education or train-ing. Sec. 553. Clarification of application and honorable service requirements under the Troops-to-Teachers Program to members of the Re-tired Reserve. Sec. 554. Prohibition on use of funds for at-tendance of enlisted personnel at senior level and intermediate level officer professional mili-tary education courses. Sec. 555. Repeal of program on encourage-ment of postseparation public and community service. Sec. 556. Expansion of authority to assist members in obtaining profes-sional credentials. Sec. 557. Enhancement of authorities in con-nection with Junior Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps pro-grams. Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters PART I—D
EFENSE DEPENDENTS ’ EDUCATION  M
ATTERS  Sec. 561. Continuation of authority to assist local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and De-partment of Defense civilian employees. Sec. 562. Impact aid for children with severe disabilities. Sec. 563. Department of Defense Education Activity policies and proce-dures on sexual harassment of students of Activity schools. PART II—M
ILITARY FAMILY READINESS  M
ATTERS  Sec. 566. Improvement of authority to con-duct family support programs for immediate family members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. Sec. 567. Expansion of period of availability of Military OneSource program for retired and discharged mem-bers of the Armed Forces and their immediate families. Sec. 568. Expansion of authority for non-competitive appointments of military spouses by Federal agencies. Sec. 569. Improvement of My Career Ad-vancement Account program for military spouses. Sec. 570. Access to military installations for certain surviving spouses and other next of kin of members of the Armed Forces who die while on active duty or certain re-serve duty. Sec. 571. Department of Defense Military Family Readiness Council mat-ters. Sec. 572. Multidisciplinary teams for mili-tary installations on child abuse and other domestic vio-lence. Sec. 573. Provisional or interim clearances to provide childcare services at military childcare centers. Sec. 574. Pilot program on prevention of child abuse and training on safe childcare practices among mili-tary families. Sec. 575. Pilot program on participation of military spouses in Transition Assistance Program activities. Sec. 576. Small business activities of mili-tary spouses on military instal-lations in the United States. Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards Sec. 581. Authorization for award of the Dis-tinguished Service Cross for Justin T. Gallegos for acts of valor during Operation Endur-ing Freedom. Sec. 582. Award of medals or other com-mendations to handlers of mili-tary working dogs. Subtitle H—Other Matters Sec. 591. Authority to award damaged per-sonal protective equipment to members separating from the Armed Forces and veterans as mementos of military service. Sec. 592. Standardization of frequency of academy visits of the Air Force Academy Board of Visitors with academy visits of boards of other military service acad-emies. Sec. 593. Redesignation of the Commandant of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology as the President of the United States Air Force Institute of Tech-nology. Sec. 594. Limitation on justifications en-tered by military recruiters for enlistment or accession of indi-viduals into the Armed Forces. Sec. 595. National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service matters. Sec. 596. Burial of unclaimed remains of in-mates at the United States Dis-ciplinary Barracks Cemetery, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Sec. 597. Space-available travel on Depart-ment of Defense aircraft for veterans with service-connected disabilities rated as total. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Sec. 601. Fiscal year 2019 increase in mili-tary basic pay. Sec. 602. Repeal of authority for payment of personal money allowances to Navy officers serving in certain positions. Sec. 603. Department of Defense proposal for a pay table for members of the Armed Forces using steps in grade based on time in grade rather than time in service. Sec. 604. Financial support for lessors under the Military Housing Privatiza-tion Initiative during 2019. Sec. 605. Modification of authority of Presi-dent to determine alternative pay adjustment in annual basic pay of members of the uni-formed services. Sec. 606. Eligibility of reserve component members for high-deployment allowance for lengthy or nu-merous deployments and fre-quent mobilizations. Sec. 607. Eligibility of reserve component members for nonreduction in pay while serving in the uni-formed services or National Guard. Sec. 608. Temporary adjustment in rate of basic allowance for housing fol-lowing identification of signifi-cant underdetermination of ci-vilian housing costs for housing areas. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain ex-piring bonus and special pay authorities. Subtitle C—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits Sec. 621. Technical corrections in calcula-tion and publication of special survivor indemnity allowance cost of living adjustments. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 631. Rates of per diem for long-term temporary duty assignments. Sec. 632. Prohibition on per diem allowance reductions based on the dura-tion of temporary duty assign-ment or civilian travel. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits Sec. 701. Consolidation of cost-sharing re-quirements under TRICARE Se-lect and TRICARE Prime. Sec. 702. Administration of TRICARE dental plans through the Federal Em-ployees Dental Insurance Pro-gram. Sec. 703. Contraception coverage parity under the TRICARE program. Sec. 704. Pilot program on opioid manage-ment in the military health system. Sec. 705. Pilot program on treatment of members of the Armed Forces for post-traumatic stress dis-order related to military sexual trauma. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration Sec. 711. Improvement of administration of Defense Health Agency and military medical treatment fa-cilities. Sec. 712. Organizational framework of the military healthcare system to support medical requirements of the combatant commands. Sec. 713. Streamlining of TRICARE Prime beneficiary referral process. Sec. 714. Sharing of information with State prescription drug monitoring programs. Sec. 715. Improvement of reimbursement by Department of Defense of enti-ties carrying out State vaccina-tion programs in connection with vaccines provided to cov-ered beneficiaries under the TRICARE Program. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 721. Extension of authority for Joint 
Department of Defense-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Med-ical Facility Demonstration Fund. Sec. 722. Increase in number of appointed members of the Henry M. Jack-son Foundation for the Ad-vancement of Military Medi-cine. Sec. 723. Cessation of requirement for men-tal health assessment of mem-bers after redeployment from a contingency operation upon discharge or release from the Armed Forces. Sec. 724. Pilot program on earning by spe-cial operations forces medics of credits towards a physician as-sistant degree. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3045 June 6, 2018 
Sec. 725. Pilot program on partnerships with civilian organizations for spe-cialized medical training. Sec. 726. Registry of individuals exposed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl sub-stances on military installa-tions. Sec. 727. Inclusion of gambling disorder in health assessments for mem-bers of the Armed Forces and related research efforts. Sec. 728. Comptroller General review of De-fense Health Agency oversight of TRICARE managed care sup-port contractors. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-QUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RE-LATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management Sec. 801. Permanent Supply Chain Risk Management Authority. Sec. 802. Commercially available market re-search. Sec. 803. Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs and re-lated initiatives. Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Lim-itations Sec. 811. Department of Defense contracting dispute matters. Sec. 812. Continuation of technical data rights during challenges. Sec. 813. Increased micro-purchase thresh-old. Sec. 814. Modification of limitations on sin-gle source task or delivery order contracts. Sec. 815. Preliminary cost analysis require-ment for exercise of multiyear contract authority. Sec. 816. Inclusion of best available informa-tion regarding past perform-ance of subcontractors and joint venture partners. Sec. 817. Modification of criteria for waivers of requirement for certified cost and price data. Sec. 818. Subcontracting price and approved purchasing systems. Sec. 819. Comptroller General of the United States report on progress pay-ment financing of Department of Defense contracts. Sec. 820. Authorization to limit foreign ac-cess to technology through con-tracts. Sec. 821. Briefing requirement on services contracts. Sec. 822. Sense of Congress on awarding of contracts to responsible compa-nies that primarily employ American workers and do not actively transfer American jobs to potential adversaries. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs Sec. 831. Program cost, fielding, and per-formance goals in planning major acquisition programs. Sec. 832. Implementation of recommenda-tions of the Independent Study on Consideration of Sustainment in Weapons Sys-tems Life Cycle. Sec. 833. Pilot program to accelerate major weapons system programs. Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Acquisition Workforce Sec. 841. Permanent authority for dem-onstration projects relating to acquisition personnel manage-ment policies and procedures. Sec. 842. Establishment of integrated review team on defense acquisition in-dustry-government exchange. Sec. 843. Exchange program for acquisition workforce employees. Subtitle E—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items Sec. 851. Report on commercial item pro-curement reform. Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters Sec. 861. National technology and industrial base application process. Sec. 862. Report on defense electronics in-dustrial base. Sec. 863. Support for defense manufacturing communities to support the de-fense industrial base. Subtitle G—Other Transactions Sec. 871. Change to notification requirement for other transactions. Sec. 872. Data and policy on the use of other transactions. Subtitle H—Development and Acquisition of Software Intensive and Digital Products and Services Sec. 881. Clarifications regarding propri-etary and technical data. Sec. 882. Implementation of recommenda-tions of the final report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Design and Acqui-sition of Software for Defense Systems. Sec. 883. Implementation of pilot program to use agile or iterative devel-opment methods required under section 873 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018. Sec. 884. Enabling and other activities of the Cloud Executive Steering Group. Subtitle I—Other Matters Sec. 891. Prohibition on certain tele-communications services or equipment. Sec. 892. Limitation on use of funds pending submittal of report on Army Marketing and Advertising Pro-gram. Sec. 893. Permanent SBIR and STTR author-ity for the Department of De-fense. Sec. 894. Procurement of telecommuni-cations supplies for experi-mental purposes. Sec. 895. Access by developmental and oper-ational testing activities to data regarding modeling and simulation activity. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters 
Sec. 901. Powers and duties of the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering in con-nection with priority emerging technologies. Sec. 902. Redesignation and modification of responsibilities of Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. Sec. 903. Modification of responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. Sec. 904. Report on allocation of former re-sponsibilities of the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisi-tion, Technology, and Logis-tics. Sec. 905. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, Assessments, Readiness, and Capabilities. Sec. 906. Clarification of responsibilities and duties of the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense. Sec. 907. Specification of certain duties of the Defense Technical Informa-tion Center. Sec. 908. Limitation on termination of, and transfer of functions, respon-sibilities, and activities of, the Strategic Capabilities Office. Sec. 909. Technical corrections to Depart-ment of Defense Test Resource Management Center authority. Subtitle B—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements Sec. 921. Modification of certain responsibil-ities of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force concept develop-ment. Sec. 922. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-In-tensity Conflict review of United States Special Oper-ations Command. Sec. 923. Qualifications for appointment as Deputy Chief Management Offi-cer of a military department. Sec. 924. Expansion of principal duties of As-sistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition. Sec. 925. Cross-functional teams in the De-partment of Defense. Sec. 926. Deadline for completion of full im-plementation of requirements in connection with organization of the Department of Defense for management of special oper-ations forces and special oper-ations. Subtitle C—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally Sec. 931. Limitation on availability of funds for major headquarters activi-ties of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 932. Responsibility for policy on civil-ian casualty matters. Sec. 933. Additional matters in connection with background and security investigations for Department of Defense personnel. Sec. 934. Program of expedited security clearances for mission-critical positions. Sec. 935. Information sharing program for positions of trust. Sec. 936. Report on clearance in person con-cept. Sec. 937. Strategic Defense Fellows Pro-gram. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 941. Analysis of Department of Defense business management and oper-ations datasets to promote sav-ings and efficiencies. Sec. 942. Research and development to ad-vance capabilities of the De-partment of Defense in data in-tegration and advanced ana-lytics in connection with per-sonnel security. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. Sec. 1002. Inclusion of funds for Air Force pass-through items in Defense- wide budget for the Department of Defense. Sec. 1003. Report on shift in requests for funds for Department of De-fense activities from funds for overseas contingency oper-ations to funds through the base budget. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3046 June 6, 2018 
Sec. 1004. Ranking of auditability of finan-cial statements of the organiza-tions and elements of the De-partment of Defense. Sec. 1005. Transparency of accounting firms used to support Department of Defense audit. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards Sec. 1011. Date of listing of vessels as battle force ships in the Naval Vessel Register and other fleet inven-tory measures. Sec. 1012. Annual reports on examination of Navy vessels. Sec. 1013. Limitation on duration of home-porting of certain vessels in for-eign locations. Sec. 1014. Specific authorization require-ment for nuclear refueling of aircraft carriers. Sec. 1015. Dismantlement and disposal of nu-clear-powered aircraft carriers. Sec. 1016. National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1017. Limitation on use of funds for re-tirement of hospital ships. Subtitle C—Counterterrorism Sec. 1021. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. Sec. 1022. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify fa-cilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1023. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to certain countries. Sec. 1024. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to close or relinquish con-trol of United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1025. Authority to transfer individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States temporarily for emergency or critical medical treatment. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations Sec. 1031. Strategic guidance documents within the Department of De-fense. Sec. 1032. Guidance on the electronic war-fare mission area and joint electromagnetic spectrum oper-ations. Sec. 1033. Limitation on use of funds for United States Special Oper-ations Command Global Mes-saging and Counter-Messaging platform. Sec. 1034. Sense of Congress on the basing of KC–46A aircraft outside the continental United States. Sec. 1035. Relinquishment of legislative ju-risdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles on military installations. Sec. 1036. Policy on response to juvenile-on- juvenile abuse committed on military installations. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports Sec. 1041. Report on highest-priority roles and missions of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces. Sec. 1042. Annual reports by the Armed Forces on Out-Year Uncon-strained Total Munitions Re-quirements and Out-Year in-ventory numbers. Sec. 1043. Comprehensive review of oper-ational and administrative chains-of-command and func-tions of the Department of the Navy. Sec. 1044. Military aviation readiness review in support of the National De-fense Strategy. Sec. 1045. Report on capabilities and capac-ities of Armored Brigade Com-bat Teams. Sec. 1046. Improvement of annual report on civilian casualties in connec-tion with United States mili-tary operations. Sec. 1047. Report on Department of Defense participation in Export Admin-istration Regulations license application review process. Sec. 1048. Automatic sunset for future statu-tory reporting requirements. Sec. 1049. Repeal of certain Department of Defense reporting requirements that otherwise terminate as of December 31, 2021. Sec. 1050. Report on potential improvements to certain military educational institutions of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1051. Recruiting costs of the Armed Forces. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1061. Authority to transfer funds for Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup. Sec. 1062. Improvement of database on emer-gency response capabilities. Sec. 1063. Acceptance and distribution by Department of Defense of as-sistance from certain nonprofit entities in support of missions of deployed United States per-sonnel around the world. Sec. 1064. United States policy with respect to freedom of navigation and overflight. Sec. 1065. Prohibition of funds for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Subtitle A—Department of Defense Matters Sec. 1101. Inapplicability of certification of executive qualifications by qualification review boards of Office of Personnel Manage-ment for initial appointments to Senior Executive Service po-sitions in Department of De-fense. Sec. 1102. Direct hire authority for science and technology reinvention lab-oratories and Major Range and Test Facilities Base facilities for recent science, technology, engineering, and mathematics graduates of minority-serving institutions. Sec. 1103. Inclusion of Strategic Capabilities Office and Defense Innovation Unit Experimental of the De-partment of Defense in per-sonnel management authority to attract experts in science and engineering. Sec. 1104. Enhancement of flexible manage-ment authorities for Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1105. Inclusion of Office of Secretary of Defense among components of the Department of Defense cov-ered by direct hire authority for financial management ex-perts. Sec. 1106. Authority to employ civilian fac-ulty members at the Joint Spe-cial Operations University. Subtitle B—Government-Wide Matters Sec. 1121. Alcohol testing of civil service mariners of the Military Sealift Command assigned to vessels. Sec. 1122. Expedited hiring authority for col-lege graduates and post sec-ondary students. Sec. 1123. Increase in maximum amount of voluntary separation incentive pay authorized for civilian em-ployees. Sec. 1124. One-year extension of temporary authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civil-ian personnel on official duty in a combat zone. Sec. 1125. One-year extension of authority to 
waive annual limitation on pre-mium pay and aggregate limi-tation on pay for Federal civil-ian employees working over-seas. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training Sec. 1201. Clarification of authority for use of advisors and trainers for training of personnel of foreign ministries with security mis-sions under defense institution capacity building authorities. Sec. 1202. Modification to Department of De-fense State Partnership Pro-gram. Sec. 1203. Expansion of Regional Defense Combating Terrorism Fellow-ship Program to include irreg-ular warfare. Sec. 1204. Extension and modification of au-thority to support border secu-rity operations of certain for-eign countries. Sec. 1205. Legal and policy review of advise, assist, and accompany mis-sions. Sec. 1206. Technical corrections relating to defense security cooperation statutory reorganization. Sec. 1207. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan Sec. 1211. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. Sec. 1212. Extension and modification of au-thority for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. Sec. 1213. Extension of authority to transfer defense articles and provide de-fense services to the military and security forces of Afghani-stan. Sec. 1214. Modification of reporting require-ments for special immigrant visas for Afghan allies program. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran Sec. 1221. Extension of authority to provide assistance to counter the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria. Sec. 1222. Extension and modification of au-thority to provide assistance to the vetted Syrian opposition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3047 June 6, 2018 
Sec. 1223. Extension and modification of au-thority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. Sec. 1224. Syria Study Group. Sec. 1225. Modification of annual report on military power of Iran. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Europe and the Russian Federation Sec. 1231. Extension of limitation on mili-tary cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federation. Sec. 1232. Limitation on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. Sec. 1233. Extension of Ukraine Security As-sistance Initiative. Sec. 1234. Sense of Senate on relocation of Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex. Sec. 1235. Sense of Senate on enhancing de-terrence against Russian ag-gression in Europe. Sec. 1236. Technical amendments related to NATO Support and Procure-ment Organization and related NATO agreements. Sec. 1237. Report on security cooperation be-tween the Russian Federation and Cuba, Nicaragua, and Ven-ezuela. Sec. 1238. Sense of Senate on countering Russian malign influence. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo- Pacific Region Sec. 1241. Redesignation, expansion, and ex-tension of Southeast Asia Mari-time Security Initiative. Sec. 1242. Modification of annual report on military and security develop-ments involving the People’s Republic of China. Sec. 1243. Sense of Senate on Taiwan. Sec. 1244. Redesignation and modification of sense of Congress and initiative for the Indo-Asia-Pacific re-gion. Sec. 1245. Prohibition on participation of the People’s Republic of China in Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercises. Sec. 1246. Assessment of and report on geo-political conditions in the Indo- Pacific region. Sec. 1247. Sense of Senate on United States- India defense relationship. Sec. 1248. Sense of Senate on strategic im-portance of maintaining com-mitments under Compacts of Free Association. Sec. 1249. Sense of Senate on United States military forces on the Korean Peninsula. Subtitle F—Reports Sec. 1251. Report on military and coercive activities of the People’s Re-public of China in South China Sea. Sec. 1252. Report on terrorist use of human shields. Sec. 1253. Report on Arctic strategies. Sec. 1254. Report on permanent stationing of a United States Army brigade combat team in the Republic of Poland. Sec. 1255. Reports on nuclear capabilities of the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea. Sec. 1256. Report on United States military training opportunities with al-lies and partners in the Indo- Pacific region. Subtitle G—Other Matters Sec. 1261. Modification of authorities relat-ing to acquisition and cross- servicing agreements. Sec. 1262. Extension of authority for trans-fer of amounts for Global En-gagement Center. Sec. 1263. Sense of Senate on purchase by Turkey of S–400 air defense sys-tem. Sec. 1264. Department of Defense support for stabilization activities in na-tional security interest of the United States. Sec. 1265. Enhancement of U.S.-Israel de-fense cooperation. Sec. 1266. Certifications regarding actions by Saudi Arabia in Yemen. Sec. 1267. Sense of Senate on support for G5 Sahel Joint Force countries. Sec. 1268. Sense of Congress on broadening and expanding strategic part-nerships and allies. Sec. 1269. Removal of Turkey from the F–35 program. Sec. 1270. Increase in minimum amount of obligations from the Special Defense Acquisition Fund for precision guided munitions. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION Sec. 1301. Specification of Cooperative Threat Reduction funds. Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. Sec. 1402. Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense. Sec. 1403. Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1404. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1405. Defense Health Program. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile Sec. 1411. Consolidation of reporting re-quirements under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. Subtitle C—Armed Forces Retirement Home Sec. 1421. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1422. Expansion of eligibility for resi-dence at the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home. Sec. 1423. Oversight of health care provided to residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1424. Modification of authority on ac-ceptance of gifts for the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1425. Relief for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home im-pacted by increase in fees. Sec. 1426. Limitation on applicability of fee increase for residents of the 
Armed Forces Retirement Home. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 1431. Authority for transfer of funds to joint Department of Defense- Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstra-tion Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illi-nois. Sec. 1432. Economical and efficient oper-ation of working capital fund activities. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorizations of Appropriations Sec. 1501. Purpose. Sec. 1502. Overseas contingency operations. Sec. 1503. Procurement. Sec. 1504. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 1505. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1506. Military personnel. Sec. 1507. Working capital funds. Sec. 1508. Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1509. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1510. Defense Health Program. Subtitle B—Financial Matters Sec. 1521. Treatment as additional author-izations. Sec. 1522. Special transfer authority. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 1531. Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities Sec. 1601. Modifications to Space Rapid Ca-pabilities Office. Sec. 1602. Space warfighting policy and re-view of space capabilities. Sec. 1603. Report on enhancements to the Global Positioning System Operational Control Segment. Sec. 1604. Streamline of commercial space launch operations. Sec. 1605. Reusable launch vehicles. Sec. 1606. Review of and report on activities of International Space Station. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-related Activities Sec. 1611. Framework on governance, mis-sion management, resourcing, and effective oversight of De-partment of Defense combat support agencies that are also elements of the intelligence community. Subtitle C—Cyberspace-related Matters PART I—CYBERSPACE GENERALLY  Sec. 1621. Policy of the United States on cyberspace, cybersecurity, cyber warfare, and cyber deter-rence. Sec. 1622. Affirming the authority of the Secretary of Defense to conduct military activities and oper-ations in cyberspace. Sec. 1623. Active defense and surveillance against Russian Federation at-tacks in cyberspace. Sec. 1624. Reorganization and consolidation of certain cyber provisions. Sec. 1625. Designation of official for matters relating to integrating cyberse-curity and industrial control systems within the Department of Defense. Sec. 1626. Assistance for small manufactur-ers in the defense industrial supply chain on matters relat-ing to cybersecurity. Sec. 1627. Modification of acquisition au-thority of the Commander of the United States Cyber Com-mand. Sec. 1628. Email and Internet website secu-rity and authentication. Sec. 1629. Matters pertaining to the Sharkseer cybersecurity pro-gram. Sec. 1630. Pilot program on modeling and simulation in support of mili-tary homeland defense oper-ations in connection with cyber attacks on critical infrastruc-ture. Sec. 1631. Security product integration framework. Sec. 1632. Report on enhancement of soft-ware security for critical sys-tems. Sec. 1633. Comply to connect and cybersecu-rity scorecard. Sec. 1634. Cyberspace Solarium Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3048 June 6, 2018 
Sec. 1635. Program to establish cyber insti-tutes at institutions of higher learning. Sec. 1636. Establishment of Cybersecurity for Defense Industrial Base Manufacturing Activity. PART II—M
ITIGATION OF RISKS POSED BY  P
ROVIDERS OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  W
ITH OBLIGATIONS TO FOREIGN GOVERN -
MENTS  Sec. 1637. Definitions. Sec. 1638. Identification of countries of con-cern regarding cybersecurity. Sec. 1639. Mitigation of risks to national se-curity posed by providers of in-formation technology products and services who have obliga-tions to foreign governments. Sec. 1640. Establishment of registry of dis-closures. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces Sec. 1641. Oversight and management of the command, control, and commu-nications system for the na-tional leadership of the United States. Sec. 1642. Modification to requirement for conventional long-range stand-off weapon. Sec. 1643. Exchange program for nuclear weapons program employees. Sec. 1644. Procurement authority for certain parts of intercontinental bal-listic missile fuzes. Sec. 1645. Plan to train officers in nuclear command, control, and commu-nications. Sec. 1646. Plan for alignment of acquisition of warhead life extension pro-grams and delivery vehicles for such warheads. Sec. 1647. Extension of annual report on plan for the nuclear weapons stock-pile, nuclear weapons complex, nuclear weapons delivery sys-tems, and nuclear weapons command and control system. Sec. 1648. Prohibition on use of funds for ac-tivities to modify United States aircraft to implement Open Skies Treaty. Sec. 1649. Sense of Senate on Nuclear Pos-ture Review. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs Sec. 1651. Extension of prohibition relating to missile defense information and systems. Sec. 1652. Multiyear procurement authority for Standard Missile–3 IB guid-ed missiles. Sec. 1653. Extension of requirement for re-ports on unfunded priorities of Missile Defense Agency. Sec. 1654. Iron Dome short-range rocket de-fense system and Israeli cooper-ative missile defense program co-development and co-produc-tion. Sec. 1655. Metrics for evaluating effective-ness of integrated Ballistic Mis-sile Defense System against operationally realistic ballistic missile attacks. Sec. 1656. Modification of requirement relat-ing to transition of ballistic missile defense programs to military departments. Sec. 1657. Sense of the Senate on accelera-tion of missile defense capabili-ties. Sec. 1658. Integrated air and missile defense for evolving theater missile threats. Sec. 1659. Acceleration of hypersonic missile defense program. Sec. 1660. Sense of the Senate on allied part-nerships for missile defense. Sec. 1660A. Sense of the Senate on results of tests carried out by Missile De-fense Agency. Sec. 1660B. Sense of the Senate on discrimi-nation for missile defense. Sec. 1660C. Development and deployment of persistent space-based sensor architecture. Sec. 1660D. Modification of requirement to develop a space-based ballistic missile intercept layer. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1661. Assessment of electronic warfare capabilities of Russia and China. Sec. 1662. Budget exhibit on support pro-vided to entities outside De-partment of Defense. Sec. 1663. Development of Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint electromagnetic oper-ations. TITLE XVII—COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES Sec. 1701. Short title. Sec. 1702. Sense of Congress. Sec. 1703. Definitions. Sec. 1704. Acceptance of written notices. Sec. 1705. Inclusion of partnership and side agreements in notice. Sec. 1706. Declarations for certain covered transactions. Sec. 1707. Stipulations regarding trans-actions. Sec. 1708. Authority for unilateral initiation of reviews. Sec. 1709. Timing for reviews and investiga-tions. Sec. 1710. Monitoring of non-notified and non-declared transactions. Sec. 1711. Submission of certifications to Congress. Sec. 1712. Analysis by Director of National Intelligence. Sec. 1713. Information sharing. Sec. 1714. Action by the President. Sec. 1715. Judicial review. Sec. 1716. Membership and staff of Com-mittee. Sec. 1717. Actions by the Committee to ad-dress national security risks. Sec. 1718. Modification of annual report and other reporting requirements. Sec. 1719. Certification of notices and infor-mation. Sec. 1720. Implementation plans. Sec. 1721. Assessment of need for additional resources for Committee. Sec. 1722. Funding. Sec. 1723. Centralization of certain Com-mittee functions. Sec. 1724. Conforming amendments. Sec. 1725. Requirements to identify and con-trol the export of emerging and foundational technologies. Sec. 1726. Export control enforcement au-thority. Sec. 1727. Prohibition on modification of civil penalties under export control and sanctions laws. Sec. 1728. Under Secretary of Commerce for 
Industry and Security. Sec. 1729. Limitation on cancellation of des-ignation of Secretary of the Air Force as Department of Defense Executive Agent for a certain Defense Production Act pro-gram. Sec. 1730. Review of and report on certain defense technologies critical to the United States maintaining superior military capabilities. Sec. 1731. Briefing on information from transactions reviewed by Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States relating to foreign efforts to influence democratic institutions and processes. Sec. 1732. Effective date. Sec. 1733. Severability. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be speci-fied by law. Sec. 2003. Effective date. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, Army. Sec. 2104. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. Sec. 2105. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2016 project. TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, Navy. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry out certain phased project au-thorized in fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017. Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2017 project. Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2308. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2401. Authorized defense agencies con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2402. Energy Resilience and Conserva-tion Investment Program. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, defense agencies. Sec. 2404. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. Sec. 2405. Authorization of certain fiscal year 2018 project. TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. Subtitle B—Host Country In-kind Contributions Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded con-struction projects. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisi-tion projects. Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve con-struction and land acquisition projects. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3049 June 6, 2018 
Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Ma-rine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard construction and land acquisi-tion projects. Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, National Guard and Reserve. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 2611. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2016 project. Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2613. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 project. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and clo-sure activities funded through Department of Defense Base Closure Account. Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting addi-tional base realignment and closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUC-TION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Changes Sec. 2801. Additional authority to obtain ar-chitectural and engineering services and construction de-sign for defense laboratory modernization pilot program. Sec. 2802. Modification of contract authority for acquisition, construction, or furnishing of test facilities and equipment. Sec. 2803. Extension of temporary, limited authority to use operation and maintenance funds for con-struction projects in certain areas outside the United States. Sec. 2804. Unspecified minor military con-struction projects related to re-vitalization and recapitaliza-tion of Defense Industrial Base Facilities. Sec. 2805. Congressional oversight of projects carried out pursuant to laws other than Military Con-struction Authorization Acts. Subtitle B—Project Management and Oversight Reforms Sec. 2811. Updates and modifications to De-partment of Defense Form 1391, Unified Facilities Criteria, and military installation master plans. Sec. 2812. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables for military con-struction projects. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances Sec. 2821. Land exchange, Air Force Plant 44, Tucson, Arizona. Sec. 2822. Land conveyance, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 2831. Commemoration of Freedman’s Village. Sec. 2832. Strategic plan to improve capa-bilities of Department of De-fense training ranges and in-stallations. Sec. 2833. Native American Indian lands en-vironmental mitigation pro-gram. Sec. 2834. Defense community infrastructure pilot program. Sec. 2835. Representation of installation in-terests in negotiations and pro-ceedings with carriers and other public utilities. Sec. 2836. White Sands Missile Range land enhancements. Sec. 2837. Authority to transfer funds for construction of Indian River Bridge. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2901. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2902. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2903. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2904. Authorized Defense Agencies con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2905. Authorization of appropriations. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZA-TIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Admin-istration. Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 3111. Clarification of roles and authori-ties of National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration. Sec. 3112. National Nuclear Security Admin-istration Personnel System. Sec. 3113. Amendments to the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954. Sec. 3114. Extension of enhanced procure-ment authority to manage sup-ply chain risk. Sec. 3115. Pilot program on conduct by De-partment of Energy of back-ground reviews for access by certain individuals to national security laboratories. Sec. 3116. Extension of authority for accept-ance of contributions for accel-eration of removal or security of fissile materials, radiological materials, and related equip-ment at vulnerable sites world-wide. Sec. 3117. Modification of limitation on de-velopment of low-yield nuclear weapons. Sec. 3118. Prohibition on use of funds for ter-minating activities at MOX fa-cility. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports Sec. 3121. Modifications to cost-benefit anal-
yses for competition of manage-ment and operating contracts. Sec. 3122. Review of defense environmental cleanup activities. Sec. 3123. Survey of workforce of national security laboratories and nu-clear weapons production facili-ties. Sec. 3124. Elimination of certain reports. Sec. 3125. Implementation of Nuclear Pos-ture Review by National Nu-clear Security Administration. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD Sec. 3201. Authorization. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION Sec. 3501. Maritime Administration. Sec. 3502. Permanent authority of Secretary of Transportation to issue ves-sel war risk insurance. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in fund-ing tables. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 4101. Procurement. Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contin-gency operations. TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for overseas contingency oper-ations. TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL Sec. 4401. Military personnel. Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 4601. Military construction. Sec. 4602. Military construction for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national se-curity programs. SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional de-fense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF THIS ACT. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purposes of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, jointly submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on pas-sage in the House acting first on the con-ference report or amendment between the Houses. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide ac-tivities, as specified in the funding table in section 4101. Subtitle B—Army Programs 
SEC. 111. DEPLOYMENT BY THE ARMY OF AN IN-TERIM CRUISE MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITY. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION OF NEED.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall cer-tify to the congressional defense committees whether deployment of an interim, fixed site cruise missile defense capability is nec-essary. (b) D
EPLOYMENT REQUIRED .—The Army shall deploy an interim, fixed site cruise missile defense capability, in anticipation of delivery to the Army of the Indirect Fire Protection Capability (IFPC), by the dead-lines as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3050 June 6, 2018 
(1) Two batteries by not later than Sep-tember 30, 2020. (2) Two additional batteries by not later than September 30, 2023. (c) L
OCATIONS OF DEPLOYMENT .—In deploy-ing the interim capability pursuant to sub-section (b), the Secretary of Defense shall af-ford a priority in locations for deployment to air bases and significant fixed site locations in Europe and Asia for the purpose of the protection of such bases and locations against potential cruise missile threats. (d) A
CHIEVEMENT OF DEPLOYMENT DEAD-
LINES .—In order to meet the deadlines for de-ployment specified in subsection (b), the Army— (1) shall deploy systems that require the least amount of development; and (2) may use a combination of— (A) procurement of non-developmental air and missile defense systems currently in pro-duction to ensure rapid delivery of capa-bility; (B) use of existing systems, components, and capabilities already in the Joint Force inventory, including rockets and missiles as available; (C) operational information technology for communication, detection, and fire control that is certified to work with existing joint information technology systems to ensure interoperability; (D) engagement and collaboration with science and technology, engineering, testing, and acquisition organization and activities in the Department of Defense, including the Defense Innovation United Experimental, the Director of Operational Test and Evalua-tion, the Defense Digital Service, the Stra-tegic Capabilities Office, and the Rapid Ca-pabilities offices, to accelerate the develop-ment, testing, and deployment of existing systems; and (E) institutional and operational basing to facilitate rapid training and fielding. (e) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by sec-tion 101 and available for the Army for pro-curement as specified in the funding table in section 4101, up to $500,000,000 may be avail-able for the deployment of the interim capa-bility required by subsection (b). Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
SEC. 121. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR F/A–18E/F SUPER HORNET AND EA–18G AIRCRAFT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of F/A– 18E/F Super Hornet and potential EA–18G aircraft. Notwithstanding subsection (k) of such section 2306b, the Secretary of Defense may enter into a multiyear contract under this section for up to three years. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCURE -
MENT .—The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts for advance pro-curement associated with the F/A–18E/F Super Hornet and potential EA–18G aircraft, including economic order quantity, for which authorization to enter into a multiyear pro-curement contract is provided under sub-section (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report and confirmation required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. SEC. 122. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR E–2D ADVANCED HAWKEYE (AHE) AIRCRAFT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of E–2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) aircraft. Notwith-standing subsection (k) of such section 2306b, the Secretary of Defense may enter into a multiyear contract under this section for up to five years. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec- retary may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the E–2D AHE (including economic order quan-tity) for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report and confirmation required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 123. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON USE OF SOLE-SOURCE SHIPBUILDING CON-TRACTS FOR CERTAIN VESSELS. 
Section 124 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), as amended by section 127 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘or fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘, fiscal year 2018, or fis-cal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 124. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR NAVY PORT WATER-BORNE SECURITY BARRIERS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided under subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2019 may be used for the procurement of new Navy port waterborne security barriers. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) not less than 30 days after submitting to the congressional defense committees— (1) a Navy requirements document that specifies Key Performance Parameters and Key System Attributes for new Navy port waterborne security barriers; (2) a certification that the level of capa-bility specified under paragraph (1) will meet or exceed that of legacy Navy port water-borne security barriers; (3) the acquisition strategy for the recapi-talization of legacy Navy port waterborne se-curity barriers, which will meet or exceed the requirements specified under paragraph (1); and (4) a certification that any contract award or awards for new Navy port waterborne se-curity barriers will result from full and open competition to the maximum extent prac-ticable. SEC. 125. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR STANDARD MISSILE-6. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of up to 625 Standard Missile–6 guided missiles. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec- retary may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the missiles (including economic order quantity) for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees the report and confirmation required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 126. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR THE LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the amounts au-thorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Depart-ment of Defense for fiscal year 2019 may be used to exceed the total procurement quan-tity listed in revision five of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy unless the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment submits to the congres-sional defense committees the certification described in subsection (b). (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-scribed in this subsection is a certification by the Under Secretary that awarding a con-tract for the procurement of a Littoral Com-bat Ship that exceeds the total procurement quantity listed in revision five of the Lit-toral Combat Ship acquisition strategy— (1) is in the national security interests of the United States; (2) will not result in exceeding the low-rate initial production quantity approved in the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy in effect as of the date of the certification; and (3) is necessary to maintain a full and open competition for the Guided Missile Frigate (FFG(X)) with a single source award in fiscal year 2020. (c) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘‘revision five of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strat-egy’’ means the fifth revision of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy approved by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-sition and Sustainment on March 26, 2018. 
SEC. 127. NUCLEAR REFUELING OF AIRCRAFT CARRIERS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION TOPROCURE NUCLEAR  R
EFUELING MATERIALS .—Pursuant to section 7314a of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 1014 of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy may procure naval nuclear reactor power units and associated reactor compo-nents for the following aircraft carriers: (1) U.S.S. John C. Stennis (CVN–74). (2) U.S.S. Harry S. Truman (CVN–75). (3) U.S.S. Ronald Reagan (CVN–76). (4) U.S.S. George H.W. Bush (CVN–77). (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR PAYMENTS .— Any contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3051 June 6, 2018 
2019 is subject to availability of appropria-tions for that purpose for that later fiscal year. 
SEC. 128. LIMITATION ON FUNDING FOR AMPHIB-IOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Not more than 75 percent of the funds au-thorized by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for the Marine Corps for fiscal year 2019 for the Amphibious Assault Vehicle Product Improvement Program (AAV PIP) may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees— (1) the report required under subsection (b) of section 1041; or (2) the information required under para-graph (5) of such subsection. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 141. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF E–8 JSTARS AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  
FOR RETIREMENT .—Except as provided by subsection (d), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to re-tire, or prepare to retire, any E–8 Joint Sur-veillance Target Attack Radar System air-craft. (b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON RETIRE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the prohibi-tion in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, or prepare to re-tire, any E–8C aircraft until the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment submits to the congressional defense committees the certification de-scribed under paragraph (2). (2) R
EQUIRED CERTIFICATION .—The certifi-cation referred to in paragraph (1) is a cer-tification submitted by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to the congressional defense committees that the Department of Defense’s plan for 21st Century Battle Management Command and Control, as briefed to the congressional defense committees in March 2018, is pro-gressing according to the schedule presented in March 2018. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibitions in sub-sections (a) and (b) shall not apply to indi-vidual E–8 Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be nonoperational because of mis-haps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. 
SEC. 142. B–52H AIRCRAFT SYSTEM MODERNIZA-TION REPORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the long term modernization of the B–52H air-craft, including an estimated timeline and requirements as an integrated aircraft sys-tem of— (1) electronic warfare and defensive sys-tems; (2) communications including secure jam resistant capability; (3) radar replacement; (4) engine replacement; (5) future weapons and targeting capa-bility; and (6) mission planning systems. 
SEC. 143. REPEAL OF FUNDING RESTRICTION FOR EC–130H COMPASS CALL RE-CAPITALIZATION PROGRAM AND RE-VIEW OF PROGRAM ACCELERATION OPPORTUNITIES. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 131 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2037) is re-pealed. (b) PERIODIC REPORTS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 30, 2018, June 30, 2019, and December 30, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a series of updated program status reports for the EC–130H Compass Call Recapitalization Program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a program status update describing progress in meeting current and future ac-quisition milestones; (B) a description of opportunities to accel-erate the program in fiscal years 2020 and 2021; (C) a description of long-lead items or other block buy components that could re-duce cost and lead to acceleration of the pro-gram; (D) funding requirements to carry out pro-gram acceleration in order to replace the legacy EC–130H fleet as rapidly as possible; and (E) a description of how the EC–130H Com-pass Call Recapitalization Program— (i) meets the requirements of combatant commanders; and (ii) is more operationally effective and sur-vivable than the existing EC–130H Compass Call aircraft platform. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters 
SEC. 151. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR C–130J AIRCRAFT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Air Force may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of C–130J aircraft and, acting as the executive agent for the Department of the Navy, for the pro-curement of C–130J aircraft. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec- retary of the Air Force may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the C–130J aircraft, includ-ing economic order quantity, for which au-thorization to enter into a multiyear pro-curement contract is provided under sub-section (a). (c) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (d) T
REATMENT OF FISCAL YEAR 2018 A IR-
CRAFT .—The multiyear contract authority under subsection (a) includes C–130J aircraft for which funds were appropriated for fiscal year 2018. 
SEC. 152. QUARTERLY UPDATES ON THE F–35 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than October 1, 2018, and on a quarterly basis thereafter through October 1, 2024, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall provide to the congres-sional defense committees a briefing on the progress of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each briefing under sub-section (a) shall include, with respect to the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program, the fol-lowing elements: (1) An overview of the program schedule. (2) A description of each contract awarded under the program, including a description of the type of contract and the status of the contract. (3) An assessment of the status of the pro-gram with respect to— (A) modernization; (B) modification; (C) testing; (D) delivery; (E) sustainment; and (F) program management. SEC. 153. AUTHORITY TO PROCURE ADDITIONAL POLAR-CLASS ICEBREAKERS. 
Section 122 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
ICE-
BREAKER VESSEL ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AUTHORIZA -
TION TO PROCURE UP TO SIX POLAR -CLASS ICE -
BREAKERS ’’; (2) by striking subsections (a) and (b); (3) by inserting before subsection (c) the following new subsection: ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TOPROCURE ICE-
BREAKERS .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, enter into a contract or contracts for the procurement of up to six polar-class ice-breakers, including— ‘‘(1) polar-class heavy icebreakers; and ‘‘(2) polar-class medium icebreakers.’’; (4) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (5) in paragraph (1) of subsection (b), as re-designated by paragraph (4) of this section, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4201. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. CODIFICATION AND REAUTHORIZATION OF DEFENSE RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2359 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2359a. Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM ESTABLISHED .—(1) The Sec-retary of Defense shall establish a competi-tive, merit-based program to accelerate the fielding of technologies developed pursuant to phase II Small Business Innovation Re-search Program projects, technologies devel-oped by the defense laboratories, and other innovative technologies (including dual use technologies). ‘‘(2) The purpose of this program is to stimulate innovative technologies and re-duce acquisition or lifecycle costs, address technical risks, improve the timeliness and thoroughness of test and evaluation out-comes, and rapidly insert such products di-rectly in support of primarily major defense acquisition programs, but also other defense acquisition programs that meet critical na-tional security needs. ‘‘(b) G
UIDELINES .—The Secretary shall issue guidelines for the operation of the pro-gram. At a minimum such guidance shall provide for the following: ‘‘(1) The issuance of one or more broad agency announcements or the use of any other competitive or merit-based processes by the Department of Defense for candidate proposals in support of defense acquisition programs as described in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The review of candidate proposals by the Department of Defense and by each mili-tary department and the merit-based selec-tion of the most promising cost-effective 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3052 June 6, 2018 
proposals for funding through contracts, co-operative agreements, and other trans-actions for the purposes of carrying out the program. ‘‘(3) The total amount of funding provided to any project under the program from fund-ing provided under subsection (d) shall not exceed $3,000,000, unless the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, approves a larger amount of funding for the project. ‘‘(4) No project shall receive more than a total of two years of funding under the pro-gram from funding provided under sub-section (d), unless the Secretary, or the Sec-retary’s designee, approves funding for any additional year. ‘‘(5) Mechanisms to facilitate transition of follow-on or current projects carried out under the program into defense acquisition programs, through the use of the authorities of section 2302e of this title or such other au-thorities as may be appropriate to conduct further testing, low rate production, or full rate production of technologies developed under the program. ‘‘(6) Projects are selected using merit- based selection procedures and the selection of projects is not subject to undue influence by Congress or other Federal agencies. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT PURSUANT TO CERTAIN  C
ONGRESSIONAL RULES .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be interpreted to require or enable any official of the Department of Defense to provide funding under this section to any earmark as defined pursuant to House Rule XXI, clause 9, or any congressionally di-rected spending item as defined pursuant to Senate Rule XLIV, paragraph 5. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—Subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, the amounts authorized to be appropriated for research, development, test, and evaluation for a fiscal year may be used for such fiscal year for the program established under sub-section (a). ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—(1) The Sec-retary may transfer funds available for the program to the research, development, test, and evaluation accounts of a military de-partment, defense agency, or the unified combatant command for special operations forces pursuant to a proposal, or any part of a proposal, that the Secretary determines would directly support the purposes of the program. ‘‘(2) The transfer authority provided in this subsection is in addition to any other trans-fer authority available to the Department of Defense.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2359 the following new item: ‘‘2359a. Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL OF OLD PROVISION .—Section 1073 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note) is hereby re-pealed. (2) R
EPEAL OF OLD TABLE OF CONTENTS  
ITEM.—The table of contents in section 2(b) of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 1073. 
SEC. 212. PROCEDURES FOR RAPID REACTION TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH PROCE -
DURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-neering shall prescribe procedures for the designation and development of technologies that are— (1) urgently needed— (A) to react to a technological develop-ment of an adversary of the United States; or (B) to respond to a significant and urgent emerging technology; and (2) not receiving appropriate research fund-ing or attention from the Department of De-fense. (b) ELEMENTS .—The procedures prescribed under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A process for streamlined communica-tions between the the Under Secretary, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the commanders of the combatant commands, the science and tech-nology executives within each military de-partment, and the science and technology community, including— (A) a process for the commanders of the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff to communicate their needs to the science and technology community; and (B) a process for the science and tech-nology community to propose technologies that meet the needs communicated by the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (2) Procedures for the development of tech-nologies proposed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), including— (A) a process for demonstrating perform-ance of the proposed technologies on a short timeline; (B) a process for developing a development strategy for a technology, including integra-tion into future budget years; and (C) a process for making investment deter-minations based on information obtained pursuant to subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
SEC. 213. ACTIVITIES ON IDENTIFICATION AND DEVELOPMENT OF ENHANCED PER-SONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT AGAINST BLAST INJURY. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the Secretary of the Army shall carry out a set of activities to identify and develop personal equipment to provide en-hanced protection against injuries caused by blasts in combat and training. (2) A
CTION WITH DOTE .—The Secretary shall undertake all actions required of the Sec-retary under this section jointly with the Di-rector of Operational Test and Evaluation. (b) A
CTIVITIES .— (1) C
ONTINUOUS EVALUATION PROCESS .—For purposes of the activities required by sub-section (a), the Secretary shall establish a process to continuously solicit from govern-ment, industry, academia, and other appro-priate entities personal protective equip-ment that is ready for testing and evaluation in order to identify and evaluate equipment or clothing that is more effective in pro-tecting members of the Armed Forces from the harmful effects of blast injuries, includ-ing traumatic brain injuries, and would be suitable for expedited procurement and field-ing. (2) G
OALS .—The goals of the activities shall include: (A) Development of streamlined require-ments for procurement of personal protec-tive equipment. (B) Appropriate testing of personal protec-tive equipment prior to procurement and fielding. (C) Development of expedited mechanisms for deployment of effective personal protec-tive equipment. (D) Identification of areas of research in which increased investment has the poten-tial to improve the quality of personal pro-tective equipment and the capability of the industrial base to produce such equipment. (E) Such other goals as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (3) P
ARTNERSHIPS FOR CERTAIN ASSESS -
MENTS .—As part of the activities, the Sec-retary shall establish research partnerships with appropriate academic institutions for purposes of assessing the following: (A) The ability of various forms of personal protective equipment to protect against common blast injuries, including traumatic brain injuries. (B) The value of real-time data analytics to track the effectiveness of various forms of personal protective equipment to protect against common blast injuries, including traumatic brain injuries. (C) The availability of commercial-off the- shelf personal protective technology to pro-tect against traumatic brain injury resulting from blasts. (D) The extent to which the equipment de-termined through the assessment to be most effective to protect against common blast in-juries is readily modifiable for different body types and to provide lightweight material options to enhance maneuverability. (c) AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out activi-ties under subsection (a), the Secretary may use any authority as follows: (1) Experimental procurement authority under section 2373 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Other transactions authority under sec-tion 2371 and 2371b of title 10, United States Code. (3) Authority to award technology prizes under section 2374a of title 10, United States Code. (4) Authority under the Defense Acquisi-tion Challenge Program under section 2359b of title 10, United States Code. (5) Any other authority on acquisition, technology transfer, and personnel manage-ment that the Secretary considers appro-priate. (d) C
ERTAIN TREATMENT OF ACTIVITIES .— Any activities under this section shall be deemed to have been through the use of com-petitive procedures for the purposes of sec-tion 2304 of title 10, United States Code. (e) O
N-GOING ASSESSMENT FOLLOWING AC-
TIVITIES .—After the completion of activities under subsection (a), the Secretary shall, on an on-going basis, do the following: (1) Evaluate the extent to which personal protective equipment identified through the activities would— (A) enhance survivability of personnel from blasts in combat and training; and (B) enhance prevention of brain damage, and reduction of any resultant chronic brain dysfunction, from blasts in combat and training. (2) In the case of personal protective equip-ment so identified that would provide en-hancements as described in paragraph (1), es-timate the costs that would be incurred to procure such enhanced personal protective equipment, and develop a schedule for the procurement of such equipment. (3) Estimate the potential health care cost savings that would occur from expanded use of personal protective equipment described in paragraph (2). (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than Decem-ber 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the activities under subsection (a) as of the date of the report. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than Decem-ber 1, 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress referred to in para-graph (1) a report on the activities under this section, including the following: (A) The results of the evaluation under subsection (e)(1). (B) The estimate of costs and schedules under subsection (e)(2). (g) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense by section 201, up to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3053 June 6, 2018 
$10,000,000 may be available to carry out this section. 
SEC. 214. HUMAN FACTORS MODELING AND SIM-ULATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall develop and provide for the carrying out of human factors modeling and simulation activities designed to do the fol-lowing: (1) Provide warfighters and civilians with personalized assessment, education, and training tools. (2) Identify and implement effective ways to interface and team warfighters with ma-chines. (3) Result in the use of intelligent, adapt-ive augmentation to enhance decision mak-ing. (4) Result in the development of tech-niques, technologies, and practices to miti-gate critical stressors that impede warfighter and civilian protection, sustainment, and performance. (b) P
URPOSE .—The overall purpose of the activities shall be to accelerate research and development that enhances capabilities for human performance, human-systems inte-gration, and training for the warfighter. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS IN ACTIVITIES .—Partici- pants in the activities may include the fol-lowing: (1) Elements of the Department of Defense engaged in science and technology activities. (2) Program Executive Offices of the De-partment. (3) Academia. (4) The private sector. (5) Such other participants as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (d) E
XECUTION .—The Secretary shall carry out this section through the Army Futures Command, the Army Research Institute, or such other component of the Department of the Army as the Secretary considers appro-priate. 
SEC. 215. EXPANSION OF MISSION AREAS SUP-PORTED BY MECHANISMS FOR EXPE-DITED ACCESS TO TECHNICAL TAL-ENT AND EXPERTISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 217(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (23) as para-graph (27); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (22) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(23) Space. ‘‘(24) Infrastructure resilience. ‘‘(25) Photonics. ‘‘(26) Autonomy.’’. 
SEC. 216. ADVANCED MANUFACTURING ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall jointly, in coordina-tion with Secretaries of the military depart-ments, establish not less than three activi-ties to demonstrate advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities at depot-level ac-tivities or military arsenal facilities of the military departments. (b) P
URPOSES .—The activities established pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) support efforts to implement advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities; (2) identify improvements to sustainment methods for component parts and other lo-gistics needs; (3) identify and implement appropriate in-formation security protections to ensure se-curity of advanced manufacturing; (4) aid in the procurement of advanced manufacturing equipment and support serv-ices; and (5) enhance partnerships between the de-fense industrial base and Department of De-fense laboratories, academic institutions, and industry. (c) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS AND PART-
NERSHIPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretaries may enter into a cooperative agreement and use public-private and public-public partner-ships to facilitate development of advanced manufacturing techniques in support of the defense industrial base. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A cooperative agree-ment entered into under paragraph (1) and a partnership used under such paragraph shall facilitate— (A) development and implementation of advanced manufacturing techniques and ca-pabilities; (B) appropriate sharing of information in the adaptation of advanced manufacturing, including technical data rights; and (C) implementation of appropriate infor-mation security protections into advanced manufacturing tools and techniques. (d) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Under Secretaries may use the fol-lowing authorities: (1) Section 2196 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the Manufacturing Engi-neering Education Program. (2) Section 2368 of such title, relating to centers for science, technology, and engi-neering partnership. (3) Section 2374a of such title, relating to prizes for advanced technology achieve-ments. (4) Section 2474 of such title, relating to centers of industrial and technical excel-lence. (5) Section 2521 of such title, relating to the Manufacturing Technology Program. (6) Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title 31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and development agreements. (7) Such other authorities as the Under Secretaries considers appropriate. 
SEC. 217. NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION AC-TIVITIES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall establish activities to develop inter-action between the Department of Defense and the commercial technology industry and academia with regard to emerging hardware products and technologies with national se-curity applications. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The activities required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Informing and encouraging private in-vestment in specific hardware technologies of interest to future defense technology needs with unique national security applica-tions. (2) Funding research and technology devel-opment in critical hardware-based defense sectors, specifically microelectromechanical systems, processing components, micro-machinery, and materials science that pri-vate industry has not supported sufficiently to meet rapidly emerging national security needs. (3) Developing and executing policies and actions to deter strategic acquisition of in-dustrial and technical capabilities in the pri-vate sector by foreign entities that could po-tentially exclude companies from partici-pating in the Department of Defense tech-nology and industrial base. (4) Identifying promising emerging tech-nology in industry and academia for the De-partment of Defense for potential support or research and development cooperation. (c) T
RANSFER OF PERSONNEL AND RE-
SOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Under Secretary may transfer such per-sonnel, resources, and authorities as the Under Secretary considers appropriate to carry out the activities established under subsection (a) from other elements of the De-partment. (2) CERTIFICATION .—The Under Secretary may only make a transfer of personnel, re-sources, or authorities under paragraph (1) upon certification by the Under Secretary that the activities established under para-graph (a) can attract sufficient private sec-tor investment, has personnel with sufficient technical and management expertise, and has identified relevant technologies and sys-tems for potential investment in order to carry out the activities established under subsection (a), independent of further gov-ernment funding beyond this authorization. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF NONPROFIT ENTITY .— The Under Secretary may establish or fund a nonprofit entity to carry out the program activities under subsection (a). (e) P
LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a detailed plan to carry out this section. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the additional authori-ties needed to carry out the activities set forth in subsection (b). (B) Plans for transfers under subsection (c), including plans for private fund-match-ing and investment mechanisms, oversight, treatment of rights relating to technical data developed, and relevant dates and goals of such transfers. (C) Plans for attracting the participation of the commercial technology industry and academia and how those plans fit into the current Department of Defense research and engineering enterprise. (f) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Under Secretary may use the fol-lowing authorities: (1) Section 1711 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), relating to a pilot program on strengthening manufacturing in the defense industrial base. (2) Section 1599g of title 10 of the United States Code, relating to public-private talent exchanges. (3) Section 2368 of such title, relating to Centers for Science, Technology, and Engi-neering Partnerships. (4) Section 2374a of such title, relating to prizes for advanced technology achieve-ments. (5) Section 2474 of such title, relating to Centers of Industrial and Technical Excel-lence. (6) Section 2521 of such title, relating to the Manufacturing Technology Program. (7) Subchapter VI of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, relating to assignments to and from States. (8) Chapter 47 of such title, relating to per-sonnel research programs and demonstration projects. (9) Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title 31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and development agreements. (10) Such other authorities as the Under Secretary considers appropriate. (g) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense by section 201 and subject to the availability of appropriations, up to $150,000,000 may be available to carry out this section. 
SEC. 218. PARTNERSHIP INTERMEDIARIES FOR PROMOTION OF DEFENSE RE-SEARCH AND EDUCATION. 
Section 2368 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3054 June 6, 2018 
(1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) U
SE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERMEDIARIES  
TOPROMOTE DEFENSE RESEARCH AND EDU-
CATION .—(1) Subject to the approval of the Secretary or the head of the another depart-ment or agency of the Federal Government concerned, the Director of a Center may enter into a contract, memorandum of un-derstanding or other transition with a part-nership intermediary that provides for the partnership intermediary to perform services for the Department of Defense that increase the likelihood of success in the conduct of cooperative or joint activities of the Center with industry or academic institutions. ‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘partner-ship intermediary’ means an agency of a State or local government, or a nonprofit en-tity owned in whole or in part by, chartered by, funded in whole or in part by, or operated in whole or in part by or on behalf of a State or local government, that assists, counsels, advises, evaluates, or otherwise cooperates with industry or academic institutions that need or can make demonstrably productive use of technology-related assistance from a Center.’’. 
SEC. 219. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR SURFACE NAVY LASER WEAPON SYS-TEM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to exceed a procurement quantity of one Surface Navy Laser Weapon System, also known as the High Energy Laser and Integrated Optical- dazzler with Surveillance (HELIOS), per fis-cal year, unless the Secretary of the Navy submits to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on such system with the elements set forth in subsection (b). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The elements set forth in this subsection are, with respect to the sys-tem described in subsection (a), the fol-lowing: (1) A document setting forth the require-ments for the system, including desired per-formance characteristics. (2) An acquisition plan that includes the following: (A) A program schedule to accomplish de-sign completion, technology maturation, risk reduction, and other activities, includ-ing dates of key design reviews (such as Pre-liminary Design Review and Critical Design Review) and program initiation decision (such as Milestone B) if applicable. (B) A contracting strategy, including re-quests for proposals, the extent to which contracts will be competitively awarded, op-tion years, option quantities, option prices, and ceiling prices. (C) The fiscal years of procurement and de-livery for each engineering development model, prototype, or similar unit planned to be acquired. (D) A justification for the fiscal years of procurement and delivery for each engineer-ing development model, prototype, or simi-lar unit planned to be acquired. (3) A test plan and schedule sufficient to achieve operational effectiveness and oper-ational suitability determinations (such as Early Operational Capability and Initial Operational Capability) related to the re-quirements set forth in paragraph (1). (4) Associated funding and item quantities, disaggregated by fiscal year and appropria-tion, requested in the Fiscal Year 2019 Fu-ture Years Defense Program. (5) An estimate of the acquisition costs, in-cluding the total costs for procurement, re-search, development, test, and evaluation. SEC. 220. EXPANSION OF COORDINATION RE-QUIREMENT FOR SUPPORT FOR NA-TIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION AND ENTREPRENEURIAL EDUCATION. 
Section 225(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(16) The National Security Technology Accelerator.’’. 
SEC. 221. LIMITATION ON FUNDING FOR AMPHIB-IOUS COMBAT VEHICLE 1.2. 
None of the funds authorized by this Act or otherwise made available for the Marine Corps for fiscal year 2019 for the development of Amphibious Combat Vehicle 1.2 may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees— (1) the report required under subsection (b) of section 1041; or (2) the information required under para-graph (5) of such subsection. 
SEC. 222. DEFENSE QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense shall carry out a quantum information science and technology research and develop-ment program. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the pro-gram required by subsection (a) are as fol-lows: (1) To ensure global superiority of the United States in quantum information science necessary for meeting national secu-rity requirements. (2) To coordinate all quantum information science and technology research and develop-ment within the Department of Defense and to provide for interagency cooperation and collaboration on quantum information science and technology research and develop-ment between the Department of Defense and other departments and agencies of the United States and appropriate private sector entities that are involved in quantum infor-mation science and technology research and development. (3) To develop and manage a portfolio of fundamental and applied quantum informa-tion science and technology and engineering research initiatives that is stable, con-sistent, and balanced across scientific dis-ciplines. (4) To accelerate the transition and deploy-ment of technologies and concepts derived from quantum information science and tech-nology research and development into the Armed Forces, and to establish policies, pro-cedures, and standards for measuring the success of such efforts. (5) To collect, synthesize, and disseminate critical information on quantum informa-tion science and technology research and de-velopment. (6) To establish and support appropriate re-search, innovation, and industrial base, in-cluding facilities and infrastructure, to sup-port the needs of Department of Defense mis-sions and systems related to quantum infor-mation science and technology. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out the program required by subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall act through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, who shall supervise the planning, manage-ment, and coordination of the program. The Under Secretary, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments and the heads of participating Defense Agencies and other departments and agencies of the United States, shall— (1) prescribe a set of long-term challenges and a set of specific technical goals for the program, including— (A) optimization of analysis of national se-curity data sets; (B) design of new materials and molecular functions; (C) secure communications and cryptog-raphy; (D) quantum sensing and metrology; (E) development of mathematics to sup-port defense missions related to quantum- based encryption techniques; and (F) processing and manufacturing of low- cost, robust, and reliable quantum informa-tion science and technology-enabled devices and systems; (2) develop a coordinated and integrated research and investment plan for meeting the near-, mid-, and long-term challenges with definitive milestones while achieving the specific technical goals that builds upon the Department’s increased investment in quantum information science and tech-nology research and development, commer-cial sector and global investments, and other United States Government investments in the quantum sciences; (3) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, develop and con-tinuously update guidance, including classi-fication and data management plans for de-fense-related quantum information science and technology activities, and policies for control of personnel participating on such activities to minimize the effects of loss of intellectual property in basic and applied quantum science and information considered sensitive to the leadership of the United States in the field of quantum computing; and (4) develop memoranda of agreement, joint funding agreements, and other cooperative arrangements necessary for meeting the long-term challenges and achieving the spe-cific technical goals. (d) REPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2020, the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the program, in both classified and un-classified format. 
SEC. 223. JOINT DIRECTED ENERGY TEST ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) T ESTACTIVITIES .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall develop, establish, and coordinate di-rected energy testing activities adequate to ensure the achievement by the Department of Defense of goals of the Department for de-veloping and deploying directed energy sys-tems to match national security needs. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The activity established under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) The High Energy Laser System Test Fa-cility of the Army Test and Evaluation Com-mand. (2) Such other test resources and activities as the Under Secretary may designate for purposes of this section. (c) D
ESIGNATION .—The test activities estab-lished under subsection (a) shall be consid-ered part of the Major Range and Test Facil-ity Base (as defined in 196(i) of title 10, United States Code). (d) D
IRECTION AND CONTROL .—The conduct of testing activities under subsection (a) shall be subject to authority, direction, and control of the Under Secretary in the Under Secretary’s capacity as the official with principal responsibility for the development and demonstration of directed energy weap-ons for the Department pursuant to section 219(a)(1) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2431 note). (e) P
RIORITIZATION OF EFFORT .—In devel- oping and coordinating testing activities pursuant to subsection (a), the Under Sec-retary shall prioritize efforts consistent with the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3055 June 6, 2018 
(1) Paragraphs (2) through (5) of section 219(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2431 note). (2) Enabling the standardized collection and evaluation of testing data to establish testing references and benchmarks. (3) Concentrating sufficient personnel ex-pertise of directed energy weapon systems in order to validate the effectiveness of new weapon systems against a variety of targets. (4) Consolidating modern state-of-the-art testing infrastructure including telemetry, sensors, and optics to support advanced tech-nology testing and evaluation. (5) Formulating a joint lethality or vulner-ability information repository that can be accessed by any of the military departments of Defense Agencies, similar to a Joint Muni-tions Effectiveness Manuals (JMEMs). (6) Reducing duplication of directed energy weapon testing. (7) Ensuring that an adequate workforce and adequate testing facilities are main-tained to support missions of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
SEC. 224. REQUIREMENT FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF ARRANGEMENTS FOR EXPE-DITED ACCESS TO TECHNICAL TAL-ENT AND EXPERTISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONS TO SUPPORT DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a)(1) of sec-tion 217 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall’’. (b) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (f) of such sec-tion is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
SEC. 225. AUTHORITY FOR JOINT DIRECTED EN-ERGY TRANSITION OFFICE TO CON-DUCT RESEARCH RELATING TO HIGH POWERED MICROWAVE CAPA-BILITIES. 
Section 219(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘, including high-powered microwaves,’’ after ‘‘energy systems and technologies’’. 
SEC. 226. JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE RE-SEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND TRAN-SITION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a set of activities within the Department of Defense to coordinate the ef-forts of the Department to develop, mature, and transition artificial intelligence tech-nologies into operational use. (2) E
MPHASIS .—The set of activities estab-lished under paragraph (1) shall apply artifi-cial intelligence and machine learning solu-tions to operational problems and coordinate activities involving artificial intelligence and artificial intelligence enabled capabili-ties within the Department. (b) D
ESIGNATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior official of the Department of Defense with principal responsibility for the coordi-nation of activities relating to the develop-ment and demonstration of artificial intel-ligence and machine learning for the Depart-ment. (c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the official des-ignated under subsection (b) shall include the following: (1) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—Developing a detailed strategic plan to develop, mature, adopt, and transition artificial intelligence tech-nologies into operational use. Such plan shall include the following: (A) A strategic roadmap for the identifica-tion and coordination of the development and fielding of artificial intelligence tech-nologies and key enabling capabilities. (B) The continuous evaluation and adapta-tion of relevant artificial intelligence capa-bilities developed both inside the Depart-ment and in other organizations for military missions. (2) ACCELERATION OF DEVELOPMENT AND  
FIELDING OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE .—To the degree practicable, the designated offi-cial shall— (A) use the flexibility of regulations, per-sonnel, or other relevant policies of the De-partment to accelerate the development and fielding of artificial intelligence capabilities; (B) ensure engagement with defense and private industries, research universities, and unaffiliated, nonprofit research institutions; (C) provide technical advice and support to entities in the Department of Defense and the military departments to optimize the use of artificial intelligence and machine learn-ing technologies to meet Department mis-sions; (D) support the development of require-ments for artificial intelligence capabilities that address the highest priority capability gaps of the Department and technical feasi-bility; (E) develop and support capabilities for technical analysis and assessment of threat capabilities based on artificial intelligence; (F) ensure that the Department has appro-priate workforce and capabilities at labora-tories, test ranges, and within the organic defense industrial base to support the artifi-cial intelligence capabilities and require-ments of the Department; (G) develop classification guidance for all artificial intelligence related activities of the Department; (H) work with appropriate officials to de-velop appropriate ethical, legal, and other policies for the Department governing the development and use of artificial intel-ligence enabled systems and technologies in operational situations; and (I) ensure— (i) that artificial intelligence programs of each military department and of the Defense Agencies are consistent with the priorities identified under this section; and (ii) appropriate coordination of artificial intelligence activities of the Department with interagency, industry, and inter-national efforts relating to artificial intel-ligence, including relevant participation in standards setting bodies. (d) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure that the offi-cial designated under subsection (b) has ac-cess to such information on programs and activities of the military departments and other Defense Agencies as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to carry out the coordina-tion described in subsection (b) and the du-ties set forth in subsection (c). (e) S
TUDY ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TOP-
ICS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the official designated under subsection (b) shall— (A) complete a study on the future of arti-ficial intelligence in the context of the mis-sions of the Department; and (B) submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the designated official with respect to the study completed under subparagraph (A). (2) C
ONSULTATION WITH EXPERTS .—In con- ducting the study required by paragraph (1)(A), the designated official shall consult with experts within the Department, other Federal agencies, academia, and the com-mercial sector, as the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The study required by para-graph (1)(A) shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive and national-level re-view of advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning, and associated tech-nologies relevant to the needs of the Depart-ment and the Armed Forces. (B) Near-term actionable recommendations to the Secretary, including ways to more ef-fectively organize the Department for artifi-cial intelligence and most effectively lever-age academic and commercial progress in these technologies. (C) Recommendations for engagement by the Department with relevant agencies that will be involved with artificial intelligence in the future. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters SEC. 231. REPORT ON COMPARATIVE CAPABILI-TIES OF ADVERSARIES IN KEY TECH-NOLOGY AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that sets forth a direct comparison between the capabilities of the United States in emerging technology areas (such as hypersonics, artificial intel-ligence, quantum information science, and directed energy weapons) and the capabili-ties of adversaries of the United States in such areas. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include, for each technology covered by such report, the following: (1) An evaluation of spending by the United States and adversaries on such technology. (2) An evaluation of the quantity and qual-ity of research on such technology. (3) An evaluation of the test infrastructure and workforce supporting such technology. (4) An assessment of the technological progress of the United States and adversaries on such technology. (5) Descriptions of timelines for oper-ational deployment of such technology. (6) An assessment of the intent or willing-ness of adversaries to use such technology. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The Director shall pre-pare the report in coordination with other appropriate officials of the intelligence com-munity and with such other partners in the technology areas covered by the report as the Director considers appropriate. 
SEC. 232. REPORT ON ACTIVE PROTECTION SYS-TEMS FOR ARMORED COMBAT AND TACTICAL VEHICLES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on technologies related to active pro-tection systems (APS) for armored combat and tactical vehicles. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) With respect to the active protection systems that the Army has recently tested on the M1A2 Abrams, the M2A3 Bradley, and the STRYKER, the following: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of such systems. (B) Plans of the Secretary to further test such systems. (C) Proposals for future development of such systems. (D) A timeline for fielding such systems. (2) Plans for how the Army will incor-porate active protection systems into new armored combat and tactical vehicle designs, such as Mobile Protection Firepower (MPF), Armored Multi-Purpose Vehicle (AMPV), and Next Generation Combat Vehicle (NGCV). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3056 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 233. NEXT GENERATION COMBAT VEHICLE. 
(a) P ROTOTYPE .—The Secretary of the Army shall take appropriate actions to en-sure that the Tank Automotive, Research, Development, and Engineering Center (TARDEC) of the Army is provided the re-sources, including funds and acquisition au-thorities, necessary to build a prototype for the Next Generation Combat Vehicle (NGCV). (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the de-velopment of the Next Generation Combat Vehicle. (2) A
NALYSIS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include a thorough anal-ysis of the requirements of the Next Genera-tion Combat Vehicle. (B) R
ELEVANCE TO NATIONAL DEFENSE  
STRATEGY .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that the re-quirements are relevant to the most recently published National Defense Strategy. (C) T
HREATS AND TERRAIN .—The Secretary shall ensure that the analysis includes con-sideration of threats and terrain. (D) C
OMPONENT TECHNOLOGIES .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that the analysis in-cludes consideration of the latest enabling component technologies that have the poten-tial to dramatically change basic combat ve-hicle design and improve lethality, protec-tion, mobility, range, and sustainment. (c) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by sec-tion 201 and available for research, develop-ment, testing, and evaluation, Army, for the Next Generation Combat Vehicle, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or ex-pended until the Secretary submits the re-port required by subsection (b). 
SEC. 234. REPORT ON THE FUTURE OF THE DE-FENSE RESEARCH AND ENGINEER-ING ENTERPRISE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth recommendations on the future of the defense research and engineering en-terprise, including such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Under Secretary considers appropriate in light of the anticipated future of the defense research and engineering enterprise. (b) F
OCUS.—The recommendations under subsection (a) shall focus on enabling the success of the defense research and engineer-ing enterprise in the current environment of strategic competition. (c) D
EFENSE RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING  E
NTERPRISE .—For purposes of subsection (a), the defense research and engineering enter-prise shall consist of the following: (1) The science and technology elements of the military departments. (2) The Department of Defense laboratories (3) The test ranges and facilities of the De-partment. (4) The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). (5) The Defense Innovation Unit Experi-mental (DIU(x)). (6) The Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department. (7) The Small Business Innovation Re-search Program of the Department. (8) Such other elements, offices, programs, and activities of the Department as the Under Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the this section. (d) PARTICULAR RECOMMENDATIONS .—The recommendations under subsection (a) shall include recommendations on the following: (1) Portfolio management and coordination of research and development activities across the military departments and the de-fense research and engineering enterprise, including management and activities across the enterprise. (2) Workforce management, recruitment, retention, and shaping. (3) Facilities and research and test infra-structure. (4) Relationships with academia, the acqui-sition community, the operational commu-nity, and the commercial sector. (5) Governance. (e) C
OMPARISONS .—For purposes of making recommendations under subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall conduct a comparison of the defense research and engineering en-terprise of the United States, namely proc-esses, test infrastructure, and workforce, with the defense research and engineering enterprises of other countries and the pri-vate sector. (f) C
ONSULTATION AND COMMENTS .—In mak- ing recommendations under subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall consult with and seek comments from groups and entities rel-evant to the recommendations, such as the military departments, the combatant com-mands, the Defense Innovation Board, the Defense Science Board, the Defense Business Board, the federally funded research and de-velopment centers (FFRDCs), and commer-cial partners of the Department of Defense (including small business concerns). 
SEC. 235. MODIFICATION OF REPORTS ON MECH-ANISMS TO PROVIDE FUNDS TO DE-FENSE LABORATORIES FOR RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF TECHNOLOGIES FOR MILITARY MIS-SIONS. 
Subsection (c) of section 2363 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) R
ELEASE AND DISSEMINATION OF INFOR -
MATION ON CONTRIBUTIONS FROM USE OF AU-
THORITY TO MILITARY MISSIONS .— ‘‘(1) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish and maintain mecha-nisms for the continuous collection of infor-mation on achievements, best practices iden-tified, lessons learned, and challenges arising in the exercise of the authority in this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) R
ELEASE OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary shall establish and maintain mecha-nisms as follows: ‘‘(A) Mechanisms for the release to the public of information on achievements and best practices described in paragraph (1) in unclassified form. ‘‘(B) Mechanisms for dissemination to ap-propriate civilian and military officials of information on achievements and best prac-tices described in paragraph (1) in classified form.’’. 
SEC. 236. REPORT ON MOBILE PROTECTED FIRE-POWER AND FUTURE VERTICAL LIFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives a report on the requirements of the Army for Mobile Protected Firepower (MPF) and Future Vertical Lift (FVL). (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted pur-suant to subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) An explanation of how Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift could survive against the effects of anti-armor and anti-aircraft networks established within anti-access, area-denial defenses. (2) An explanation of how Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift would improve offensive overmatch against a peer adversary. (3) Details regarding the total number of Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift systems needed by the Army. (4) An explanation of how these systems will be logistically supported within light formations. (5) Plans to integrate active protection systems into the designs of such systems. SEC. 237. IMPROVEMENT OF THE AIR FORCE SUP-PLY CHAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics may use funds described in subsection (b) as follows: (1) For nontraditional technologies and sustainment practices (such as additive man-ufacturing, artificial intelligence, predictive maintenance, nad other software-intensive and software-defined capabilities) to— (A) increase the availability of aircraft to the Air Force; and (B) decrease backlogs and lead times for the production of parts for such aircraft. (2) To advance the qualification, certifi-cation, and integration of additive manufac-turing into the Air Force supply chain. (3) To otherwise identify and reduce supply chain risk for the Air Force. (4) To define workforce development re-quirements and training for personnel who implement and support additive manufac-turing for the Air Force at the warfighter, end-item designer and equipment operator, and acquisition officer levels. (b) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by sec-tion 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Air Force and available for Tech Transition Program (Program Ele-ment (0604858F)), up to $42,800,000 may be available as described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 238. REVIEW OF GUIDANCE ON BLAST EXPO-SURE DURING TRAINING. 
(a) I NITIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall review the firing limits for heavy weapons during training exercises. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (a) shall take into account cur-rent data and evidence on the cognitive ef-fects of blast exposure and shall include con-sideration of the following: (1) The impact of exposure over multiple successive days of training. (2) The impact of multiple types of heavy weapons being fired in close succession. (3) The feasibility of cumulative annual or lifetime exposure limits. (4) The minimum safe distance for observ-ers and instructors. (c) U
PDATED TRAINING GUIDANCE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the com-pletion of the review under subsection (a), each Secretary of a military department shall update any relevant training guidance to account for the conclusions of the review. (d) U
PDATED REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once every two years after the initial review conducted under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense shall conduct an updated review under such subsection, including con-sideration of the matters set forth under subsection (b), and update training guidance under subsection (c). (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF NEW RESEARCH AND  
EVIDENCE .—Each updated review conducted under paragraph (1) shall take into account new research and evidence that has emerged since the previous review. (e) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committees on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3057 June 6, 2018 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on a summary of the re-sults of the initial review under subsection (a), each updated review conducted under subsection (d), and any updates to training guidance and procedures resulting from any such review or updated review. 
SEC. 239. LIST OF TECHNOLOGIES AND MANU-FACTURING CAPABILITIES CRITICAL TO ARMED FORCES. 
(a) L ISTREQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall develop a list of technologies and manufacturing capabilities critical to the Armed Forces. (b) P
RIMARY EMPHASIS .—In developing such list, primary emphasis shall be given to— (1) research, development, design, and manufacturing expertise; (2) research, development, design, and manufacturing equipment and unique facili-ties; (3) goods and services associated with or enabled by research, development, operation, application, manufacturing, or maintenance expertise, which are not possessed by coun-tries to which exports are controlled and which, if exported or otherwise transferred, would permit a significant advance in the military capabilities of any such country; and (4) emerging technology areas supportive of military requirements and strategies. (c) S
PECIFICITY .—The shall ensure that the list required by subsection (a) is sufficiently specific to guide the recommendations of the Secretary in any interagency determinations on exercising export licensing, technology transfer, or foreign investment. (d) P
UBLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary shall publish the list required by subsection (a) and continuously update such list thereafter as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) F
ORM.—The list published under para-graph (1) shall be published in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 240. REPORT ON REQUIRING ACCESS TO DIGITAL TECHNICAL DATA IN FU-TURE ACQUISITIONS OF COMBAT, COMBAT SERVICE, AND COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEMS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of requiring access to dig-ital technical data in all future acquisitions by the Department of Defense of combat, combat service, and combat support systems, including front-end negotiations for such ac-cess. Such report shall include a digital data standard for technical data for use by equip-ment manufacturers and the Department with regard to three-dimensional printed parts. 
SEC. 241. COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION STRATEGY FOR BRADLEY FIGHTING VEHICLE TRANSMISSION REPLACEMENT. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall develop a strategy to competi-tively procure a new transmission for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle family of vehicles. (b) A
DDITIONAL STRATEGY REQUIREMENTS .— The plan required by subsection (a) shall in-clude the following: (1) An analysis of the potential cost sav-ings and performance improvements associ-ated with developing or procuring a new transmission common to the Bradley Fight-ing Vehicle family of vehicles, including the Armored Multipurpose Vehicle and the Pal-adin Integrated Management artillery sys-tem. (2) A plan to use full and open competition to the maximum extent practicable. (c) T
IMELINE .—Not later than February 15, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy developed under subsection (a). (d) LIMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army, may be obligated or ex-pended to procure a Bradley Fighting Vehi-cle replacement transmission until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Army submits to the con-gressional defense committees the plan re-quired by subsection (a). 
SEC. 242. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF ELEC-TRONIC WARFARE PLANS AND PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) A GREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with the private scientific advisory group known as ‘‘JASON’’ to perform the services covered by this section. (2) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into the agreement described in para-graph (1) not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Under an agreement between the Secretary and JASON under this section, JASON shall— (1) assess the strategies, programs, order of battle, and doctrine of the United States re-lated to the electronic warfare mission area and electromagnetic spectrum operations; (2) assess the strategies, programs, order of battle, and doctrine of potential adversaries, such as China, Iran, and the Russian Federa-tion, related to the same; (3) develop recommendations for improve-ments to the strategies, programs, and doc-trine of the United States in order to enable the United States to achieve and maintain superiority in the electromagnetic spectrum in future conflicts; and (4) develop recommendations for the Sec-retary, Congress, and such other Federal en-tities as JASON considers appropriate, in-cluding recommendations for— (A) closing technical, policy, or resource gaps; (B) improving cooperation and appropriate integration among Federal entities; (C) improving cooperation between the United States and other countries and inter-national organizations; and (D) such other important matters identi-fied by JASON that are directly relevant to the strategies of the United States described in paragraph (3). (c) L
IAISONS .—The Secretary shall appoint appropriate liaisons to JASON to support the timely conduct of the services covered by this section. (d) M
ATERIALS .—The Secretary shall pro-vide access to JASON to materials relevant to the services covered by this section, con-sistent with the protection of sources and methods and other critically sensitive infor-mation. (e) C
LEARANCES .—The Secretary shall en-sure that appropriate members and staff of JASON have the necessary clearances, ob-tained in an expedited manner, to conduct the services covered by this section. (f) R
EPORT .—Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on— (1) the findings of JASON with respect to the assessments carried out under subsection (b); and (2) the recommendations developed by JASON pursuant to such subsection. (g) A
LTERNATE CONTRACT SCIENTIFIC ORGA-
NIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary is unable within the period prescribed in paragraph (2) of subsection (a) to enter into an agreement described in paragraph (1) of such subsection with JASON on terms acceptable to the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall seek to enter into such agreement with another appropriate scientific organization that— (A) is not part of the Government; and (B) has expertise and objectivity com-parable to that of JASON. (2) TREATMENT .—If the Secretary enters into an agreement with another organization as described in paragraph (1), any reference in this section to JASON shall be treated as a reference to the other organization. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for oper-ation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. FURTHER IMPROVEMENTS TO ENERGY SECURITY AND RESILIENCE. 
(a) E NERGY POLICY AUTHORITY .—Section 2911(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) establish metrics and standards for the assessment of energy resilience; ‘‘(2) require the Secretary of a military de-partment to perform mission assurance and readiness assessments of energy power sys-tems for mission critical assets and sup-porting infrastructure, applying uniform mission standards established by the Sec-retary of Defense;’’. (b) R
EPORTING ON ENERGY SECURITY AND  R
ESILIENCE GOALS .—Section 2911(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense shall include the energy security and resilience goals of the Department of Defense in the installa-tion energy report submitted under section 2925(a) of this title for fiscal year 2018 and every fiscal year thereafter. In the develop-ment of energy security and resilience goals, the Department of Defense shall conform with the definitions of energy security and resilience under this title. The report shall include the amount of critical energy load, together with the level of availability and reliability by fiscal year the Department of Defense deems necessary to achieve energy security and resilience.’’. (c) R
EPORTING ON INSTALLATIONS ENERGY  M
ANAGEMENT , ENERGY RESILIENCE , AND MIS-
SION ASSURANCE .—Section 2925(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, including progress on en-ergy resilience at military installations ac-cording to metrics developed by the Sec-retary’’ after ‘‘under section 2911 of this title’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the mis-sion requirements associated with disruption tolerances based on risk to mission’’ and in-serting ‘‘the downtimes (in minutes or hours) these missions can afford based on their mission requirements and risk toler-ances’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(includ-ing critical energy loads in megawatts and the associated downtime tolerances for crit-ical energy loads)’’ after ‘‘energy require-ments and critical energy requirements’’; (4) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (7); and (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) A list of energy resilience projects awarded by the Department of Defense by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3058 June 6, 2018 
military department and military installa-tion, whether appropriated or alternative fi-nanced for the reporting fiscal year, includ-ing project description, award date, the crit-ical energy requirements serviced (including critical energy loads in megawatts), ex-pected reliability of the project (as indicated in the awarded contract), life cycle costs, savings to investment, fuel type, and the type of appropriation or alternative financ-ing used. ‘‘(6) A list of energy resilience projects planned by the Department of Defense by military department and military installa-tion, whether appropriated or alternative fi-nanced for the next two fiscal years, includ-ing project description, fuel type, expected award date, and the type of appropriation or alternative financing expected for use.’’. (d) I
NCLUSION OF ENERGY SECURITY AND RE-
SILIENCE AS PRIORITIES IN CONTRACTS FOR EN-
ERGY OR FUEL FOR MILITARY INSTALLA -
TIONS .—Section 2922a(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) The Secretary concerned shall ensure energy security and resilience are prioritized and included in the provision and operation of energy production facilities under this section.’’. (e) C
ONVEYANCE AUTHORITY FOR UTILITY  S
YSTEMS .—Section 2688 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of a military department’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary of Defense, or the Secretary of a military department designated by the Secretary,’’; (2) in subsection (d)(2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The business case anal-ysis must also demonstrate how a privatized system will operate in a manner consistent with subsection (g)(3).’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary concerned may require’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall require’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘consistent with energy re-silience requirements and metrics’’ and in-serting ‘‘consistent with energy resilience and cybersecurity requirements and associ-ated metrics’’. (f) M
ODIFICATION OF ENERGY RESILIENCE  D
EFINITION .—Section 101(e)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘task critical assets and other’’. (g) A
UTHORITY TOACCEPT ENERGY PER-
FORMANCE FINANCIAL INCENTIVES FROMSTATE  
ANDLOCAL GOVERNMENTS .—Section 2913(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘a State or local government’’ after ‘‘generally available from’’. (h) T
REATMENT OF ENERGY DEMAND RE-
SPONSE FINANCIAL INCENTIVES .—Paragraph (2) of section 2919(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) credited to an appropriation des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense, sub-mitted in the annual President’s budget re-quest, merged with the appropriation to which credited, and available for energy se-curity or energy resilience projects.’’. (i) U
SE OF ENERGY COSTSAVINGS TOIMPLE -
MENT ENERGY RESILIENCE AND ENERGY CON-
SERVATION CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS .—Section 2912(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including energy re-silience and energy conservation construc-tion projects,’’ after ‘‘energy security meas-ures’’. (j) A
DDITIONAL BASIS FOR PRESERVATION OF  P
ROPERTY IN THE VICINITY OF MILITARY IN-
STALLATIONS IN AGREEMENTS WITHNON-FED-
ERAL ENTITIES ON USE OF SUCHPROPERTY .— Section 2684a(a)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)(i)’’; and (2) by adding at the end of the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) maintains or improves military in-stallation resilience; or’’. SEC. 312. FUNDING OF STUDY AND ASSESSMENT OF HEALTH IMPLICATIONS OF PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUB-STANCES CONTAMINATION IN DRINKING WATER BY AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE REGISTRY. 
Paragraph (2) of section 316(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(A) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The study and as-sessment performed pursuant to this section may be paid for using funds authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘Operation and Mainte-nance, Defense-Wide’. ‘‘(B) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—(i) Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018, not more than $10,000,000 shall be trans-ferred by the Secretary of Defense, without regard to section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to pay for the study and as-sessment required by this section. ‘‘(ii) Without regard to section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of De-fense may transfer not more than $10,000,000 a year during fiscal years 2019 and 2020 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to pay for the study and assessment required by this section. ‘‘(C) E
XPENDITURE AUTHORITY .—Amounts transferred to the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall be used to carry out the study and assessment under this section through contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants. In addition, such funds may be transferred by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to other accounts of the De-partment for the purposes of carrying out this section. ‘‘(D) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER TRANSFER AU -
THORITIES .—The transfer authority provided under this paragraph is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the De-partment of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 313. MILITARY MISSION SUSTAINMENT SITING CLEARINGHOUSE. 
(a) C HANGE IN NAME OF CLEARINGHOUSE .— Section 183a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘Military Aviation and Installation Assurance Clearinghouse for review of mission obstruc-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse for review of energy projects’’; and (2) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Military Aviation and Installation Assurance Siting Clearinghouse’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse’’. (b) R
ESPONSIBLE OFFICIAL .—Subsection (a) of such section is further amended, in para-graph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘control of an As-sistant Secretary of Defense designated by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘control of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment’’. (c) F
UNCTIONS .—Subsection (b) of such sec-tion is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Clearinghouse shall coordinate Department of Defense consideration of and response to requests for reviews received from other Federal agencies, State govern-ments, Indian tribal governments, local gov-ernments, landowners, and developers of en-ergy projects.’’. (d) REVIEW OF PROPOSED ACTIONS .—Sub- section (c) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding any potential negative impacts on pilot safety and training’’ after ‘‘military op-erations and readiness’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding any potential negative impacts on pilot safety and training,’’ after ‘‘risks to na-tional security’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and the relevant local military installation’’ after ‘‘notice to the governor of the State’’. (e) I
DENTIFICATION OF ACTIONS TOMITIGATE  A
LLADVERSE IMPACTS .—Subsection (d)(2)(F) is amended by inserting ‘‘all’’ before ‘‘ad-verse impacts of projects filed’’. (f) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FINDING OF  U
NACCEPTABLE RISK.—Subsection (e)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding unacceptable risk to pilot safety and unacceptable loss of training days’’ after ‘‘risk to the national security of the United States’’. (g) D
EFINITION OF ADVERSE IMPACT ON MILI-
TARY OPERATIONS AND READINESS .—Sub- section (h)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘pilot safety,’’ after ‘‘including flight operations,’’. (h) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 183a and in-serting the following: ‘‘183a. Military Mission Sustainment Siting Clearinghouse for review of en-ergy projects.’’. 
SEC. 314. OPERATIONAL ENERGY POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2926 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) as subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), re-spectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (c), as re-designated by paragraph (1), the following new subsections: ‘‘(a) O
PERATIONAL ENERGY POLICY .—In car- rying out section 2911(a) of this title, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure the types, availability, and use of operational energy promote the readiness of the armed forces for their military missions. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITIES .—The Secretary of De-fense may— ‘‘(1) require the Secretary of a military de-partment or the commander of a combatant command to assess the energy supportability of systems, capabilities, and plans; ‘‘(2) authorize the use of energy security, cost of backup power, and energy resilience as factors in the cost-benefit analysis for procurement of operational equipment; and ‘‘(3) in selecting equipment that will use operational energy, give favorable consider-ation to the acquisition of equipment that enhances energy security, energy resilience, energy conservation, and reduces logistical vulnerabilities.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), as redesignated by subparagraph (A)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘A
LTERNATIVE FUELACTIVITIES ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘F
UNCTIONS OF THE ASSISTANT SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ENERGY , INSTALLA -
TIONS , ANDENVIRONMENT ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘heads of the military de-partments and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering’’ and inserting ‘‘heads of the appropriate Depart-ment of Defense components’’; (C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘lead the alternative fuels activities’’ and inserting ‘‘oversee the operational energy activities’’; (D) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘regarding the development of alternative fuels by the military departments and the Office of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3059 June 6, 2018 
Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘regard-ing the policies and investments that affect the use of operational energy across the De-partment of Defense’’; (E) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘prescribe policy to streamline the investments in al-ternative fuel activities across the Depart-ment of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘recommend to the Secretary policy to improve warfighting capability through energy secu-rity and energy resilience’’; and (F) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-section (c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)(4)’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 2925(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2926(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2926(d)’’. (2) Section 1061(c)(55) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2926(c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2926(e)(4)’’. 
SEC. 315. FUNDING TREATMENT OF PERFLUOROOCTANE SULFONIC ACID AND PERFLUOROOCTANOIC ACID AT STATE-OWNED AND OPER-ATED NATIONAL GUARD INSTALLA-TIONS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary concerned may provide for the treat-ment of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in drinking water from wells owned and operated by a local water authority undertaken to attain the lifetime health advisory level for such acids in drinking water. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary concerned may only provide for the treatment of drinking water pursuant to subsection (a) if— (1) the local water authority has requested such treatment from the Secretary during the fiscal year when the treatment is pro-vided; (2) the elevated levels of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in the drinking water are the result of activi-ties conducted by or paid for by the Depart-ment of the Army or the Department of the Air Force at a State-owned National Guard installation; (3) such treatment takes place only during the fiscal year in which the request was made; (4) the local water authority waives all claims against the United States and the Na-tional Guard for treatment expenses in-curred before the fiscal year during which the treatment is taking place; and (5) the cost of any treatment provided pur-suant to subsection (a) does not exceed the actual cost of the treatment attributable to the activities conducted by or paid for by the Department of the Army or the Department of the Air Force, as the case may be. (c) E
XISTING AGREEMENTS .—Treatment of drinking water pursuant to subsection (a) may be provided without regard to existing contractual provisions in agreements be-tween the Department of the Army, the De-partment of the Air Force, or the National Guard Bureau, as the case may be, and the State in which the base is located relating to environmental response actions or indem-nification. (d) A
UTHORITY TOENTER INTO AGREE -
MENTS .—The Secretary concerned may enter into such grants, cooperative agreements, or contracts with a local water authority as may be necessary to implement this section. (e) U
SE OF DSMOA.—Using up to $45,000,000 of the funds authorized to be appropriated by section 301 for operation and maintenance, the Secretary concerned may pay, utilizing an existing Defense-State Memorandum of Agreement, costs that would otherwise be el-igible for payment under that agreement. (f) TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thority under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2021. (g) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—Notwith- standing paragraphs (1), (3), (4) of subsection (b), the Secretary concerned may reimburse a local water authority or a State for the treatment of drinking water pursuant to this section if— (1) the local water authority or state re-quested such a payment from the National Guard Bureau prior to March 1, 2018, or the National Guard Bureau was aware of a treat-ment plan by the local water authority or state prior to that date; and (2) the local water authority or the State, as the case may be, waives all claims against the United States and the National Guard for treatment expenses incurred before January 1, 2018. (h) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR RESPONSE AC -
TIONS .—Section 2701(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or pol-lutants or contaminants’’ after ‘‘releases of hazardous substances’’. (2) D
EFINITION OF FACILITY .—Section 2700(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The terms ‘environment’, ‘facility’,’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) The terms ‘en-vironment’,’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) The term ‘facility’— ‘‘(i) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 101 of CERCLA (42 U.S.C. 9601); and ‘‘(ii) includes real property which is owned by, leased, to, or otherwise possessed by the United States at locations conducting mili-tary activities under the authority of either this title or title 32.’’. (i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) L
IFETIME HEALTH ADVISORY .—The term ‘‘lifetime health advisory’’ means the United States Environmental Protection Agency Lifetime Health Advisory for the presence of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in drinking water. (2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means the Secretary of the Army or the Secretary of the Air Force. (3) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means any of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands. (4) S
TATE -OWNED NATIONAL GUARD INSTAL -
LATION .—The term ‘‘State-owned National Guard installation’’ means a facility or site owned or operated by a State when such fa-cility or site is used for training the Na-tional Guard pursuant to chapter 5 of title 32, United States Code, with funds provided by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department, even though the Department of Defense is not the owner or operator of such facility or site. Subtitle C—Reports 
SEC. 321. REPORTS ON READINESS. 
(a) U NIFORM APPLICABILITY OF READINESS  R
EPORTING SYSTEM .—Subsection (b) of sec-tion 117 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and maintaining’’ after ‘‘establishing’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘reporting system is applied uniformly throughout the Department of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘re-porting system and associated policies are applied uniformly throughout the Depart-ment of Defense, including between and among the joint staff and each of the armed forces’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) that is the single authoritative readi-ness reporting system for the Department, and that there shall be no military service specific systems; ‘‘(3) that readiness assessments are accom-plished at an organizational level at, or below, the level at which forces are em-ployed; ‘‘(4) that the reporting system include re-sources information, force posture, and mis-sion centric capability assessments, as well as predicted changes to these attributes;’’; and (5) in paragraph (5), as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘, or element of a unit,’’ after ‘‘readiness status of a unit’’. (b) CAPABILITIES OF READINESS REPORTING  S
YSTEM .—Such section is further amended in subsection (c)— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on a monthly basis, the capability of units’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure the readiness of units’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘conduct their assigned wartime missions’’ and inserting ‘‘conduct their designed and assigned missions’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘wartime missions’’ and in-serting ‘‘designed and assigned missions’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘wartime missions’’ and in-serting ‘‘designed and assigned missions’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Measure, on a monthly basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Meas-ure’’; (5) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Meas-ure’’; (6) by striking paragraphs (6) and (8) and redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6); and (7) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Measure, on a quarterly basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’. (c) S
EMI-ANNUAL AND MONTHLY JOINT READ-
INESS REVIEWS .—Such section is further amended in subsection (d)(1)(A) by inserting ‘‘, which includes a validation of readiness data currency and accuracy’’ after ‘‘joint readiness review’’. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON CHANGE IN CUR-
RENT STATE OF UNITREADINESS .—Such sec-tion is further amended— (1) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘S
UBMIS -
SION TO CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES ’’ and in- serting ‘‘Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON JOINT READI-
NESS’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (h); and (3) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) Q
UARTERLY REPORT ON MONTHLY  C
HANGES IN CURRENT STATE OF READINESS OF  U
NITS.—The Secretary shall each quarter submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on each monthly upgrade or downgrade of the current state of readiness of a unit that was issued by the commander of a unit during the previous quarter, to-gether with the rationale of the commander for the issuance of such upgrade or down-grade.’’. (e) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS ON OPER-
ATIONAL CONTRACT SUPPORT .—Such section is further amended by inserting after sub-section (f), as added by subsection (d) of this section, the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT ON OPERATIONAL CON-
TRACT SUPPORT .—The Secretary shall each year submit to the congressional defense committees a report in writing containing the results of the most recent annual meas-urement of the capability of operational con-tract support to support current and antici-pated wartime missions of the armed forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3060 June 6, 2018 
Each such report shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex.’’. (f) R
EGULATIONS .—Such section is further amended in subsection (h), as redesignated by subsection (d) of this section, by striking ‘‘prescribe the units that are subject to re-porting in the readiness reporting system, what type of equipment is subject to such re-porting’’ and inserting ‘‘prescribe the estab-lished information technology system for Department of Defense reporting, specifi-cally authorize exceptions to a single-system architecture, and identify the organizations, units, and entities that are subject to report-ing in the readiness reporting system, what organization resources are subject to such reporting’’. (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—Such section is fur-ther amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘: establishment; reporting to con-gressional committees’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 2 is amend-ed by striking the item relating to section 117 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘117. Readiness reporting system.’’. 
SEC. 322. REPORT ON COLD WEATHER CAPABILI-TIES AND READINESS OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the current cold weather capabilities and readiness of the United States Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of current cold weather capabilities and training to support United States military operations in cold climates across the joint force. (2) A description of anticipated require-ments for United States military operations in cold and extreme cold weather in the Arc-tic, Northeast Asia, and Northern and East-ern Europe. (3) A description of the current cold weath-er readiness of the joint force, the ability to increase cold weather training across the joint force, and any equipment, infrastruc-ture, personnel, or resource limitations or gaps that may exist. (4) An analysis of potential opportunities to expand cold weather training for the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, and the Ma-rine Corps and the resources or infrastruc-ture required for such expansion. (5) An analysis of potential cold weather amphibious landing locations, including the potential for a combined arms live fire exer-cise. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 331. PILOT PROGRAMS ON INTEGRATION OF MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT AND CIVIL AFFAIRS ACTIVITIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAMS AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The commander of any ge-ographic combatant command designated by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section, and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command if so designated, may carry out one or more pilot programs designed to assess the feasability and advisability of integrating military in-formation support and civil affairs in sup-port of the theater campaign plans of such combatant command. (2) C
ONCURRENCE OF CHIEFS OF MISSION .— Activities under a pilot program under this section may be carried out in a country only with the concurrence of the Chief of Mission for that country. (b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BOTH MILITARY IN-
FORMATION SUPPORT AND CIVIL AFFAIRS CA-
PABILITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), each pilot program under this section shall include both a mili-tary information support capability and a civil affairs capability. (2) N
O MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT CA -
PABILITY .—A pilot program may be carried out in a region or country in which no mili-tary information support capability is de-ployed if the program is complemented by a Department of State public diplomacy effort that contributes to the fulfillment of the ob-jectives of the commander of the combatant command concerned to convey information to foreign audiences in the region or county to influence their emotions, motives, objec-tive reasoning, and behavior in support of the applicable theater campaign plan. (3) N
O CIVIL AFFAIRS CAPABILITY .—A pilot program may be carried out in a region or country in which no civil affairs capability is deployed if the program is complemented by an effort of the Department of State or the United States Agency for International De-velopment to contribute to the fulfillment of the objectives of the commander of the com-batant command concerned to reestablish or maintain stability within the region or coun-try in support of the applicable theater cam-paign plan. (4) P
LAN.—In the event a pilot program will be carried out pursuant to paragraph (2) or (3), planning for the pilot program shall include an explanation of concept, budget, timeline, and metrics for measuring the ef-fectiveness of activities of the Department of State or United States Agency for Inter-national Development, as applicable, under the pilot program. (c) D
URATION .—The authority to carry out pilot programs under this section shall cease on September 30, 2023. (d) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the last day of each of fiscal year 2019 through 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the pilot programs carried out under this section during the preceding fiscal year. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under this sub-section shall include, for the fiscal year cov-ered by such report, the following: (A) A list of all pilot programs carried out, set forth by combatant command. (B) A list of all pilot programs commenced, set forth by combatant command. (C) The amount of funds provided for each pilot program carried out. (D) The objectives of each pilot program carried out, and the metrics used or to be used to measure the effectiveness of such pilot program. (E) A description of the manner in which each pilot program carried out supports the applicable theater campaign plan of the com-manders of the combatant command con-cerned. (F) If a pilot program was concluded, an as-sessment of the value of the program, a de-scription and assessment of lessons learned through the program, and any recommenda-tions the Secretary considers appropriate for follow-on efforts in connection with the pro-gram. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amounts author-ized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance and available for the combatant commands, an aggregate of $20,000,000 may be used in each such fiscal year by each such combatant command for pilot programs under this sec-tion. (2) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT FOR PARTICULAR  
PROGRAMS .—The amount expended on any particular pilot program may not exceed $2,000,000. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
IVIL AFFAIRS .—The term ‘‘civil affairs’’ means activities intended to establish, main-tain, influence, or exploit relations between military forces, indigenous populations, and institutions by directly supporting the at-tainment of objectives relating to the rees-tablishment or maintenance of stability within a region or country. (2) M
ILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT .—The term ‘‘military information support’’ means operations to convey selected information and indicators to foreign audiences to influ-ence their emotions, motives, objective rea-soning, and ultimately the behavior of for-eign governments, organizations, groups, and individuals in a manner favorable to the ob-jectives of those planning such operations. (3) T
HEATER CAMPAIGN PLAN .—The term ‘‘theater campaign plan’’ means a plan de-veloped by a combatant command for the steady-state activities of the command, in-cluding operations, security cooperation, and other activities designed to achieve strategic end states in the theater. 
SEC. 332. REPORTING ON FUTURE YEARS BUDG-ETING BY SUBACTIVITY GROUP. 
Along with the budget for each fiscal year submitted by the President pursuant to sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall include in the OP-5 Justification Books as detailed by Department of Defense Financial Manage-ment Regulation 7000.14-R the amount for each individual subactivity group (SAG) as detailed in the Department’s future years de-fense program pursuant to section 221 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 333. RESTRICTION ON UPGRADES TO AVIA-TION DEMONSTRATION TEAM AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may not upgrade the type, model, or series of air-craft used by a military service for its fixed wing aviation demonstration teams, includ-ing Blue Angel and Thunderbird aircraft, until the service’s active and reserve duty squadrons and weapon training schools have replaced 100 percent of the existing type, model, and series of aircraft. (b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may, upon written notice to the con-gressional defense committees, waive the prohibition under subsection (a) for the pur-pose of carrying out upgrades to the type, model, or series of the aircraft described under such subsection that are necessary to ensure the safety of pilots. 
SEC. 334. U.S. SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND CIVILIAN PERSONNEL. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide for U.S. Special Operations Command civilian personnel, not less than $6,200,000 shall be used to fund the detail of civilian personnel to the office of the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Special Oper-ations and Low-Intensity Conflict to support the Secretariat for Special Operations. 
SEC. 335. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR SERVICE-SPECIFIC DE-FENSE READINESS REPORTING SYS-TEMS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for operation and maintenance, research, development, test, and evaluation, or procurement, and avail-able to operate service specific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems (DRRS) may be made available for such purpose except for required maintenance and in order to fa-cilitate the transition to DRRS-Strategic (DRRS-S). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3061 June 6, 2018 
(b) P LAN.—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Under Secretary for Personnel and Read-iness shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a resource and funding plan to include a schedule with relevant milestones on the elimination of service-spe-cific DRRS and the migration of the military services and other organizations to DRRS-S. (c) T
RANSITION .—The military services shall complete the transition to DRRS-S not later than October 1, 2019. The Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional de-fense committees upon the complete transi-tion of the services. (d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, the Under Sec-retary for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Under Secretary for Research and Engi-neering, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and other orga-nizations with relevant technical expertise, shall establish a working group including in-dividuals with expertise in application or software development, data science, testing, and development and assessment of perform-ance metrics to assess the current process for collecting, analyzing, and commu-nicating readiness data, and develop a strat-egy for implementing any recommended changes to improve and establish readiness metrics using the current DRRS-Strategic platform. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include— (A) identification of modern tools, meth-ods, and approaches to readiness to more ef-fectively and efficiently collect, analyze, and make decision based on readiness data; and (B) consideration of cost and schedule. (3) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than February 1, 2020, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees the assessment conducted pursuant to paragraph (1). (e) D
EFENSE READINESS REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS .—To the maximum extent prac-ticable, the Secretary of Defense shall meet defense readiness reporting requirements consistent with the recommendations of the working group established under subsection (d)(1). 
SEC. 336. REPURPOSING AND REUSE OF SURPLUS ARMY FIREARMS. 
Section 348(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1365) is amended by in-serting ‘‘shredded or’’ before ‘‘melted and repurposed’’. 
SEC. 337. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF AD-DITIONAL SPECIALIZED UNDER-GRADUATE PILOT TRAINING FACIL-ITY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2019 for Specialized Un-dergraduate Pilot Training for the Air Force (referred to in this section as ‘‘SUPT’’) no funds may be used to enter into a contract for the procurement of equipment, facilities, real property, or services to establish a new SUPT location in the United States until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense com-mittees the certification described under subsection (b). (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification re-ferred to in subsection (a) is a certification that— (1) existing SUPT installations are oper-ating at maximum capacity in terms of pilot production; and (2) the Air Force plans to operate existing SUPT installations at maximum capacity over the future years defense program. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on existing SUPT production, resourcing, and locations. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description of the strategy of the Air Force for utilizing existing SUPT locations to produce the number of pilots the Air Force requires. (B) The number of pilots that each SUPT location has graduated, by year, over the previous 5 fiscal years. (C) The forecast number of pilots that each SUPT location will produce for fiscal year 2019. (D) The maximum production capacity of each SUPT location. (E) A cost estimate of the resources re-quired for each SUPT location to reach max-imum production capacity. (F) A determination as to whether increas-ing production capacity at existing SUPT lo-cations will satisfy the Air Force’s SUPT re-quirement. (G) A timeline and cost estimation of es-tablishing a new SUPT location. (H) A business case analysis comparing the establishment of a new SUPT location to in-creasing production capacity at existing SUPT locations. 
SEC. 338. SCOPE OF AUTHORITY FOR RESTORA-TION OF LAND DUE TO MISHAP. 
Subsection (e) of section 2691 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 2814 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1849), is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) The authority under paragraphs (1) and (2) includes activities and expenditures necessary to complete restoration to meet the regulations of the Federal department or agency with administrative jurisdiction over the affected land, which may be different than the regulations of the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 339. REDESIGNATION OF THE UTAH TEST AND TRAINING RANGE (UTTR). 
The Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR) located in northwestern Utah and eastern Nevada may be redesignated. Subtitle E—Logistics and Sustainment 
SEC. 351. LIMITATION ON MODIFICATIONS TO NAVY FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, AND MODERNIZA-TION (FSRM) STRUCTURE AND MECHANISM. 
The Secretary of the Navy may not make any modification to the existing Navy Fa-cilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Mod-ernization (FSRM) structure or mechanism that would modify duty relationships or sig-nificantly alter the existing structure until 90 days after providing notice of the proposed modification to the congressional defense committees. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2019, as follows: (1) The Army, 485,741. (2) The Navy, 331,900. (3) The Marine Corps, 186,100. (4) The Air Force, 325,720. 
SEC. 402. END STRENGTHS FOR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS ON ACTIVE DUTY IN CER-TAIN GRADES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for commissioned officers on ac-tive duty as of September 30, 2019, in the grades as follows in the number specified: (1) The Army: (A) Colonel, 3,970. (B) Lieutenant colonel, 8,700. (C) Major, 15,470. (2) The Navy: (A) Captain, 3,060. (B) Commander, 6,670. (C) Lieutenant commander, 11,010. (3) The Marine Corps: (A) Colonel, 650. (B) Lieutenant colonel, 1,910. (C) Major, 3,920. (4) The Air Force: (A) Colonel, 3,450. (B) Lieutenant colonel, 10,270. (C) Major, 13,920. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces SEC. 411. END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are au-thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2019, as follows: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 343,500. (2) The Army Reserve, 199,500. (3) The Navy Reserve, 59,000. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,500. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 106,600. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 69,800. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) E
NDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Selected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— (1) the total authorized strength of units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on ac-tive duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and (2) the total number of individual members not in units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for unsatisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. (c) E
NDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever units or individual members of the Selected Reserve of any reserve component are re-leased from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased propor-tionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON AC-TIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RE-SERVES. 
Within the end strengths prescribed in sec-tion 411(a), the reserve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of Sep-tember 30, 2019, the following number of Re-serves to be serving on full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of orga-nizing, administering, recruiting, instruct-ing, or training the reserve components: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 30,155. (2) The Army Reserve, 16,261. (3) The Navy Reserve, 10,101. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,261. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 19,450. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 3,588. 
SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military techni-cians (dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2019 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3062 June 6, 2018 
(1) For the Army National Guard of the United States, 22,294. (2) For the Army Reserve, 6,492. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United States, 18,969. (4) For the Air Force Reserve, 8,880. 
SEC. 414. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
During fiscal year 2019, the maximum num-ber of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under section 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 17,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 16,000. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for mili-tary personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of ap-propriations (definite or indefinite) for such purpose for fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 422. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR PERSONNEL IN FISCAL YEAR 2019 IN EXCESS OF STATUTORILY SPECI-FIED END STRENGTHS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this title, funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for military personnel may be not obligated or expended for a number of mili-tary personnel covered by an end strength in title IV of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) in excess of such end strength until the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees the re-port required under subsection (b) of section 1041. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy PART I—OFFICER PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT REFORM 
SEC. 501. REPEAL OF CODIFIED SPECIFICATION OF AUTHORIZED STRENGTHS OF CERTAIN COMMISSIONED OFFICERS ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
Effective as of October 1, 2018, the text of section 523 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘The total number of commissioned offi-cers serving on active duty in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps in each of the grades of major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel, or in the Navy in each of the grades of lieutenant commander, commander, or captain, at the end of any fiscal year shall be as specifically authorized by Act of Congress for such fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 502. ANNUAL DEFENSE MANPOWER RE-QUIREMENTS REPORT MATTERS. 
(a) D ATE OF SUBMITTAL .—Subsection (a) of section 115a of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘not later than 45 days after the date on which’’ and inserting ‘‘on the date on which’’. (b) S
PECIFICATION OF ANTICIPATED OPPOR -
TUNITIES FOR PROMOTION OF COMMISSIONED  OFFICERS .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended by adding the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) The opportunities for promotion of commissioned officers anticipated to be esti-mated pursuant to section 623(b)(4) of this title for the fiscal year in which such report is submitted for purposes of promotion selec-tion boards convened pursuant to section 611 of this title during such fiscal year.’’. (c) E
NUMERATION OF REQUIRED NUMBERS OF  C
ERTAIN COMMISSIONED OFFICERS .—Such sec- tion is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) In each such report, the Secretary shall also include a separate statement of the number of officers required for the next fiscal year in each grade as follows: ‘‘(1) Major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel of each of the Army, the Air Force, and the Marine Corps. ‘‘(2) Lieutenant commander, commander, and captain of the Navy.’’. 
SEC. 503. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR ABIL-ITY TO COMPLETE 20 YEARS OF SERVICE BY AGE 62 AS QUALIFICA-TION FOR ORIGINAL APPOINTMENT AS A REGULAR COMMISSIONED OF-FICER. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subsection (a) of section 532 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respec-tively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such section is further amended by striking subsection (d). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to original appointments of regular commissioned officers of the Armed Forces made on or after that date. 
SEC. 504. ENHANCEMENT OF AVAILABILITY OF CONSTRUCTIVE SERVICE CREDIT FOR PRIVATE SECTOR TRAINING OR EXPERIENCE UPON ORIGINAL AP-POINTMENT AS A COMMISSIONED OFFICER. 
(a) R EGULAR OFFICERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 533 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (D) and inserting the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) Additional credit for special training or experience in a particular officer career field as designated by the Secretary con-cerned, if such training or experience is di-rectly related to the operational needs of the armed force concerned.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as authorized by the Secretary concerned in individual cases and under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary of Defense in the case of a medical or dental officer, the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘The amount’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in the grade of major in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps or lieutenant commander in the Navy’’ and in-serting ‘‘in the grade of colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps or captain in the Navy’’. (2) R
EPEAL OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY FOR  
SERVICE CREDIT FOR CRITICALLY NECESSARY  
CYBERSPACE -RELATED EXPERIENCE .—Such sec- tion is further amended— (A) in subsections (a)(2) and (c), by striking ‘‘or (g)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (g). (b) R
ESERVE OFFICERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 12207 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-graph (D) and inserting the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) Additional credit for special training or experience in a particular officer career field as designated by the Secretary con-cerned, if such training or experience is di-rectly related to the operational needs of the armed force concerned.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) The amount of constructive service credit credited to an officer under this sub-section may not exceed the amount required in order for the officer to be eligible for an original appointment as a reserve officer of the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps in the grade of colonel or as a reserve officer of the Navy in the grade of captain.’’. (2) REPEAL OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY FOR  
SERVICE CREDIT FOR CRITICALLY NECESSARY  
CYBERSPACE -RELATED EXPERIENCE .—Such sec- tion is further amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (C) in subsection (e), as redesignated by subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, (d), or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (d)’’. 
SEC. 505. STANDARDIZED TEMPORARY PRO-MOTION AUTHORITY ACROSS THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS FOR OFFI-CERS IN CERTAIN GRADES WITH CRITICAL SKILLS. 
(a) S TANDARDIZED TEMPORARY PROMOTION  A
UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 605. Promotion to certain grades for offi-cers with critical skills: colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain; captain, com-mander, lieutenant commander, lieutenant ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An officer in the grade of first lieutenant, captain, major, or lieu-tenant colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant (junior grade), lieutenant, lieutenant commander, or com-mander in the Navy, who is described in sub-section (b) may be temporarily promoted to the grade of captain, major, lieutenant colo-nel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant, lieutenant com-mander, commander, or captain in the Navy, as applicable, under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the military department concerned. Appointments under this section shall be made by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(b) C
OVERED OFFICERS .—An officer de-scribed in this subsection is any officer in a grade specified in subsection (a) who— ‘‘(1) has a skill in which the armed force concerned has a critical shortage of per-sonnel (as determined by the Secretary of the military department concerned); and ‘‘(2) is serving in a position (as determined by the Secretary of the military department concerned) that— ‘‘(A) is designated to be held by a captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieu-tenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy, as applicable; and ‘‘(B) requires that an officer serving in such position have the skill possessed by such officer. ‘‘(c) S
TATUS OF OFFICERS APPOINTED .— ‘‘(1) P
RESERVATION OF POSITION AND STA -
TUS.—An appointment under this section does not change the position on the active- duty list or the permanent, probationary, or acting status of the officer so appointed, prejudice the officer in regard to other pro-motions or appointments, or abridge the rights or benefits of the officer. ‘‘(2) G
RADE FOR PURPOSES OF ANNUAL DE -
FENSE MANPOWER REPORTS .—For purposes of section 115a of this title, an officer holding an appointment under this section is consid-ered as serving in the grade of the temporary promotion this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3063 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(d) B OARD RECOMMENDATION REQUIRED .—A temporary promotion under this section may be made only upon the recommendation of a board of officers convened by the Secretary of the military department concerned for the purpose of recommending officers for such promotions. ‘‘(e) A
CCEPTANCE AND EFFECTIVE DATE OF  A
PPOINTMENT .—Each appointment under this section, unless expressly declined, is, with-out formal acceptance, regarded as accepted on the date such appointment is made, and a member so appointed is entitled to the pay and allowances of the grade of the temporary promotion under this section from the date the appointment is made. ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION OF APPOINTMENT .—Unless sooner terminated, an appointment under this section terminates— ‘‘(1) on the date the officer who received the appointment is promoted to the perma-nent grade of captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy; or ‘‘(2) on the date the officer is detached from a position described in subsection (b)(2), unless the officer is on a promotion list to the permanent grade of captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieu-tenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy, in which case the ap-pointment terminates on the date the officer is promoted to that grade. ‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF ELIGIBLE  P
OSITIONS .—An appointment under this sec-tion may only be made for service in a posi-tion designated by the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned for the purposes of this section. The number of positions so designated may not exceed the following: ‘‘(1) In the case of the Army— ‘‘(A) as captain, 120; ‘‘(B) as major, 350; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 200; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 100. ‘‘(2) In the case of the Air Force— ‘‘(A) as captain, 100; ‘‘(B) as major, 325; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 175; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 80. ‘‘(3) In the case of the Marine Corps— ‘‘(A) as captain, 50; ‘‘(B) as major, 175; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 100; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 50. ‘‘(4) In the case of the Navy— ‘‘(A) as lieutenant, 100; ‘‘(B) as lieutenant commander, 325; ‘‘(C) as commander, 175; and ‘‘(D) as captain, 80.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘605. Promotion to certain grades for officers with critical skills: colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, cap-tain; captain, commander, lieu-tenant commander, lieuten-ant.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED AUTHORITY AP-
PLICABLE TO NAVYLIEUTENANTS .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Chapter 544 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The tables of chapters at the beginning of title 10, United States Code, and at the beginning of subtitle C of such title, are each amended by striking the item relating to chapter 544. 
SEC. 506. AUTHORITY FOR PROMOTION BOARDS TO RECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PAR-TICULAR MERIT BE PLACED HIGHER ON A PROMOTION LIST. 
(a) DOPMA B OARDS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 616 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g)(1) In selecting the officers to be rec-ommended for promotion, a selection board may, when authorized by the Secretary of the military department concerned, rec-ommend officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for promotion, to be placed higher on the promotion list es-tablished by the Secretary under section 624(a)(1) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer may be recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1) only if the officer receives the recommendation of at least a majority of the members of the board, unless the Secretary concerned establishes an alternative require-ment. Any such alternative requirement shall be furnished to the board as part of the guidelines furnished to the board under sec-tion 615 of this title. ‘‘(3) For the officers recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1), the board shall recommend the order in which those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (2) P
ROMOTION SELECTION BOARD REPORTS  
RECOMMENDING OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR  
MERIT BE PLACED HIGHER ON PROMOTION  
LIST.—Section 617 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(d) A selection board convened under sec-tion 611(a) of this title shall, when author-ized under section 616(g) of this title, include in its report to the Secretary concerned the names of those officers recommended by the board to be placed higher on the promotion list and the order in which the board rec-ommends that those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (3) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT APPEAR -
ING HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST .—Section 624(a)(1) of such title is amended in the first sentence by adding at the end ‘‘or based on particular merit, as determined by the pro-motion board’’. (b) ROPMA B
OARDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 14108 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) O
FFICERS OF PARTCULAR MERIT.—(1) In selecting the officers to be recommended for promotion, a promotion board may, when au-thorized by the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned, recommend officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for promotion, to be placed higher on the promotion list established by the Sec-retary under section 14308(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer may be recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1) only if the officer receives the recommendation of at least a majority of the members of the board, unless the Secretary concerned establishes an alternative require-ment. Any such alternative requirement shall be furnished to the board as part of the guidelines furnished to the board under sec-tion 14107 of this title. ‘‘(3) For the officers recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1), the board shall recommend the order in which those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (2) P
ROMOTION BOARD REPORTS RECOM -
MENDING OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT BE  
PLACED HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST .—Section 14109 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT.—A promotion board convened under section 14101(a) of this title shall, when authorized under section 14108(f) of this title, include in its report to the Secretary concerned the names of those officers recommended by the board to be placed higher on the promotion list and the order in which the board rec-ommends that those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (3) OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT APPEAR -
ING HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST .—Section 14308(a) of such title is amended in the first sentence by adding at the end ‘‘or based on particular merit, as determined by the pro-motion board’’. 
SEC. 507. AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS TO OPT OUT OF PROMOTION BOARD CONSIDER-ATION. 
(a) A CTIVE -DUTY LISTOFFICERS .—Section 619 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) An officer excluded under subsection (e).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) A
UTHORITY TOALLOW OFFICERS TOOPT O
UT OF SELECTION BOARD CONSIDERATION .—(1) The Secretary of a military department may provide that an officer under the jurisdiction of the Secretary may, upon the officer’s re-quest and with the approval of the Sec-retary, be excluded from consideration by a selection board convened under section 611(a) of this title to consider officers for pro-motion to the next higher grade. ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may only ap-prove a request under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) the basis for the request is to allow an officer to complete a broadening assignment, advanced education, another assignment of significant value to the Department, or a ca-reer progression requirement delayed by the assignment or education; ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines the exclu-sion from consideration is in the best inter-est of the military department concerned; and ‘‘(C) the officer has not previously failed of selection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests the exclusion from consideration.’’. (b) R
ESERVE ACTIVE -STATUS LIST OFFI-
CERS.—Section 14301 of such title is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
REVIOUSLY SELECTED OFFICERS NOTELIGI-
BLE’’ and inserting ‘‘C ERTAIN OFFICERS NOT’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) An officer excluded under subsection (j).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) A
UTHORITY TOALLOW OFFICERS TOOPT O
UT OF SELECTION BOARD CONSIDERATION .—(1) The Secretary a military department may provide that an officer under the jurisdiction of the Secretary may, upon the officer’s re-quest and with the approval of the Sec-retary, be excluded from consideration by a selection board convened under section 14101(a) of this title to consider officers for promotion to the next higher grade. ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may only ap-prove a request under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) the basis for the request is to allow an officer to complete a broadening assignment, advanced education, another assignment of significant value to the Department, or a ca-reer progression requirement delayed by the assignment or education; ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines the exclu-sion from consideration is in the best inter-est of the military department concerned; and ‘‘(C) the officer has not previously failed of selection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests the exclusion from consideration.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3064 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 508. COMPETITIVE CATEGORY MATTERS. 
Section 621 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a) C
OMPETITIVE CAT-
EGORIES .—’’ before ‘‘Under regulations’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) B
ASES FOR COMPETITIVE CATEGORIES .— Competitive categories shall be established on the bases as follows: ‘‘(1) Officers occupying similar officer qualifications, specialties, occupations, or ratings shall be grouped together. ‘‘(2) Promotion timing, promotion oppor-tunity, and officer career length shall each be tailored to particular officer qualifica-tions, specialties, occupations, or ratings. ‘‘(c) C
ONSISTENCY NOTREQUIRED IN PRO-
MOTION TIMING OR OPPORTUNITY .—In estab- lishing competitive categories, the Secretary of a military department shall not be re-quired to provide consistency in promotion timing or promotion opportunity among competitive categories of the armed force concerned.’’. 
SEC. 509. PROMOTION ZONE MATTERS. 
(a) A LIGNMENT WITH ANNUAL DEFENSE  M
ANPOWER REQUIREMENTS REPORTS .—Sub- section (b) of section 623 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) the alignment of opportunities for pro-motion for officers considered by any par-ticular selection board with opportunities for promotion in the next year as estimated pursuant to paragraph (4) and reported in the annual defense manpower requirements re-port covering such year under section 115a of this title.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON DETERMINATION OF OFFI-
CERS IN PROMOTION ZONEBASED ON YEAR OF  O
RIGINAL APPOINTMENT TO CURRENT GRADE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) The Secretary concerned may not de-termine the number of officers in a pro-motion zone on the basis of the year in which officers receive their original appoint-ment in their current grade.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to promotion zones established for promotion selection boards convened on or after that date. 
SEC. 510. ALTERNATIVE PROMOTION AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS IN DESIGNATED COMPETITIVE CATEGORIES OF OFFI-CERS. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PROMOTION AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 36 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—ALTERNATIVE PRO-MOTION AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS IN DESIGNATED COMPETITIVE CAT-EGORIES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘649a. Officers in designated competitive cat-egories. ‘‘649b. Selection for promotion. ‘‘649c. Eligibility for consideration for pro-motion. ‘‘649d. Opportunities for consideration for promotion. ‘‘649e. Promotions. ‘‘649f. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘649g. Retirement: retirement for years of service; selective early retire-ment. ‘‘649h. Continuation on active duty. ‘‘649h-1. Continuation on active duty: officers in certain military specialties and career tracks. ‘‘649i. Other administrative authorities. ‘‘649j. Regulations. ‘‘§ 649a. Officers in designated competitive categories ‘‘(a) AUTHORITY TODESIGNATE COMPETITIVE  C
ATEGORIES OF OFFICERS .—Each Secretary of a military department may designate one or more competitive categories for promotion of officers under section 621 of this title that are under the jurisdiction of such Secretary as a competitive category of officers whose promotion, retirement, and continuation on active duty shall be subject to the provisions of this subchapter. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON EXERCISE OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—The Secretary of a military depart-ment may not designate a competitive cat-egory of officers for purposes of this sub-chapter until 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the designa-tion of the competitive category. The report on the designation of a competitive category shall set forth the following: ‘‘(1) A detailed description of officer re-quirements for officers within the competi-tive category. ‘‘(2) An explanation of the number of op-portunities for consideration for promotion to each particular grade, and an estimate of promotion timing, within the competitive category. ‘‘(3) An estimate of the size of the pro-motion zone for each grade within the com-petitive category. ‘‘(4) A description of any other matters the Secretary considered in determining to des-ignate the competitive category for purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘§ 649b. Selection for promotion ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, the selection for promotion of officers in any competitive category of offi-cers designated for purposes of this sub-chapter shall be governed by the provisions of subchapter I of this chapter. ‘‘(b) N
ORECOMMENDATION FOR PROMOTION  
OFOFFICERS BELOW PROMOTION ZONE.—Sec- tion 616(b) of this title shall not apply to the selection for promotion of officers described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATION FOR OFFICERS TOBE E
XCLUDED FROM FUTURE CONSIDERATION FOR  P
ROMOTION .—In making recommendations pursuant to section 616 of this title for pur-poses of the administration of this sub-chapter, a selection board convened under section 611(a) of this title may recommend that an officer considered by the board be ex-cluded from future consideration for pro-motion under this chapter. ‘‘§ 649c. Eligibility for consideration for pro-motion ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided by this section, eligibility for promotion of offi-cers in any competitive category of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter shall be governed by the provisions of sec-tion 619 of this title. ‘‘(b) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN TIME-IN- 
GRADE REQUIREMENTS .—Paragraphs (2) through (4) of section 619(a) of this title shall not apply to the promotion of officers de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO OFFICERS ABOVE  
ANDBELOW PROMOTION ZONE.—The following provisions of section 619(c) of this title shall not apply to the promotion of officers de-scribed in subsection (a): ‘‘(1) The reference in paragraph (1) of that section to an officer above the promotion zone. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (2)(A) of that section. ‘‘(d) INELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN OFFICERS .— The following officers are not eligible for promotion under this subchapter: ‘‘(1) An officer described in section 619(d) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer not included within the pro-motion zone. ‘‘(3) An officer who has failed of promotion to a higher grade the maximum number of times specified for opportunities for pro-motion for such grade within the competi-tive category concerned pursuant to section 649d of this title. ‘‘(4) An officer recommended by a selection board to be removed from consideration for promotion in accordance with section 649b(c) of this title. ‘‘§ 649d. Opportunities for consideration for promotion ‘‘(a) S
PECIFICATION OF NUMBER OF OPPORTU -
NITIES FOR CONSIDERATION FOR PROMOTION .— In designating a competitive category of of-ficers pursuant to section 649a of this title, the Secretary of a military department shall specify the number of opportunities for con-sideration for promotion to be afforded offi-cers of the armed force concerned within the category for promotion to each grade above the grade of first lieutenant or lieutenant (junior grade), as applicable. ‘‘(b) L
IMITED AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF  M
ILITARY DEPARTMENT TO MODIFY NUMBER  
OFOPPORTUNITIES .—The Secretary of a mili-tary department may modify the number of opportunities for consideration for pro-motion to be afforded officers of an armed force within a competitive category for pro-motion to a particular grade, as previously specified by the Secretary pursuant sub-section (a) or this subsection, not more fre-quently than once every five years. ‘‘(c) D
ISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OF SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE TO MODIFY NUMBER OF  O
PPORTUNITIES .—The Secretary of Defense may modify the number of opportunities for consideration for promotion to be afforded officers of an armed force within a competi-tive category for promotion to a particular grade, as previously specified or modified pursuant to any provision of this section, at the discretion of the Secretary. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF OPPORTUNI -
TIES SPECIFIED .—The number of opportuni-ties for consideration for promotion to be af-forded officers of an armed force within a competitive category for promotion to a par-ticular grade, as specified or modified pursu-ant to any provision of this section, may not exceed five opportunities. ‘‘(e) E
FFECT OF CERTAIN REDUCTION IN NUM-
BER OF OPPORTUNITIES SPECIFIED .—If, by rea-son of a reduction in the number of opportu-nities for consideration for promotion under this section, an officer would no longer have one or more opportunities for consideration for promotion that were available to the offi-cer before the reduction, the officer shall be afforded one additional opportunity for con-sideration for promotion after the reduction. ‘‘§ 649e. Promotions ‘‘Sections 620 through 626 of this title shall apply in promotions of officers in competi-tive categories of officers designated for pur-poses of this subchapter. ‘‘§ 649f. Failure of selection for promotion ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, sections 627 through 632 of this title shall apply to promotions of officers in competitive categories of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘(b) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF FAILURE OF SELEC-
TION FOR PROMOTION TO OFFICERS ABOVE PRO-
MOTION ZONE.—The reference in section 627 of this title to an officer above the promotion zone shall not apply in the promotion of offi-cers described in subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3065 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(c) S PECIAL SELECTION BOARD MATTERS .— The reference in section 628(a)(1) of this title to a person above the promotion zone shall not apply in the promotion of officers de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF FAILURE OF SELECTION .—In the administration of this subchapter pursu-ant to subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) an officer described in subsection (a) shall not be deemed to have failed twice of selection for promotion for purposes of sec-tion 629(e)(2) of this title until the officer has failed selection of promotion to the next higher grade the maximum number of times specified for opportunities for promotion to such grade within the competitive category concerned pursuant to section 649d of this title; and ‘‘(2) any reference in section 631(a) or 632(a) of this title to an officer who has failed of se-lection for promotion to the next higher grade for the second time shall be deemed to refer instead to an officer described in sub-section (a) who has failed of selection for promotion to the next higher grade for the maximum number of times specified for op-portunities for promotion to such grade within the competitive category concerned pursuant to such section 649d. ‘‘§ 649g. Retirement: retirement for years of service; selective early retirement ‘‘(a) R
ETIREMENT FOR YEARS OF SERVICES .— Sections 633 through 636 of this title shall apply to the retirement of officers in com-petitive categories of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘(b) S
ELECTIVE EARLY RETIREMENT .—Sec- tions 638 and 638a of this title shall apply to the retirement of officers described in sub-section (a). ‘‘§ 649h. Continuation on active duty ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An officer subject to dis-charge or retirement pursuant to this sub-chapter may, subject to the needs of the service, be continued on active duty if the of-ficer is selected for continuation on active duty in accordance with this section by a se-lection board convened under section 611(b) of this title. ‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF POSITIONS FOR OFFI-
CERS CONTINUED ON ACTIVE DUTY.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Officers may be selected for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section only for assignment to positions identified by the Secretary of the military department concerned for which vacancies exist or are anticipated to exist. ‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION .—Before convening a selection board pursuant to section 611(b) of this title for purposes of selection of officers for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify for pur-poses of the board the positions identified by the Secretary to which officers selected for continuation on active duty may be as-signed. ‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATION FOR CONTINUATION .— A selection board may recommend an officer for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section only if the board determines that the officer is qualified for assignment to one or more positions identified pursuant to subsection (b) on the basis of skills, knowl-edge, and behavior required of an officer to perform successfully in such position or posi-tions. ‘‘(d) A
PPROVAL OF SECRETARY OF MILITARY  D
EPARTMENT .—Continuation of an officer on active duty under this section pursuant to the action of a selection board is subject to the approval of the Secretary of the military department concerned. ‘‘(e) N
ONACCEPTANCE OF CONTINUATION .—An officer who is selected for continuation on active duty pursuant to this section, but who declines to continue on active duty, shall be discharged or retired, as appropriate, in ac-cordance with section 632 of this title. ‘‘(f) PERIOD OF CONTINUATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An officer continued on active duty pursuant to this section shall re-main on active duty, and serve in the posi-tion to which assigned (or in another posi-tion to which assigned with the approval of the Secretary of the military department concerned), for a total of not more than three years afer the date of assignment to the position to which first so assigned. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL CONTINUATION .—An officer whose continued service pursuant to this section would otherwise expire pursuant to paragraph (1) may be continued on active duty if selected for continuation on active duty in accordance with this section before the date of expiration pursuant to that para-graph. ‘‘(g) E
FFECT OF EXPIRATION OF CONTINU -
ATION .—Each officer continued on active duty pursuant to this subsection who is not selected for continuation on active duty pur-suant to subsection (f)(2) at the completion of the officer’s term of continued service shall, unless sooner discharged or retired under another provision of law— ‘‘(1) be discharged upon the expiration of the term of continued service; or ‘‘(2) if eligible for retirement under an-other other provision of law, be retired under that law on the first day of the first month following the month in which the officer completes the term of continued service. ‘‘(h) T
REATMENT OF DISCHARGE OR RETIRE -
MENT .—The discharge or retirement of an of-ficer pursuant to this section shall be consid-ered to be an involuntary discharge or retire-ment for purposes of any other provision of law. ‘‘§ 649h-1. Continuation on active duty: offi-cers in certain military specialties and ca-reer tracks ‘‘In addition to continuation on active duty provided for in section 649h of this title, an officer to whom section 637a of this title applies may be continued on active duty in accordance with the provisions of such sec-tion 637a. ‘‘§ 649i. Other administrative authorities ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The following provisions of this title shall apply to officers in com-petitive categories of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter: ‘‘(1) Section 638b, relating to voluntary re-tirement incentives. ‘‘(2) Section 639, relating to continuation on active duty to complete disciplinary ac-tion. ‘‘(3) Section 640, relating to deferment of retirement or separation for medical rea-sons. ‘‘§ 649j. Regulations ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations regarding the administration of this subchapter. The elements of such regu-lations shall include mechanisms to clarify the manner in which provisions of other sub-chapters of this chapter shall be used in the administration of this subchapter in accord-ance with the provisions of this sub-chapter.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters at the beginning of chapter 36 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘VI. Alternative Promotion Authority for Officers in Designated Com-petitive Categories.......................649a’’. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consulta-tion with the Secretaries of the military de-partments, submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the authori-ties in subchapter VI of chapter 36 of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)). (2) ELEMENTS .—The report shall include the following: (A) A detailed analysis and assessment of the manner in which the exercise of the au-thorities in subchapter VI of chapter 36 of title 10, United States Code (as so added), will effect the career progression of commis-sioned officers in the Armed Forces. (B) A description of the competitive cat-egories of officers that are anticipated to be designated as competitive categories of offi-cers for purposes of such authorities. (C) A plan for implementation of such au-thorities. (D) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate to improve or enhance such authorities. 
SEC. 511. APPLICABILITY TO ADDITIONAL OFFI-CER GRADES OF AUTHORITY FOR CONTINUATION ON ACTIVE DUTY OF OFFICERS IN CERTAIN MILITARY SPECIALTIES AND CAREER TRACKS. 
Section 637a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘grade O–4’’ and inserting ‘‘grade O–2’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘632,’’ before ‘‘633,’’. PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 516. MATTERS RELATING TO SATISFACTORY SERVICE IN GRADE FOR PURPOSES OF RETIREMENT GRADE OF OFFI-CERS IN HIGHEST GRADE OF SATIS-FACTORY SERVICE. 
(a) C ONDITIONAL DETERMINATIONS OF GRADE  
OFSATISFACTORY SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(1) of sec-tion 1370 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘When an officer is under in-vestigation for alleged misconduct at the time of retirement, the Secretary concerned may conditionally determine the highest grade of satisfactory service of the officer pending completion of the investigation. Such grade is subject to reopening in accord-ance with subsection (f).’’. (2) O
FFICERS IN O –9 AND O –10 GRADES .—Sub- section (c) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) The Secretary of Defense may make a conditional certification regarding satisfac-tory service in grade under paragraph (1) with respect to an officer under that para-graph notwithstanding the fact that there is pending the disposition of an adverse per-sonnel action against the officer for alleged misconduct. The retired grade of an officer following such a conditional certification is subject to reopening in accordance with sub-section (f).’’. (3) R
ESERVE OFFICERS .—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘When an offi-cer is under investigation for alleged mis-conduct at the time of retirement, the Sec-retary concerned may conditionally deter-mine the highest grade of satisfactory serv-ice of the officer pending completion of the investigation. Such grade is subject to re-opening in accordance with subsection (f).’’. (b) D
ETERMINATIONS OF SATISFACTORY  S
ERVICE .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) D
ETERMINATIONS OF SATISFACTORY  S
ERVICE IN GRADE .—The determination whether an officer’s service in grade is satis-factory for purposes of any provision of this section shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3066 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(1) be based on quantative and qualitative considerations; ‘‘(2) take into account both acts and omis-sions; and ‘‘(3) take into account service in current grade and in any prior grade in which served (whether a lower or higher grade).’’. (c) F
INALITY OF RETIRED GRADE DETER -
MINATIONS .—Such section is further amended by inserting after subsection (e), as amended by subsection (b) of this section, the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) F
INALITY OF RETIRED GRADE DETER -
MINATIONS .—(1) Except as otherwise provided by law, a determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer pursuant to this section is administratively final on the day the officer is retired, and may not be re-opened. ‘‘(2) A determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer may be reopened as follows: ‘‘(A) If the retirement or retired grade of the officer was procured by fraud. ‘‘(B) If substantial evidence comes to light after the retirement that could have led to a lower retired grade under this section if known by competent authority at the time of retirement. ‘‘(C) If a mistake of law or calculation was made in the determination of the retired grade. ‘‘(D) In the case of a retired grade fol-lowing a conditional determination under subsection (a)(1) or (d)(1) or conditional cer-tification under subsection (c)(4), if the in-vestigation of or personnel action against the officer, as applicable, results in adverse findings. ‘‘(E) If the Secretary concerned deter-mines, pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, that good cause ex-ists to reopen the determination or certifi-cation. ‘‘(3) If a determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer is reopened, the Secretary concerned— ‘‘(A) shall notify the officer of the reopen-ing; and ‘‘(B) may not make an adverse determina-tion on the retired grade of the officer until the officer has had a reasonable opportunity to respond regarding the basis of the reopen-ing. ‘‘(4) If a certification of the retired grade of an officer covered by subsection (c) is re-opened, the Secretary concerned shall also notify the President and Congress of the re-opening. ‘‘(5) If the retired grade of an officer is re-duced through the reopening of the officer’s retired grade, the retired pay of the officer under chapter 71 of this title shall be recal-culated, and any modification of the retired pay of the officer shall go into effect on the effective date of the reduction of the officer’s retired grade.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to officers who re-tire from the Armed Forces on or after that date. 
SEC. 517. REDUCTION IN NUMBER OF YEARS OF ACTIVE NAVAL SERVICE REQUIRED FOR PERMANENT APPOINTMENT AS A LIMITED DUTY OFFICER. 
Section 5589(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘8 years’’. 
SEC. 518. REPEAL OF ORIGINAL APPOINTMENT QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR WARRANT OFFICERS IN THE REG-ULAR ARMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3310 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 335 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3310. SEC. 519. UNIFORM GRADE OF SERVICE OF THE CHIEFS OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The grade of service as Chief of Chaplains of the Army, Chief of Chaplains of the Navy, and Chief of Chaplains of the Air Force of an officer serving in such position shall be such grade as the Secretary of Defense shall speci-fy. The grade of service shall be the same for service in each such position. 
SEC. 520. WRITTEN JUSTIFICATION FOR AP-POINTMENT OF CHIEFS OF CHAP-LAINS IN GRADE BELOW GRADE OF MAJOR GENERAL OR REAR ADMI-RAL. 
(a) C HIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMY.—Sec- tion 3036 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) If an individual is appointed Chief of Chaplains in a regular grade below the grade of major general, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth in writing the justification for the appointment of the individual as Chief of Chaplains in such lower grade.’’. (b) C
HIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE NAVY.—Sec- tion 5142(b) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If an individual is appointed Chief of Chaplains in a regular grade below the grade of rear admiral, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth in writing the justification for the appointment of the individual as Chief of Chaplains in such lower grade.’’. (c) C
HIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE AIR F
ORCE .—Section 8039(a) of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) If an individual is appointed Chief of Chaplains in a regular grade below the grade of major general, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth in writing the justification for the appointment of the individual as Chief of Chaplains in such lower grade.’’. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
SEC. 521. AUTHORITY TO ADJUST EFFECTIVE DATE OF PROMOTION IN THE EVENT OF UNDUE DELAY IN EXTENDING FEDERAL RECOGNITION OF PRO-MOTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 14308(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The effective date of promotion’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If the Secretary concerned determines that there was an undue delay in extending Federal recognition in the next higher grade in the Army National Guard or the Air Na-tional Guard to a reserve commissioned offi-cer of the Army or the Air Force, and the delay was not attributable to the action (or inaction) of such officer, the effective date of the promotion concerned under paragraph (1) may be adjusted to a date determined by the Secretary concerned, but not earlier than the effective date of the State promotion.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to promotions of of-ficers whose State effective date is on or after that date. SEC. 522. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN RESERVE OFFICERS AS NOT TO BE CONSIDERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION. 
Section 14301 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) C
ERTAIN OFFICERS NOT TO BECONSID -
ERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION .—The Secretary of the military department con-cerned may provide that an officer who is in an active status, but is in a duty status in which the only points the officer accrues under section 12732(a)(2) of this title are pur-suant to subparagraph (C)(i) of that section (relating to membership in a reserve compo-nent), shall not be considered for selection for promotion until completion of two years of service in such duty status. Any such offi-cer may remain on the reserve active-status list.’’. 
SEC. 523. EXPANSION OF PERSONNEL SUBJECT TO AUTHORITY OF THE CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU IN THE EXECUTION OF FUNCTIONS AND MISSIONS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU. 
Section 10508(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 2103,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of title 32,’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2102, 2103, 2105, and 3101, and subchapter IV of chapter 53, of title 5, or sections 328 and 709 of title 32,’’. 
SEC. 524. REPEAL OF PROHIBITION ON SERVICE ON ARMY RESERVE FORCES POLICY COMMITTEE BY MEMBERS ON AC-TIVE DUTY. 
Section 10302 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘not on active duty’’ each place it appears; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘of the reserve compo-nents’’ after ‘‘among the members’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘not on active duty’’. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
SEC. 531. ASSESSMENT OF NAVY STANDARD WORKWEEK AND RELATED ADJUST-MENTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of the Navy shall conduct a comprehensive assess-ment of the Navy standard workweek. (b) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall— (1) update Office of the Chief of Naval Op-erations Instruction 1000.16L in order to— (A) obtain an examination of current in- port workloads; and (B) identify the manpower necessary to execute in-port workload for all surface ship classes; (2) update the criteria used in the Instruc-tion referred to in paragraph (1) that are used to reassess the factors used to calculate manpower requirements periodically or when conditions change; and (3) using the updates required by para-graphs (1) and (2), identify personnel needs and costs associated with the planned larger size of the Navy fleet. (c) A
DDED DEMANDS .—The Secretary shall identify and quantify added demands on Navy ship crews, including Ready Relevant Learning training periods and additional work that affects readiness and technical qualifications for Navy ship crews. (d) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall com-plete carrying out the requirements in this section by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 532. MANNING OF FORWARD DEPLOYED NAVAL FORCES. 
Commencing not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall implement a policy to man ships homeported overseas (commonly referred to as ‘‘Forward Deployed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3067 June 6, 2018 
Naval Forces’’) at manning levels not less than the levels established for each ship class or type of unit, including any adjust-ments resulting from as a result of changes from actions in connection with section 531, relating to an assessment of the Navy stand-ard workweek and related adjustments. 
SEC. 533. NAVY WATCHSTANDER RECORDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy shall require that, commencing not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, key watchstanders on Navy surface ships shall maintain a career record of watchstanding hours and specific operational evolutions. (b) K
EYWATCHSTANDER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘key watchstander’’ means each of the following: (1) Officer of the Deck. (2) Any other officer specified by the Sec-retary for purposes of this section. 
SEC. 534. QUALIFICATION EXPERIENCE REQUIRE-MENTS FOR CERTAIN NAVY WATCHSTATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date the of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the adequacy of individual training for certain watchstations, including any planned or recommended changes in quali-fication standards for such watchstations. (b) W
ATCHSTATIONS .—The watchstations covered by the report required by subsection (a) are the following: (1) Officer of the Deck. (2) Combat Information Center Watch Offi-cer. (3) Tactical Action Officer. 
SEC. 535. REPEAL OF 15-YEAR STATUTE OF LIMI-TATIONS ON MOTIONS OR REQUESTS FOR REVIEW OF DISCHARGE OR DIS-MISSAL FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 1553(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the second sentence. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2019. 
SEC. 536. TREATMENT OF CLAIMS RELATING TO MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA IN COR-RECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS AND REVIEW OF DISCHARGE OR DIS-MISSAL PROCEEDINGS. 
(a) C ORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 1552 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed in paragraphs (1) and (2)(B), by striking ‘‘post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury’’ and inserting ‘‘post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, or military sexual trauma’’. (2) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Subsection (i)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘, or an experience of military sexual trauma,’’ after ‘‘traumatic brain injury’’. (b) R
EVIEW OF DISCHARGE OR DISMISSAL .— Section 1553(d) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or traumatic brain injury’’ each place it appears (other than the second place it appears in paragraph (3)(B)) and in-serting ‘‘, traumatic brain injury, or mili-tary sexual trauma’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘whose’’ the second place it appears. Subtitle D—Military Justice Matters 
SEC. 541. PUNITIVE ARTICLE ON DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) P UNITIVE ARTICLE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting after section 928a (article 128a) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 928b. Art. 128b. Domestic violence ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person who— ‘‘(1) commits a violent offense against a spouse, an intimate partner, or an imme-diate family member of that person; ‘‘(2) with intent to threaten or intimidate a spouse, an intimate partner, or an imme-diate family member of that person— ‘‘(A) commits an offense under this chapter against any person; or ‘‘(B) commits an offense under this chapter against any property, including an animal; ‘‘(3) with intent to threaten or intimidate a spouse, an intimate partner, or an imme-diate family member of that person, violates a protection order; ‘‘(4) with intent to commit a violent of-fense against a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that per-son, violates a protection order; or ‘‘(5) assaults a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that per-son by strangling or suffocating; shall be punished as a court-martial may di-rect. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section (article): ‘‘(1) I
MMEDIATE FAMILY .—The term ‘imme-diate family’, with respect to an accused, means a spouse, parent, brother or sister, child of the accused, a person to whom the accused stands in loco parentis, and any other person who lives in the household in-volved and is related by blood or marriage to the accused. ‘‘(2) I
NTIMATE PARTNER .—The term ‘inti-mate partner’, with respect to an accused, means— ‘‘(A) a former spouse of the accused; ‘‘(B) a person who has a child in common with the accused; ‘‘(C) a person who cohabits or has cohabited as a spouse with the accused; or ‘‘(D) a person who is or has been in a social relationship of a romantic or intimate na-ture with the accused, as determined by the length of the relationship, the type of rela-tionship, and the frequency of interaction between the person and the accused. ‘‘(3) P
ROTECTION ORDER .—The term ‘protec-tion order’ means— ‘‘(A) a military protective order enforce-able under section 890 of this title (article 90); or ‘‘(B) a protection order, as defined in sec-tion 2266 of title 18 and, if issued by a State, Indian tribal, or territorial court, is in ac-cordance with the standards specified in sec-tion 2265 of such title. ‘‘(4) S
TRANGLING .—The term ‘strangling’ means intentionally or knowingly impeding the normal breathing or circulation of the blood of a person by applying pressure to the throat or neck, regardless of whether the im-peding results in any visible injury or wheth-er there is any intent to kill or protractedly injure the victim. ‘‘(5) S
UFFOCATING .—The term ‘suffocating’ means intentionally or knowingly impeding the normal breathing of a person by covering the mouth or the nose, regardless of whether the impeding results in any visible injury or whether there is any intent to kill or protractedly injure the victim. ‘‘(6) V
IOLENT OFFENSE .—The term ‘violent offense’ means a violation of any of the pro-visions of this chapter as follows: ‘‘(A) Section 918 of this title (article 118). ‘‘(B) Section 919(a) of this title (article 119(a)). ‘‘(C) Section 919a of this title (article 119a). ‘‘(D) Section 920 of this title (article 120). ‘‘(E) Section 920b of this title (article 120b). ‘‘(F) Section 922 of this title (article 122). ‘‘(G) Section 925 of this title (article 125). ‘‘(H) Section 926 of this title (article 126). ‘‘(I) Section 928 of this title (article 128). ‘‘(J) Section 928a of this title (article 128a). ‘‘(K) Section 930 of this title (article 130).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter X of chapter 47 of such title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 928a (arti-cle 128a) the following new item: ‘‘928b. 128b. Domestic violence.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the com-ing into effect of the amendments made by the Military Justice Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328) as provided in section 5542 of that Act (130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). 
SEC. 542. INCLUSION OF STRANGULATION AND SUFFOCATION IN CONDUCT CONSTI-TUTING AGGRAVATED ASSAULT FOR PURPOSES OF THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 928 of title 10, United States Code (article 128 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by adding ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) who commits an assault by strangula-tion or suffocation;’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the com-ing into effect of the amendment made by section 5441 of the Military Justice Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2954) as provided in section 5542 of that Act (130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). 
SEC. 543. AUTHORITIES OF DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATION, PROSECUTION, AND DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) A
UTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) H
EARINGS .—The Advisory Committee may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the committee con-siders appropriate to carry out its duties under this section. ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN -
CIES.—Upon request by the chair of the Advi-sory Committee, a department or agency of the Federal Government shall provide infor-mation that the Advisory Committee con-siders necessary to carry out its duties under this section.’’. 
SEC. 544. PROTECTIVE ORDERS AGAINST INDI-VIDUALS SUBJECT TO THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) P ROTECTIVE ORDERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting after section 809 (article 9) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 809a. Art. 9a. Protective orders ‘‘(a) I
SSUANCE AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with such regulations as the President may prescribe and subject to the provisions of this section, upon proper application therefor pursuant to subsection (b), a military judge or military magistrate may issue the following: ‘‘(A) A protective order described in sub-section (c) on an emergency basis against a person subject to this chapter. ‘‘(B) A protective order described in sub-section (c), other than a protective order on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3068 June 6, 2018 
an emergency basis, against a person subject to this chapter. ‘‘(2) O
THER PROTECTIVE ORDERS .—Nothing in this section may be construed as limiting or altering any authority of a military judge or military magistrate to issue a protective order, other than a protective order de-scribed in subsection (c), against a person subject to this chapter under any other pro-vision of law or regulation. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Application for a protec-tive order under this section shall be made in accordance with such requirements and pro-cedures as the President shall prescribe. Such requirements and procedures shall, to the extent practicable, conform to the re-quirements and procedures generally appli-cable to applications for protective orders in civilian jurisdictions of the United States. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY .—Application for a protec-tive order may be made by any individual. The regulations prescribed for purposes of this section may not limit eligibility for ap-plication to judge advocates or other attor-neys or to military commanders or other members of the armed forces. ‘‘(c) P
ROTECTIVE ORDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A protective order de-scribed in this subsection is an order that— ‘‘(A) restrains a person from harassing, stalking, threatening, or otherwise con-tacting or communicating with another per-son who stands in relation to the person as described in subsection (d)(8) or (g)(8) of sec-tion 922 of title 18, or engaging in other con-duct that would place such other person in reasonable fear of bodily injury to any such other person; and ‘‘(B) by its terms, explicitly prohibits— ‘‘(i) the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force by the person against another person who stands in relation to the person as described in subsection (d)(8) or (g)(8) of section 922 of title 18 that would rea-sonably be expected to cause bodily injury; ‘‘(ii) the initiation by the person restrained of any contact or communication with such other person; or ‘‘(iii) actions described by both clauses (i) and (ii). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘contact’ includes contact in person or through a third party, or through gifts, ‘‘(B) The term ‘communication’ includes communication in person or through a third party, and by telephone or in writing by let-ter, data fax, or other electronic means. ‘‘(d) D
UEPROCESS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROTECTION OF DUE PROCESS .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a protective order described in subsection (c) may only be issued after the person to be subject to the order has received such notice and oppor-tunity to be heard on the order as the Presi-dent shall prescribe. ‘‘(2) E
MERGENCY ORDERS .—A protective order on an emergency basis may be issued on an ex parte basis under such rules and limitations as the President shall prescribe. ‘‘(e) N
ATURE AND SCOPE OF PROTECTIVE OR-
DERS .—The President shall prescribe any re-quirements or limitations applicable to na-ture and scope of protective orders described in subsection (c), including requirements and limitations relating to the following: ‘‘(1) The duration of protective orders on an emergency basis, and of other protective orders. ‘‘(2) The scope of protective orders on an emergency basis, and of other protective or-ders. ‘‘(f) C
OMMAND MATTERS .— ‘‘(1) D
ELIVERY TO COMMANDER .—A copy of a protective order described in subsection (c) against a member of the armed forces shall be provided to such commanding officer in the chain of command of the member as the President shall prescribe for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) INCLUSION IN PERSONNEL FILE .—Any protective order described in subsection (c) against a member shall be placed and re-tained in the military personnel file of the member. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE TO CIVILIAN LAW ENFORCEMENT  
OF ISSUANCE .—Any protective order described in subsection (c) against a member shall be treated as a military protective order for purposes of section 1567a of this title, includ-ing for purposes of mandatory notification of issuance to civilian law enforcement as re-quired by that section. ‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY OF COMMANDING OFFICERS .— Nothing in this section may be construed as prohibiting a commanding officer from issuing or enforcing any otherwise lawful order in the nature of a protective order de-scribed in subsection (c) to or against mem-bers of the officer’s command. ‘‘(g) D
ELIVERY TO CERTAIN PERSONS .—A physical copy of any protective order de-scribed in subsection (c) shall be provided, as soon as practicable after issuance, to the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) The person or persons protected by the protective order or to the guardian of such a person if such person is under the age of 18 years. ‘‘(2) The person subject to the protective order. ‘‘(h) E
NFORCEMENT .—A protective order de-scribed in subsection (c) shall be enforceable by a military judge or military magistrate under such rules, and subject to such re-quirements and limitations, as the President shall prescribe.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 47 of such title is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 809 (ar-ticle 9) the following new item: ‘‘809a. 9a. Protective orders.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY OF MILITARY MAG-
ISTRATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 826a(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 26a(b) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘819 or 830a of this title (article 19 or 30a)’’ and inserting ‘‘809a, 819, or 830 of this title (article 9a, 19, or 30a)’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the com-ing into effect pursuant to section 5542 of the Military Justice Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) of the amendment made by section 5185 of the Military Justice Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 2902), to which the amendment made by paragraph (1) relates. 
SEC. 545. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR SPE-CIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1044e of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘alleged sex-related of-fense’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘alleged covered violence offense’’. (b) T
YPES OF LEGAL ASSISTANCE AUTHOR -
IZED.—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the alleged sex-related of-fense’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the alleged covered violence offense’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘if and as applicable,’’ after ‘‘or domestic abuse advo-cate,’’. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF SVC S.—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(10), by striking ‘‘sub-section (h)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (j)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘AVAILABILITY OF SVC SI NCONNEC -
TION WITHSEX-RELATED OFFENSES .—’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘an al-leged covered violence offense that is’’ before ‘‘an alleged sex-related offense’’ the first place it appears; and (4) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(g) A
VAILABILITY OF SVC SI N CONNECTION  W
ITHDOMESTIC VIOLENCE OFFENSES .—(1) An individual described in subsection (a)(2) who is the victim of an alleged covered violence offense that is an alleged domestic violence offense shall be offered the option of receiv-ing assistance from a Special Victims’ Coun-sel upon report of an alleged domestic vio-lence offense or at the time the victim seeks assistance from a Family Advocate, a domes-tic violence victim advocate, a military criminal investigator, a victim/witness liai-son, a trial counsel, a healthcare provider, or any other personnel designated by the Sec-retary concerned for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(2) Paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (f) shall apply to the availability of Special Vic-tims’ Counsel under this subsection to vic-tims of an alleged domestic violence offense. ‘‘(h) A
VAILABILITY OF SVC SI N CONNECTION  W
ITHOTHER COVERED VIOLENCE OFFENSES .— An individual described in subsection (a)(2) who is the victim of an alleged covered vio-lence offense (other than an alleged offense covered by subsection (f) or (g)) shall be of-fered the option of receiving assistance from a Special Victims’ Counsel upon report of such alleged covered violence offense or at the time the victim seeks assistance from a military criminal investigator, a victim/wit-ness liaison, a trial counsel, a healthcare provider, or any other personnel designated by the Secretary concerned for purposes of this subsection.’’. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—Subsection (i) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (c)(2) of this section, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
LLEGED COVERED VIOLENCE OFFENSE .— The term ‘alleged covered violence offense’ means any allegation of the following: ‘‘(A) A violation of section 918, 919, 919a, 920, 920b, 925, 928a, or 930 of this title (article 118, 119, 119a, 120, 120b, 125, 128a, or 130 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(B) A violation of subsection (b) of section 928 of this title (article 128 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), if the offense was aggravated. ‘‘(C) A violation of any other provision of chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) that the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity jointly specify as an alleged covered vio-lence offense for purposes of this section. ‘‘(D) An attempt to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 880 of this title (ar-ticle 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(E) A conspiracy to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 881 of this title (ar-ticle 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(F) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 882 of this title (ar-ticle 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(2) A
LLEGED DOMESTIC VIOLENCE OF -
FENSE .—The term ‘alleged domestic violence offense’ means any allegation of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) A violation of section 919b of this title (article 119b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3069 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(B) A violation of section 920, 928 (if the offense was aggravated), or 930 of this title (article 120, 128, or 130 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) in which the victim of the violation is a spouse or other intimate part-ner of the accused or a child of the spouse or other intimate partner of the accused and the accused. ‘‘(C) A violation of any other provision of chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) that the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity jointly specify as an alleged domestic violence offense for purposes of this section. ‘‘(D) An attempt to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 880 of this title (ar-ticle 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(E) A conspiracy to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 881 of this title (ar-ticle 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(F) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) as punishable under section 882 of this title (ar-ticle 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). ‘‘(3) A
LLEGED SEX -RELATED OFFENSE .—The term ‘alleged sex-related offense’ means any allegation of the following: ‘‘(A) A violation of section 920, 920b, 920c, or 930 of this title (article 120, 120b, 120c, or 130 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(B) A violation of any other provision of chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) that the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity jointly specify as an alleged sex-related offense for purposes of this section. ‘‘(C) An attempt to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) as pun-ishable under section 880 of this title (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(D) A conspiracy to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) as pun-ishable under section 881 of this title (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(E) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) as pun-ishable under section 882 of this title (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice).’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1044e. Special Victims’ Counsel: victims of sex-related offenses, domestic violence of-fenses, and other violence offenses’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 53 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 1044e and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘1044e. Special Victims’ Counsel: victims of sex-related offenses, domestic violence offenses, and other vio-lence offenses.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on such date after January 1, 2019, as the President shall specify for purposes of this section. (2) D
ATE SPECIFIED .—In specifying a date for purposes of paragraph (1), the President shall specify a date that permits the Secre-taries concerned and the Armed Forces the opportunity to assess and properly allocate the personnel and other resources required to fully implement and carry out the amend-ments made by this section. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION ACTIVITIES .—During the period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act and ending on the date specified for purposes of paragraph (1), the Secretaries concerned and the Armed Forces shall— (A) establish mechanisms to ensure that a priority is afforded in the discharge of duties of Special Victims’ Counsel under the amendments made by this section to serious cases of child abuse and other domestic vio-lence (including cases involving aggravated assault and serious neglect that could result in serious injury or death); and (B) strongly consider the advisability of employing civilians to perform duties of Spe-cial Victims’ Counsel in the matters covered by the amendments in the event the number of military Special Victims’ Counsel is insuf-ficient for the full and effective discharge of such duties. (4) SECRETARIES CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Secretaries con-cerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 546. CLARIFICATION OF EXPIRATION OF TERM OF APPELLATE MILITARY JUDGES OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF MILITARY COMMISSION REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 950f(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) The term of an appellate military judge assigned to the Court under paragraph (2) or appointed to the Court under para-graph (3) shall expire on the earlier of the date on which— ‘‘(A) the judge leaves active duty; or ‘‘(B) the judge is reassigned to other duties in accordance with section 949b(b)(4) of this title.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to each judge of the United States Court of Military Commis-sion Review serving on that court on the date of the enactment of this Act and each judge assigned or appointed to that court on or after such date. 
SEC. 547. EXPANSION OF POLICIES ON EXPE-DITED TRANSFER OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO ARE VIC-TIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL MEMBERS  
FOR TRANSFER .—The Secretary of Defense shall modify section 105.9 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, and any other regula-tions and policy of the Department of De-fense applicable to the expedited transfer of members of the Armed Forces who allege they are a victim of sexual assault, in order to provide that a member of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b) is eligible for expedited transfer under such regulations and policy in connection with an allegation as described in that paragraph. (b) C
OVERED MEMBERS .—A member of the Armed Forces described in this subsection is any member as follows: (1) A member who is an alleged victim of sexual assault committed by the spouse or intimate partner of the member, which spouse or intimate partner is not a member of the Armed Forces. (2) A member who is an alleged victim of physical domestic violence (other than sex-ual assault) committed by the spouse or inti-mate partner of the member, regardless of whether the spouse or intimate partner is a member of the Armed Forces. (c) P
HYSICAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE .—In car- rying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall prescribe the offenses or other actions con-stituting physical domestic violence for pur-poses of subsection (b)(2). 
SEC. 548. UNIFORM COMMAND ACTION FORM ON DISPOSITION OF UNRESTRICTED SEXUAL ASSAULT CASES INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) U NIFORM FORM REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall establish a uniform command action form, applicable across the Armed Forces, for reporting the final dis-position of cases of sexual assault in which— (1) the alleged offender is a member of the Armed Forces; and (2) the victim files an unrestricted report on the alleged assault. (b) ELEMENTS .—The form required by sub-section (a) shall provide for the inclusion of information on the following: (1) The final disposition of the case. (2) Appropriate demographic information on the victim and the alleged offender. (3) The status of the alleged offender as of final disposition of the case. (4) Whether the victim received assistance from a Special Victims’ Counsel in connec-tion with the case. (5) Whether the victim was disciplined for any collateral misconduct in connection with the case. (6) The number of years working in a criminal justice litigation billet of any trial counsel who prosecuted or otherwise con-sulted on the case. 
SEC. 549. INCLUSION OF INFORMATION ON CER-TAIN COLLATERAL CONDUCT OF VICTIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN AN-NUAL REPORTS ON SEXUAL AS-SAULT INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1631(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Information on the frequency with which individuals who were identified as vic-tims of sexual assault in case files of mili-tary criminal investigative organizations were also accused of or punished for mis-conduct or crimes considered collateral to the sexual assault under investigation by such organizations, including the type of misconduct or crime and the punishment, if any, received.’’. Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, Transition, and Resilience 
SEC. 551. CONSECUTIVE SERVICE OF SERVICE OBLIGATION IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENT OF TUITION FOR OFF- DUTY TRAINING OR EDUCATION FOR COMMISSIONED OFFICERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH ANY OTHER SERVICE OBLIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2007(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Any active duty service obligation of a commissioned officer under this subsection shall be served consecutively with any other service obligation of the officer (whether ac-tive duty or otherwise) under any other pro-vision of law.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to agreements for the payment of tuition for off-duty training or education that are entered into on or after that date. 
SEC. 552. CONSECUTIVE SERVICE OF ACTIVE SERVICE OBLIGATIONS FOR MED-ICAL TRAINING WITH OTHER SERV-ICE OBLIGATIONS FOR EDUCATION OR TRAINING. 
(a) U NIFORMED SERVICES UNIVERSITY OF THE  H
EALTH SCIENCES .—Section 2114(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(d)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A commissioned service obligation in-curred as a result of participation in a mili-tary intern, residency, or fellowship training program shall be served consecutively with the commissioned service obligation imposed by this section and by any other provision of this title for education or training.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3070 June 6, 2018 
(b) H EALTH PROFESSIONS SCHOLARSHIP AND  F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 2123(b) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A commissioned service obligation in-curred as a result of participation in a mili-tary intern, residency, or fellowship training program shall be served consecutively with the active duty obligation imposed by this section and by any other provision of this title for education or training.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to individ-uals beginning participation in a military in-tern, residency, or fellowship training pro-gram on or after January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 553. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICATION AND HONORABLE SERVICE REQUIRE-MENTS UNDER THE TROOPS-TO- TEACHERS PROGRAM TO MEMBERS OF THE RETIRED RESERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2)(B) of sec-tion 1154(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)(iii),’’ after ‘‘A(i),’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘transferred to the Retired Reserve, or’’ after ‘‘member is retired,’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘separated,’’ and inserting ‘‘separated’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The second sentence of paragraph (3)(D) of such section is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, the transfer of the mem-ber to the Retired Reserve,’’ after ‘‘retire-ment of the member’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘transfer,’’ after ‘‘after the retirement,’’. 
SEC. 554. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ATTENDANCE OF ENLISTED PER-SONNEL AT SENIOR LEVEL AND IN-TERMEDIATE LEVEL OFFICER PRO-FESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION COURSES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the purpose of the attendance of enlisted personnel at sen-ior level and intermediate level officer pro-fessional military education courses. (b) S
ENIOR LEVEL AND INTERMEDIATE LEVEL  O
FFICER PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION  C
OURSES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘senior level and intermediate level officer professional military education courses’’ means any course offered by a school speci-fied in section 2151(b) of title 10, United States Code. (c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED LIMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 547 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is repealed. (2) P
RESERVATION OF CERTAIN REPORTING  
REQUIREMENT .—The repeal in paragraph (1) shall not be interpreted to terminate the re-quirement of the Comptroller General of the United States to submit the report required by subsection (c) of section 547 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
SEC. 555. REPEAL OF PROGRAM ON ENCOURAGE-MENT OF POSTSEPARATION PUBLIC AND COMMUNITY SERVICE. 
(a) R EPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1143a of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 58 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1143a. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1144(b) of such title is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (8); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (9), (10), and (11) as paragraphs (8), (9), and (10), re-spectively. SEC. 556. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO ASSIST MEMBERS IN OBTAINING PROFES-SIONAL CREDENTIALS. 
Section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) through (e) as subsections (c) through (f), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) P
ROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS NOTRE-
LATED TO MILITARY TRAINING AND SKILLS .— Under the program required by this section, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, may enable members of the armed forces to obtain, while serving in the armed forces, professional credentials for which such members are other otherwise qualified that do not relate to military training and skills if such Secretary deter-mines that such action is in the best inter-ests of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 557. ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITIES IN CONNECTION WITH JUNIOR RE-SERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PROGRAMS. 
(a) F LEXIBILITY IN AUTHORITIES FOR MAN-
AGEMENT OF PROGRAMS AND UNITS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 102 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2034. Flexibility in authorities for manage-ment of programs and units ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TOCONVERT OTHERWISE  C
LOSING UNITS TO NATIONAL DEFENSE CADET  C
ORPS PROGRAM UNITS.—If the Secretary of a military department is notified by a local educational agency of the intent of the agen-cy to close its Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, the Secretary shall offer the agency the option of converting the unit to a National Defense Cadet Corps (NDCC) pro-gram unit in lieu of closing the unit. ‘‘(b) F
LEXIBILITY IN ADMINISTRATION OF IN-
STRUCTORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments may, without regard to any other provision of this chapter, under-take initiatives designed to promote flexi-bility in the hiring and compensation of in-structors for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program under the jurisdic-tion of such Secretaries. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The initiatives under-taken pursuant to this subsection may pro-vide for one or more of the following: ‘‘(A) Termination of the requirement for a waiver as a condition of the hiring of well- qualified non-commissioned officers with a bachelor’s degree for senior instructor posi-tions within the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. ‘‘(B) Specification of a single instructor as the minimum number of instructors required to found and operate a Junior Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps unit. ‘‘(C) Authority for Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps instructors to undertake school duties, in addition to Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps duties, at small schools. ‘‘(D) Authority for the payment of instruc-tor compensation for a limited number of Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps in-structors on a 10-month per year basis rather than a 12-month per year basis. ‘‘(E) Such other actions as the Secretaries of the military departments consider appro-priate. ‘‘(c) F
LEXIBILITY IN ALLOCATION AND USE OF  T
RAVEL FUNDING .—The Secretaries of the military departments shall take appropriate actions to provide so-called regional direc-tors of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs located at remote rural schools enhanced discretion in the allocation and use of funds for travel in connection with Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps activities. ‘‘(d) STANDARDIZATION OF PROGRAM DATA.— The Secretary of Defense shall take appro-priate actions to standardize the data col-lected and maintained on the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs in order to facilitate and enhance the collection and analysis of such data. Such actions shall in-clude a requirement for the use of the Na-tional Center for Education Statistics (NCES) identification code for each school with a unit under a Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in order to facilitate identification of such schools and their units under the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 102 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2034. Flexibility in authorities for manage-ment of programs and units.’’. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADDITIONAL UNITS.—The Secretaries of the military departments may, using amounts authorized to be appro-priated by this Act and available in the fund-ing tables in sections 4301 and 4401 for pur-poses of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Train-ing Corps programs, establish an aggregate of not more than 100 units under the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs in low-income and rural areas of the United States and areas of the United States cur-rently underserved by the Junior Reserve Of-ficers’ Training Corps programs. Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters PART I—DEFENSE DEPENDENTS’ EDUCATION MATTERS 
SEC. 561. CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO AS-SIST LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-CIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFI -
CANT NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STU-
DENTS .—Of the amount authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $40,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local educational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). (b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 7013(9) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). 
SEC. 562. IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH SE-VERE DISABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 pursu-ant to section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $10,000,000 shall be available for pay-ments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a). (b) U
SE OF CERTAIN AMOUNT .—Of the amount available under subsection (a) for payments as described in that subsection, $5,000,000 shall be available for such pay-ments to local educational agencies deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense, in the discretion of the Secretary, to have higher concentrations of military children with se-vere disabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3071 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 563. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY POLICIES AND PROCE-DURES ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF STUDENTS OF ACTIVITY SCHOOLS. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF TITLE IX P ROTEC -
TIONS .—The provisions of title IX of the Edu-cation Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) (in this section referred to as ‘‘title IX’’) with respect to education programs or activities receiving Federal financial assist-ance shall apply equally to education pro-grams and activities administered by the De-partment of Defense Education Activity (DODEA). (b) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Department of De-fense Education Activity shall establish poli-cies and procedures to protect students at schools of the Activity who are victims of sexual harassment. Such policies and proce-dures shall afford protections at least com-parable to the protections afforded under title IX. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The policies and procedures required by subsection (b) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) A policy addressing sexual harassment of students at the schools of the Department of Defense Education Activity that uses and incorporates terms, procedures, protections, investigation standards, and standards of evidence consistent with title IX. (2) A procedure by which— (A) a student of a school of the Activity, or a parent of such a student, may file a com-plaint with the school alleging an incident of sexual harassment at the school; and (B) such a student or parent may appeal the decision of the school regarding such complaint. (3) A procedure and mechanisms for the ap-pointment and training of, and allocation of responsibility to, a coordinator at each school of the Activity for sexual harassment matters involving students from the mili-tary community served by such school. (4) Training of employees of the Activity, and volunteers at schools of the Activity, on the policies and procedures. (5) Mechanisms for the broad distribution and display of the policy described in para-graph (1), including on the Internet website of the Activity and on Internet websites of schools of the Activity, in printed and online versions of student handbooks, and in bro-chures and flyers displayed on school bul-letin boards and in guidance counselor of-fices. (6) Reporting and recordkeeping require-ments designed to ensure that— (A) complaints of sexual harassment at schools of the Activity are handled— (i) with professionalism and consistency; and (ii) in a manner that permits coordinators referred to in paragraph (3) to track trends in incidents of sexual harassment and to identify repeat offenders of sexual harass-ment; and (B) appropriate members of the local lead-ership of military communities are held ac-countable for acting upon complaints of sex-ual harassment at schools of the Activity. PART II—MILITARY FAMILY READINESS MATTERS 
SEC. 566. IMPROVEMENT OF AUTHORITY TO CON-DUCT FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS FOR IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ASSIGNED TO SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
(a) C OSTS OF PARTICIPATION OF FAMILY  M
EMBERS IN PROGRAMS .—Section 1788a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and (e) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) COSTS OF FAMILY MEMBER PARTICIPA -
TION.—In carrying out family support pro-grams under this section, the Commander may also pay, or reimburse immediate fam-ily members, for transportation, food, lodg-ing, child care, supplies, fees, and training materials in connection with the participa-tion of family members in such programs.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Subsection (d) of such sec-tion, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1) of this section, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘up to $5,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘up to $10,000,000’’; and (2) by inserting before the period the fol-lowing: ‘‘, including payment of costs of par-ticipation in such programs as authorized by subsection (c)’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (3) of subsection (f) of such section, as so redes-ignated, is amended by striking ‘‘section 167(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 167(j)’’. 
SEC. 567. EXPANSION OF PERIOD OF AVAIL-ABILITY OF MILITARY ONESOURCE PROGRAM FOR RETIRED AND DIS-CHARGED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR IMMEDIATE FAMILIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary of Defense, the pe-riod of eligibility for the Military OneSource program of the Department of Defense of an eligible individual retired, discharged, or otherwise released from the Armed Forces, and for the eligible immediate family mem-bers of such an individual, shall be the one- year period beginning on the date of the re-tirement, discharge, or release, as applica-ble, of such individual. (b) I
NFORMATION TO FAMILIES .—The Sec- retary shall, in such manner as the Sec-retary considers appropriate, inform mili-tary families and families of veterans of the Armed Forces of the wide range of benefits available through the Military OneSource program. 
SEC. 568. EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY FOR NON-COMPETITIVE APPOINTMENTS OF MILITARY SPOUSES BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) E XPANSION TOINCLUDE ALLSPOUSES OF  M
EMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON ACTIVE  D
UTY.—Section 3330d of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraphs (3), (4), and (5); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (3); (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .—The head of an agency may appoint noncompeti-tively— ‘‘(1) a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces on active duty; or ‘‘(2) a spouse of a disabled or deceased member of the Armed Forces.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c); and (4) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(6)’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)’’. (b) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3330d. Appointment of military spouses’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 33 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3330d and inserting the following new item: ‘‘3330d. Appointment of military spouses.’’. 
SEC. 569. IMPROVEMENT OF MY CAREER AD-VANCEMENT ACCOUNT PROGRAM FOR MILITARY SPOUSES. 
(a) O UTREACH ON AVAILABILITY OF PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions to ensure that military spouses who are eligible for partici-pation in the My Career Advancement Ac-count (MyCAA) program of the Department of Defense are, to the extent practicable, made aware of the program. (2) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate regarding the following: (A) Mechanisms to increase awareness of the My Career Advancement Account pro-gram among military spouses who are eligi-ble to participate in the program. (B) Mechanisms to increase participation in the My Career Advancement Account pro-gram among military spouses who are eligi-ble to participate in the program. (b) T
RAINING FOR INSTALLATION CAREER  C
OUNSELORS ON PROGRAM .—The Secretaries of the military departments shall take ap-propriate actions to ensure that career coun-selors at military installations receive ap-propriate training and current information on eligibility for and use of benefits under the My Career Advancement Account pro-gram, including financial assistance to cover costs associated with professional recertifi-cation, portability of occupational licenses, professional credential exams, and other mechanisms in connection with the port-ability of professional licenses. 
SEC. 570. ACCESS TO MILITARY INSTALLATIONS FOR CERTAIN SURVIVING SPOUSES AND OTHER NEXT OF KIN OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO DIE WHILE ON ACTIVE DUTY OR CERTAIN RESERVE DUTY. 
(a) P ROCEDURES FOR ACCESS OF SURVIVING  S
POUSES REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense, acting jointly with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall establish proce-dures by which an eligible surviving spouse may obtain unescorted access, as appro-priate, to military installations in order to receive benefits to which the eligible sur-viving spouse may be entitled by law or pol-icy. (b) E
LIGIBLE SURVIVING SPOUSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible surviving spouse’’ means an indi-vidual who— (A) is a surviving spouse of a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving— (i) on active duty; or (ii) on such reserve duty as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security may jointly specify for purposes of this section; and (B) has guardianship of one or more de-pendent children of such member. (2) S
TATUS NOT EFFECTED BY REMARRIAGE .— An individual is an eligible surviving spouse for purposes of this section without regard to whether the individual remarries after the death of the member concerned. (c) P
ROCEDURES FOR ACCESS OF NEXT OF KIN A
UTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, acting jointly with the Secretary of Home-land Security, may establish procedures by which the next of kin of a deceased member of the Armed Forces, in addition to an eligi-ble surviving spouse, may obtain access to military installations for such purposes and under such conditions as the Secretaries jointly consider appropriate. (2) N
EXT OF KIN .—If the Secretaries estab-lish procedures pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretaries shall jointly specify the indi-viduals who shall constitute next of kin for purposes of such procedures. (d) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Any procedures es-tablished under this section shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3072 June 6, 2018 
(1) be applied consistently across the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security, including all compo-nents of the Departments; (2) minimize any administrative burden on a surviving spouse or dependent child, in-cluding through the elimination of any re-quirement for a surviving spouse to apply as a personal agent for continued access to military installations in accompaniment of a dependent child; (3) take into account measures required to ensure the security of military installations, including purpose and eligibility for access and renewal periodicity; and (4) take into account such other factors as the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Homeland Security considers appropriate. (e) D
EADLINE .—The procedures required by subsection (a) shall be established by the date that is not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 571. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY FAMILY READINESS COUNCIL MAT-TERS. 
(a) M EMBER MATTERS .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—Paragraph (1)(B) of sub-section (b) of section 1781a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘a member of the armed force to be represented’’ and in-serting ‘‘a member or civilian employee of the armed force to be represented’’; and (B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following new clause (ii): ‘‘(ii) One representative, who shall be a member or civilian employee of the National Guard Bureau, to represent both the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard.’’. (2) T
ERMS .—Paragraph (2) of such sub-section is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘clauses (i) and (iii) of’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting ‘‘two years’’. (b) D
UTIES .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘military family readiness by the Department of De-fense’’ and inserting ‘‘military family readi-ness programs and activities of the Depart-ment of Defense’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) To make recommendations to the Sec-retary of Defense to improve collaboration, awareness, and promotion of accurate and timely military family readiness informa-tion and support services by policy makers, service providers, and targeted bene-ficiaries.’’. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Subsection (e) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘Feb-ruary 1’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF MEMBERSHIP AND TERM  
AMENDMENTS .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to members of the Department of Defense Military Family Readiness Council appointed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 572. MULTIDISCIPLINARY TEAMS FOR MILI-TARY INSTALLATIONS ON CHILD ABUSE AND OTHER DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE. 
(a) M ULTIDISCIPLINARY TEAMS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under regulations pre-scribed by each Secretary concerned, there shall be established and maintained for each military installation, except as provided in paragraph (2), one or more multidisciplinary teams on child abuse and other domestic vio-lence for the purposes specified in subsection (b). (2) SINGLE TEAM FOR PROXIMATE INSTALLA -
TIONS .—A single multidiscipinary team de-scribed in paragraph (1) may be established and maintained under this subsection for two or more military installations in prox-imity with one another if the Secretary con-cerned determines, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, that a single team for such installations suffices to carry out the purposes of such teams under subsection (b) for such installations. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of each multi-disciplinary team maintained pursuant to subsection (a) shall be as follows: (1) To provide for the sharing of informa-tion among such team and other appropriate personnel on the installation or installations concerned regarding the progress of inves-tigations into and resolutions of incidents of child abuse and other domestic violence in-volving members of the Armed Forces sta-tioned at or otherwise assigned to the instal-lation or installations. (2) To provide for and enhance collabo-rative efforts among such team and other ap-propriate personnel of the installation or in-stallations regarding investigations into and resolutions of such incidents. (3) To enhance the social services available to military families at the installation or in-stallations in connection with such inci-dents, including through the enhancement of cooperation among specialists and other per-sonnel providing such services to such mili-tary families in connection with such inci-dents (4) To carry out such other duties regard-ing the response to child abuse and other do-mestic violence at the installation or instal-lations as the Secretary concerned considers appropriate for such purposes. (c) P
ERSONNEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each multidisciplinary team maintained pursuant to subsection (a) shall be composed of the following: (A) One or more judge advocates. (B) Appropriate personnel of one or more military criminal investigation services. (C) Appropriate mental health profes-sionals. (D) Appropriate medical personnel. (E) Family advocacy case workers. (F) Such other personnel as the Secretary or Secretaries concerned consider appro-priate. (2) E
XPERTISE AND TRAINING .—Any indi-vidual assigned to a multidisciplinary team shall possess such expertise, and shall under-take such training as is required to maintain such expertise, as the Secretary concerned shall specify for purposes of this section in order to ensure that members of the team re-main appropriately qualified to carry out the purposes of the team under this section. The training and expertise so specified shall in-clude training and expertise on special vic-tims’ crimes, including child abuse and other domestic violence. (d) C
OORDINATION AND COLLABORATION WITH N
ON-MILITARY RESOURCES .— (1) U
SE OF COMMUNITY RESOURCES SERVING  
INSTALLATIONS .—In providing under this sec-tion for a multidisciplinary team for a mili-tary installation or installations that ben-efit from services or resources on child abuse or other domestic violence that are provided by civilian entities in the vicinity of the in-stallation or installations, the Secretary concerned may take the availability of such services or resources to the installation or installations into account in providing for the composition and duties of the team. (2) B
EST PRACTICES .—The Secretaries con-cerned shall take appropriate actions to en-sure that multidisciplinary teams main-tained pursuant to subsection (a) remain fully and currently apprised of best practices in the civilian sector on investigations into and resolutions of incidents of child abuse and other domestic violence and on the so-cial services provided in connection with such incidents. (3) COLLABORATION .—In providing for the enhancement of social services available to military families in accordance with sub-section (b)(3), the Secretaries concerned shall permit, facilitate, and encourage mul-tidisciplinary teams to collaborate with ap-propriate civilian agencies in the vicinity of the military installations concerned with re-gard to availability, provision, and use of such services to and by such families. (e) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than March 1 of each of 2020 through 2022, each Secretary concerned shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the activities of multidisciplinary teams maintained pursuant to subsection (a) under the jurisdiction of such Secretary during the preceding year. Each report shall set forth, for the period covered by such report, the following: (1) A summary description of the activities of the multidisciplinary teams concerned, in-cluding the number and composition of such teams, the recurring activities of such teams, and any notable achievements of such teams. (2) A description of any impediments to the effectiveness of such teams. (3) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as such Secretary considers appropriate in order to improve the effectiveness of such teams. (4) Such other matters with respect to such teams as such Secretary considers appro-priate. (f) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. (2) U
SAGE WITH RESPECT TO MULTIPLE IN -
STALLATIONS .—For purposes of this section, any reference to ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ with respect to a single multidisciplinary team established and maintained pursuant to sub-section (a) for two or more military installa-tions that are under the jurisdiction of dif-ferent Secretaries concerned, shall be deemed to refer to each Secretary concerned who has jurisdiction of such an installation, acting jointly. 
SEC. 573. PROVISIONAL OR INTERIM CLEAR-ANCES TO PROVIDE CHILDCARE SERVICES AT MILITARY CHILDCARE CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall implement a policy to permit the issuance on a provisional or interim basis of clearances for the provision of childcare services at military childcare centers. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The policy required by sub-section (a) shall provide for the following: (1) Any clearance issued under the policy shall be temporary and contingent upon the satisfaction of such requirements for the issuance of a clearance on a permanent basis as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) Any individual issued a clearance on a provisional or interim basis under the policy shall be subject to such supervision in the provision of childcare services using such clearance as the Secretary considers appro-priate. (c) C
LEARANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘clearance’’, with respect to an in-dividual and the provision of childcare serv-ices, means the formal approval of the indi-vidual, after appropriate background checks and other review, to provide childcare serv-ices to children at a military childcare cen-ter of the Department of Defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3073 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 574. PILOT PROGRAM ON PREVENTION OF CHILD ABUSE AND TRAINING ON SAFE CHILDCARE PRACTICES AMONG MILITARY FAMILIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Defense Health Agency, carry out a pilot program on uni-versal home visits for purposes of providing eligible covered beneficiaries and their fami-lies training on safe childcare practices aimed at reducing child abuse and fatalities due to abuse and neglect, assessments of risk factors for child abuse, and connections with community resources to meet identified needs. (2) S
COPE.—The pilot program shall be de-signed to facilitate connections between cov-ered beneficiaries and their families and community resources (including existing re-sources provided by the Armed Forces). The pilot program, including the practices cov-ered by training pursuant to the pilot pro-gram, shall conform to evidence-based sci-entific criteria, including criteria available through publications in peer-reviewed sci-entific journals. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The pilot program shall in-clude the following: (A) Between one and three home visits, and not more than seven other contacts, except in unusual cases (such as deployments), with such home visits by a team led by a nurse, whenever practicable, to provide screening, community resource referral, and training to eligible covered beneficiaries and their fami-lies on the following: (i) General maternal and infant health. (ii) Safe sleeping environments. (iii) Feeding and bathing. (iv) Adequate supervision. (v) Common hazards. (vi) Self-care. (vii) Recognition of post-partum depres-sion, substance abuse, and domestic violence in a mother or her partner and community violence. (viii) Skills for management of infant cry-ing. (ix) Other positive parenting skills and practices. (x) The importance of participating in on-going healthcare for an infant and in ongo-ing healthcare for post-partum depression. (xi) Finding, qualifying for, and partici-pating in available community resources with respect to infant care, childcare, and parenting support. (xii) Planning for parenting or guardian-ship of children during deployment. (xiii) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (B) If a parent is deployed at the time of birth— (i) the first home visit pursuant to sub-paragraph (A) shall, to the extent prac-ticable, incorporate both parents, in person with the local parent and by electronic means (such as Skype or FaceTime) with the deployed parent; and (ii) another such home visit shall be con-ducted upon the return of the parent from deployment, and shall include both parents. (C) An electronic directory of community resources available to eligible covered bene-ficiaries and their families in order to assist teams described in subparagraph (A) in con-necting beneficiaries and families with such resources. (D) An electronic integrated data system to— (i) support teams in referring beneficiaries to the services and resources to be offered under subsection (c)(3) and track beneficiary usage; (ii) track interactions between teams de-scribed in subparagraph (A) and eligible beneficiaries and their families; and (iii) otherwise evaluate the implementa-tion and effectiveness of the pilot program. (b) MANDATORY PARTICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary shall require all eligible covered beneficiaries at each instal-lation at which the pilot program is being conducted to be contacted by the pilot pro-gram under this section. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary shall en-courage participation by both parents of a child in the pilot program, but participation by one parent shall be sufficient to meet the requirement under paragraph (1). (c) A
VAILABLE SERVICES AND RESOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall offer services and resources to an eligi-ble covered beneficiary based on the par-ticular needs of the beneficiary and the bene-ficiary’s family. (2) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Participa-tion by an eligible covered beneficiary and family in any service or resource offered under paragraph (1) shall be at the election of the beneficiary. (3) A
SSESSMENT OF ELIGIBLE COVERED BENE -
FICIARIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall conduct, or at-tempt to conduct, an assessment of every eli-gible covered beneficiary and beneficiary family participating in the pilot program, regardless of risk factors, to determine which services and resources to offer such beneficiary and family under paragraph (1). (B) P
ARTICULAR NEEDS .—In conducting an assessment of an eligible covered beneficiary and family under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall assess their needs and eligibility for particular services and resources and connect the beneficiary and family to serv-ices and resources for which they have a need and are eligible, either within the De-partment of Defense or elsewhere. (d) I
NVOLVEMENT OF MEDICAL STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the pilot program under this sec-tion is conducted by licensed medical staff of the Department of Defense and not family advocacy staff. (2) H
OME VISITS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the pilot program includes the fol-lowing: (i) An initial contact made prenatally (ex-cept when not possible, in which case the contact shall occur as soon after birth as possible) by a team described in subsection (a)(3)(A), which shall include screening for the matters specified in that subsection. (ii) Home visits by a nurse or other li-censed medical professional trained in the practices covered by the program at the birth of a child, which visits shall follow a research-based structured clinical protocol and include use of the electronic integrated data described in subsection (a)(3)(D). (B) T
IMING OF VISITS .—The first visits under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall occur be-tween two and five weeks after hospital dis-charge with appropriate follow-up generally accomplished within two home visits. (C) D
URATION OF VISITS .—Visits under this paragraph shall have a duration between 90 minutes and 2 hours. (D) F
INAL VISIT .—Not later than 45 days after the last visit conducted by a nurse under subparagraph (A)(ii) with respect to an eligible covered beneficiary, appropriate staff shall follow-up with the beneficiary and the beneficiary’s family to assess if they are using the services recommended under sub-section (c). (e) I
MPLEMENTATION ASSESSMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out not fewer than five implementation as-sessments in accordance with this subsection in order to assess the effectiveness of the ele-ments and requirements of the pilot pro-gram. (2) SCHEDULE .—The implementation assess-ment required by this subsection shall be completed by not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) L
OCATIONS .—The implementation as-sessments shall be carried out at not less than five military installations selected by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection. In selecting such installations, the Secretary shall select installations representing a range of circumstances, including installa-tions in an urban location and a rural loca-tion, installations with a large population and with a small population, installations currently experiencing high incidence of child abuse, neglect, or both and low inci-dence of child abuse, neglect, or both, instal-lations with a hospital or clinic and without a hospital or clinic, joint installations, and installations serving only one Armed Force. (4) A
SSESSMENT .—In carrying out the im-plementation assessments, the Secretary shall seek to obtain an assessment of each of the following: (A) The ability of nurses or other licensed medical professionals to contact families eli-gible for participation in the pilot program. (B) The extent to which families eligible for participation in the program actually participate in the pilot program. (C) The ability of medical personnel to ad-here to the clinical protocols of the pilot program. (D) The extent to which families partici-pating in the pilot program are being con-nected to services and resources under the pilot program. (E) The extent to which families partici-pating in the pilot program are using serv-ices and resources under the pilot program. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program to be carried out pursuant to this section. The report shall include a com-prehensive description of each implementa-tion assessment to be carried out pursuant to subsection (e), including— (A) the installation at which such imple-mentation assessment is being carried out; (B) a justification for the selection of such installation for purposes of subsection (e); and (C) the elements and requirements of the pilot program being carried out through such implementation assessment, including strat-egy and metrics for evaluating effectiveness. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the commit-tees specified in paragraph (1) a report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive description and as-sessment of each of the implementation as-sessments under subsection (e). (B) A comprehensive description and as-sessment of the pilot program. (C) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of pilot pro-gram, including recommendations for modi-fications of the pilot program or extension of the pilot program on an permanent basis at additional locations. (g) I
MPLEMENTATION DEFENSE -WIDE.—If the Secretary determines as a result of the pilot program that any element of the pilot pro-gram is effective, the Secretary shall take appropriate actions to implement the pilot program as a program throughout and across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3074 June 6, 2018 
the military installations of the Depart-ment. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘community’’, with respect to a military installation, means the catchment area for community services of the installation, including services provided on the installation and services provided by State, county, and local jurisdictions in which the installation is located or in the vi-cinity of the installation. (2) The term ‘‘eligible covered beneficiary’’ means a covered beneficiary (as that term is defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code) who obtains pre-natal and ob-stetrical care in a military medical treat-ment facility in connection with a birth cov-ered by the pilot program. 
SEC. 575. PILOT PROGRAM ON PARTICIPATION OF MILITARY SPOUSES IN TRANSI-TION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall carry out a pilot pro-gram to assess the feasability and advis-ability of permitting military spouses to participate in activities under the Transition Assistance Program (TAP) under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, on military installations. (b) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at not fewer than five military installations selected by the Sec-retary for purposes of the pilot program. (c) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program during the five-year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (d) P
ARTICIPATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the pilot program, the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces assigned to a military installation at which the pilot program is carried out who is par-ticipating in activities under the Transition Assistance Program may participate in such activities under the Program as the spouse considers appropriate, regardless of whether the member is also participating in such ac-tivities at the time of the spouse’s participa-tion. (2) A
DEQUATE FACILITIES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the facilities for the car-rying out of activities under the Transition Assistance Program at each installation at which the pilot program is carried out are adequate to permit the participation in such activities of any spouse of a member of the Armed Forces at the installation who seeks to participate in such activities. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program, including a comprehen-sive description of the pilot program. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than six months after the completion of the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive description of the pilot program, including the installations at which the pilot program was carried out and the rates of participation of military spouses in activities under the Transition Assistance Program pursuant to the pilot program. (B) Such recommendations for extension or expansion of the pilot program, including making the pilot program permanent, as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program. SEC. 576. SMALL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF MILI-TARY SPOUSES ON MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT OF SMALL BUSINESS ACTIVI -
TIES.—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth an assess-ment of the feasibility and advisability of permitting military spouses to engage in small business activities on military instal-lations in the United States and in partner-ship with commissaries, exchange stores, and other morale, welfare, and recreation facili-ties of the Armed Forces in the United States. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment shall— (1) take into account the usage by military spouses of installation facilities, utilities, and other resources in the conduct of small business activities on military installations in the United States and such other matters in connection with the conduct of such busi-ness activities by military spouses as the Secretary considers appropriate; and (2) seek to identify mechanisms to ensure that costs and fees associated with the usage by military spouses of such facilities, utili-ties, and other resources in connection with such business activities does not meaning-fully curtail or eliminate the opportunity for military spouses to profit reasonably from such business activities. Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards 
SEC. 581. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE DISTINGUISHED SERVICE CROSS FOR JUSTIN T. GALLEGOS FOR ACTS OF VALOR DURING OPERATION EN-DURING FREEDOM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the Distinguished Service Cross under section 3742 of such title to Jus-tin T. Gallegos for the acts of valor during Operation Enduring Freedom described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTION DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the actions of Justin T. Gallegos on October 3, 2009, while serving in the grade of Staff Sergeant in Afghanistan while serving with B Troop, 3d Squadron, 61st Cavalry Regiment, 4th Bri-gade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division. 
SEC. 582. AWARD OF MEDALS OR OTHER COM-MENDATIONS TO HANDLERS OF MILITARY WORKING DOGS. 
(a) P ROGRAM OF AWARD REQUIRED .—Each Secretary of a military department shall carry out a program to provide for the award of one or more medals or other commenda-tions to handlers of military working dogs under the jurisdiction of such Secretary to recognize valor or meritorious achievement by such handlers and dogs. (b) M
EDALS AND COMMENDATIONS .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) shall be of such design, and include such elements, as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify. (c) P
RESENTATION AND ACCEPTANCE .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) may be pre-sented to and accepted by the handler con-cerned on behalf of the handler and the mili-tary working dog concerned. (d) R
EGULATIONS .—Medals and commenda-tions shall be awarded under programs under subsection (a) in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section. Subtitle H—Other Matters SEC. 591. AUTHORITY TO AWARD DAMAGED PER-SONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT TO MEMBERS SEPARATING FROM THE ARMED FORCES AND VETERANS AS MEMENTOS OF MILITARY SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 152 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2568a. Damaged personal protective equip-ment: award to members separating from the armed forces and veterans ‘‘The Secretary of a military department may award to a member of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of the Secretary who is separating from the armed forces, and to any veteran formerly under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, demilitarizied personal pro-tective equipment (PPE) of the member or veteran that was damaged in combat or oth-erwise during the deployment of the member or veteran. The award of equipment under this section shall be without cost to the member or veteran concerned.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 152 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2568a. Damaged personal protective equip-ment: award to members sepa-rating from the armed forces and veterans.’’. 
SEC. 592. STANDARDIZATION OF FREQUENCY OF ACADEMY VISITS OF THE AIR FORCE ACADEMY BOARD OF VISITORS WITH ACADEMY VISITS OF BOARDS OF OTHER MILITARY SERVICE ACAD-EMIES. 
Section 9355 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (d) and in-serting the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) The Board shall visit the Academy an-nually. With the approval of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Board or its members may make other visits to the Academy in connec-tion with the duties of the Board or to con-sult with the Superintendent of the Acad-emy. Board members shall have access to the Academy grounds and the cadets, faculty, staff, and other personnel of the Academy for the purposes of the duties of the Board.’’. 
SEC. 593. REDESIGNATION OF THE COMMANDANT OF THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY AS THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Section 9314b(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection heading, by striking ‘‘C
OMMANDANT ’’ and inserting ‘‘P RESIDENT ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Commandant’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and (3) in the heading of paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘
COMMANDANT ’’ and inserting ‘‘
PRESIDENT ’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Commandant of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology shall be deemed to be a reference to the President of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology. 
SEC. 594. LIMITATION ON JUSTIFICATIONS EN-TERED BY MILITARY RECRUITERS FOR ENLISTMENT OR ACCESSION OF INDIVIDUALS INTO THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In any case in which a database or system maintained by an Armed Force regarding the reasons why individuals elect to enlist or access into the Armed Force provides for military recruiters to se-lect among pre-specified options for reasons for such election, military recruiters enter-ing data into such database or system may select only among such pre-specified options as reasons for the enlistment or accession of any particular individual. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3075 June 6, 2018 
(b) M ILITARY RECRUITER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘military recruiter’’ means a person who as the duty to recruit persons into the Armed Forces for military service. 
SEC. 595. NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MILITARY, NATIONAL, AND PUBLIC SERVICE MATTERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 551(c) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2130) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘United States Code)’’ the following: ‘‘or ac-tive status (as that term is defined in sub-section (d)(4) of such section)’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘national service’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘public service’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or State Government’’ and inserting ‘‘, State, Tribal, or local govern-ment’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘public service’’’ and in-serting ‘‘‘national service’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘employment’’ and insert-ing ‘‘participation’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The term ‘establishment date’ means September 19, 2017.’’. (b) E
XCEPTION TO PAPERWORK REDUCTION  A
CT.—Section 555(e) of that Act (130 Stat. 2134) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT .—For pur- poses of developing its recommendations, the information collection of the Commission may be treated as a pilot project under sec-tion 3505(a) of title 44, United States Code. In addition, the Commission shall not be sub-ject to the requirements of section 3506(c)(2)(A) of such title.’’. 
SEC. 596. BURIAL OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS OF INMATES AT THE UNITED STATES DISCIPLINARY BARRACKS CEME-TERY, FORT LEAVENWORTH, KAN-SAS. 
Section 985 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘A person who is ineligible’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in subsection (c), a person who is ineli-gible’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) U
NCLAIMED REMAINS OF MILITARY  P
RISONERS .—Subsection (b) shall not pre-clude the burial at the United States Dis-ciplinary Barracks Cemetery at Fort Leav-enworth, Kansas, of a military prisoner, in-cluding a military prisoner who is a person described in section 2411(b) of title 38, who dies while in custody of a military depart-ment and whose remains are not claimed by the person authorized to direct disposition of the remains or by other persons legally au-thorized to dispose of the remains.’’. 
SEC. 597. SPACE-AVAILABLE TRAVEL ON DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AIRCRAFT FOR VETERANS WITH SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES RATED AS TOTAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 2641b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) Subject to subsection (f), veterans with a permanent service-connected dis-ability rated as total.’’. (b) C
ONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) VETERANS WITH SERVICE -CONNECTED  D
ISABILITIES RATED AS TOTAL .—(1) Travel may not be provided under this section to a veteran eligible for travel pursuant to sub-section (c)(4) in priority over any member el-igible for travel under subsection (c)(1) or any dependent of such a member eligible for travel under this section. ‘‘(2) The authority in subsection (c)(4) may not be construed as affecting or in any way imposing on the Department of Defense, any armed force, or any commercial company with which they contract an obligation or expectation that they will retrofit or alter, in any way, military aircraft or commercial aircraft, or related equipment or facilities, used or leased by the Department or such armed force to accommodate passengers pro-vided travel under such authority on account of disability. ‘‘(3) The authority in subsection (c)(4) may not be construed as preempting the author-ity of a flight commander to determine who boards the aircraft and any other matters in connection with safe operation of the air-craft.’’. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
SEC. 601. FISCAL YEAR 2019 INCREASE IN MILI-TARY BASIC PAY. 
(a) W AIVER OF SECTION 1009 A DJUSTMENT .— The adjustment to become effective during fiscal year 2019 required by section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, in the rates of monthly basic pay authorized members of the uniformed services shall not be made. (b) I
NCREASE IN BASIC PAY.—Effective on January 1, 2019, the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uniformed services are increased by 2.6 percent. 
SEC. 602. REPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR PAYMENT OF PERSONAL MONEY ALLOWANCES TO NAVY OFFICERS SERVING IN CERTAIN POSITIONS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 414 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on December 31, 2018, and shall apply with re-spect to personal money allowances payable under section 414 of title 37, United States Code, for years beginning after that date. 
SEC. 603. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROPOSAL FOR A PAY TABLE FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES USING STEPS IN GRADE BASED ON TIME IN GRADE RATHER THAN TIME IN SERVICE. 
(a) P ROPOSAL REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a proposal for a pay table for members of the Armed Forces that uses steps in grade for each pay grade based on time of service within such pay grade rather than on time of service in the Armed Forces as a whole. (b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT .— Not later than April 1, 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth an assessment by the Comptroller General of the proposed pay table required pursuant to subsection (a), in-cluding an assessment of the effects of using the proposed pay table, rather than the cur-rent pay table for members of the Armed Forces, on recruitment and retention of members of the Armed Forces as a whole and on recruitment and retention of members of the Armed Forces with particular sets of skills (including cyber and other technical skills). SEC. 604. FINANCIAL SUPPORT FOR LESSORS UNDER THE MILITARY HOUSING PRIVATIZATION INITIATIVE DURING 2019. 
(a) S UPPORT AUTHORIZED .—Subject to sub-section (c), for each month during 2019, the Secretary of Defense may pay to a lessor of covered housing up to 2 percent of the amount calculated under section 403(b)(3)(A)(i) of title 37, United States Code, for the area in which the covered housing ex-ists for each member to whom such lessor leases covered housing for such month. (b) C
OVERED HOUSING .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered housing’’ means a unit of housing— (1) acquired or constructed under the alter-native authority of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code (known as the Military Housing Privatization Initia-tive); (2) that is leased to a member of a uni-formed service who resides in such unit; and (3) for which the lessor charges such mem-ber rent that equals or exceeds the amount calculated under section 403(b)(3)(A) of title 37, United States Code. (c) S
UPPORT CONTINGENT ON NOTICE TO CON-
GRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not make payments to a lessor for particular covered housing in 2019 authorized by sub-section (a) until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a notice on such payments. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The notice on payments to a lessor for particular covered housing in 2019 for purposes of paragraph (1) shall in-clude the following: (A) A documented request from the lessor for additional funding in connection with such housing and endorsed by the com-mander of the military installation con-cerned. (B) A description of the formula to be used by the Secretary to calculate the amount of such payments. (C) A description of the current financial condition of the lessor in connection with such housing, including the following: (i) The current debt coverage ratio of the lessor for such housing. (ii) An assessment of the lessor’s ability to fund future sustainment costs for such hous-ing in the absence of payments as described in subsection (a). (iii) An assessment of whether any earn-ings for the lessor from other covered hous-ing, if any, can offset predicted shortfalls in funding for such housing. (D) An assessment of the effects, if any, of recent reductions in basic allowance for housing on the financial viability of such housing for the lessor. (E) A plan to ensure the long-term finan-cial stability of such housing. (F) A recommendation whether the con-tract between the lessor and government for such housing area should be retained with-out modification, or modified, to ensure long-term financial viability of such hous-ing. 
SEC. 605. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF PRESIDENT TO DETERMINE ALTER-NATIVE PAY ADJUSTMENT IN AN-NUAL BASIC PAY OF MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .—Section 1009(e) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or serious economic conditions affecting the general welfare’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3076 June 6, 2018 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and— (1) if the date of the enactment of this Act occurs before September 1 of a year, shall apply with respect to plans for alternative pay adjustments for any year beginning after such year; and (2) if the date of the enactment of this Act occurs after August 31 of a year, shall apply with respect to plans for alternative pay ad-justments for any year beginning after the year following such year. 
SEC. 606. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR HIGH-DEPLOYMENT ALLOWANCE FOR LENGTHY OR NU-MEROUS DEPLOYMENTS AND FRE-QUENT MOBILIZATIONS. 
Section 436(a)(2)(C)(ii) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘under’’ the first place it appears the fol-lowing: ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’. 
SEC. 607. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR NONREDUCTION IN PAY WHILE SERVING IN THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES OR NATIONAL GUARD. 
Section 5538(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting after ‘‘under’’ the following: ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’. 
SEC. 608. TEMPORARY ADJUSTMENT IN RATE OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING FOLLOWING IDENTIFICATION OF SIGNIFICANT UNDERDETERMINA-TION OF CIVILIAN HOUSING COSTS FOR HOUSING AREAS. 
Section 403(b) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8)(A) Under the authority of this para-graph, the Secretary of Defense may pre-scribe a temporary adjustment in the cur-rent rates of basic allowance for housing for a military housing area or portion of a mili-tary housing area if the Secretary deter-mines that the actual costs of adequate housing for civilians in that military hous-ing area or portion thereof differ from such current rates of basic allowance for housing by an amount in excess of 20 percent of such current rates of basic allowance for housing. ‘‘(B) Any temporary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing under this para-graph shall remain in effect only until the next annual adjustment in rates of basic al-lowance for housing under this subsection by law. ‘‘(C) This paragraph shall cease to be effec-tive on December 31, 2019.’’. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays 
SEC. 611. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN EX-PIRING BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITIES. 
(a) A UTHORITIES RELATING TO TITLE 37 C ON-
SOLIDATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND B
ONUS AUTHORITIES .—The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2019’’: (1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus authority for enlisted members. (2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus authority for officers. (3) Section 334(i), relating to special avia-tion incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. (4) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. (5) Section 336(g), relating to contracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. (6) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty pay. (7) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay or special duty pay. (8) Section 353(i), relating to skill incen-tive pay or proficiency bonus. (9) Section 355(h), relating to retention in-centives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. (b) AUTHORITIES RELATING TORESERVE  F
ORCES .—Section 910(g) of title 37, United States Code, relating to income replacement payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobili-zation for active duty service, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (c) T
ITLE 10 A UTHORITIES RELATING TO  H
EALTH CAREPROFESSIONALS .—The following sections of title 10, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’: (1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse of-ficer candidate accession program. (2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of education loans for certain health profes-sionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. (d) A
UTHORITIES RELATING TO NUCLEAR OF-
FICERS .—Section 333(i) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (e) A
UTHORITY TO PROVIDE TEMPORARY IN-
CREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR  H
OUSING .—Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2019’’. Subtitle C—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits 
SEC. 621. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS IN CAL-CULATION AND PUBLICATION OF SPECIAL SURVIVOR INDEMNITY AL-LOWANCE COST OF LIVING ADJUST-MENTS. 
(a) M ONTHS FOR WHICH ADJUSTMENT APPLI-
CABLE .—Paragraph (2) of section 1450(m) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘De-cember’’ and inserting ‘‘November’’; and (2) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘for months during any calendar year after 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for months after November 2018’’. (b) C
OST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Para- graph (6) of such section is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
AFTER 2018 ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AFTER NOVEMBER  
2018’’; and (2) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subpara-graphs: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Whenever retired pay is increased for a month under section 1401a of this title (or any other provision of law), the amount of the allowance payable under para-graph (1) for that month shall also be in-creased. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF INCREASE .—With respect to an eligible survivor of a member of the uni-formed services, the increase for a month shall be— ‘‘(i) the amount payable pursuant to para-graph (2) for months during the preceding 12- month period; plus ‘‘(ii) an amount equal to a percentage of the amount determined pursuant to clause (i), which percentage is the percentage by which the retired pay of the member would have increased for the month, as described in subparagraph (A), if the member was alive (and otherwise entitled to such pay). ‘‘(C) R
OUNDING DOWN .—The monthly amount of an allowance payable under this subsection, if not a multiple of $1, shall be rounded to the next lower multiple of $1. ‘‘(D) P
UBLIC NOTICE ON AMOUNT OF ALLOW -
ANCE PAYABLE .—Whenever an increase in the amount of the allowance payable under para-graph (1) is made pursuant to this paragraph, the Secretary of Defense shall publish the amount of the allowance so payable by rea-son of such increase, including the months for which payable.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on De-cember 1, 2018. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 631. RATES OF PER DIEM FOR LONG-TERM TEMPORARY DUTY ASSIGNMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT ON COST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS OF  N
OVEMBER 2014 C HANGE OF POLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth an analysis, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the costs and benefits of the change in policy of the Department of Defense on rates of per diem for long-term temporary duty assign-ments that took effect on November 1, 2014. The study shall be consistent with the prin-ciples and requirements of Office of Manage-ment and Budget Circular A–94. (2) E
LEMENT ASSESSING COST -BENEFIT .—The report under paragraph (1) shall specify, in particular, whether or not the benefits of the change in policy described in that paragraph have outweighed and will continue to out-weigh the costs of the change of policy. (b) C
ONTINGENT REVERSION TO PRIOR POL-
ICY.— (1) L
ACK OF REPORT .—If the report required by subsection (a)(1) is not submitted to the committees of Congress referred to in that subsection by the contingency date, effective as of the contingency date, the policy of the Department on rates of per diem for long- term temporary duty assignments shall be the policy as in effect as of October 31, 2014. (2) F
INDING OF COSTS OUTWEIGHING BENE -
FITS.—If the specification in the report as re-quired by subsection (a)(2) is that the bene-fits of the change in policy described in sub-section (a)(1) have not outweighed or will not continue to outweigh the costs of the change of policy, effective as of the date of the re-port, the policy of the Department on rates of per diem for long-term temporary duty as-signments shall be the policy as in effect as of October 31, 2014. (3) C
ONTINGENCY DATE DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘contingency date’’ means the date that is 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 632. PROHIBITION ON PER DIEM ALLOW-ANCE REDUCTIONS BASED ON THE DURATION OF TEMPORARY DUTY AS-SIGNMENT OR CIVILIAN TRAVEL. 
(a) M EMBERS .—Section 474(d)(3) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of a military department shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the maximum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the temporary duty assignment in the locality of a member of the armed forces under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary.’’. (b) C
IVILIAN EMPLOYEES .—Section 5702(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the maximum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the travel in the locality of an employee of the Department.’’. (c) R
EPEALS .— (1) E
XISTING POLICY AND REGULATIONS .—The policy, and any regulations issued pursuant to such policy, implemented by the Sec-retary of Defense on November 1, 2014, with respect to reductions in per diem allowances based on duration of temporary duty assign-ment or civilian travel shall have no force or effect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3077 June 6, 2018 
(2) A TTEMPTED STATUTORY FIX .—Section 672 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 37 U.S.C. 474 note; 130 Stat. 2178) is repealed. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits 
SEC. 701. CONSOLIDATION OF COST-SHARING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER TRICARE SE-LECT AND TRICARE PRIME. 
(a) TRICARE S ELECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1075 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking para-graphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) With respect to beneficiaries in the ac-tive-duty family member category or the re-tired category other than beneficiaries de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B), the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated pursuant to subsection (d)(1). ‘‘(2)(A) With respect to beneficiaries de-scribed in subparagraph (B) in the active- duty family member category or the retired category, the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated as if the beneficiary were enrolled in TRICARE Extra or TRICARE Standard as if TRICARE Extra or TRICARE Standard, as the case may be, were still being carried out by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) Beneficiaries described in this sub-paragraph are the following beneficiaries: ‘‘(i) Retired members and the family mem-bers of such retired members covered by sec-tion 1086(c)(1) of this title by reason of being retired under chapter 61 of this title or being a dependent of such a retired member. ‘‘(ii) Survivors covered by section 1086(c)(2) of this title.’’; (B) by striking subsection (e); and (C) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respec-tively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (d)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘, and the amounts specified under para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (e),’’. (b) TRICARE P
RIME.—Section 1075a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) With respect to beneficiaries in the ac-tive-duty family member category or the re-tired category (as described in section 1075(b)(1) of this title) other than bene-ficiaries described in paragraph (3)(B), the cost-sharing requirements shall be cal-culated pursuant to subsection (b)(1).’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-graph (B) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Beneficiaries described in this sub-paragraph are the following beneficiaries: ‘‘(i) Retired members and the family mem-bers of such retired members covered by sec-tion 1086(c)(1) of this title by reason of being retired under chapter 61 of this title or being a dependent of such a retired member. ‘‘(ii) Survivors covered by section 1086(c)(2) of this title.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 702. ADMINISTRATION OF TRICARE DENTAL PLANS THROUGH THE FEDERAL EM-PLOYEES DENTAL INSURANCE PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL BENE-
FICIARIES UNDER THE FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  D
ENTAL INSURANCE PROGRAM .—Section 8951(8) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘1076c’’ and inserting ‘‘1076a or 1076c’’. (b) A
DMINISTRATION OF TRICARE D ENTAL  P
LANS .—Subsection (b) of section 1076a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) ADMINISTRATION OF PLANS .—The plans established under this section shall be ad-ministered by the Secretary of Defense through an agreement with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to allow persons described in subsection (a) to enroll in an insurance plan under chapter 89A of title 5, in accordance with terms prescribed by the Secretary, including terms, to the ex-tent practical, as defined by the Director through regulation, consistent with sub-section (d) and, to the extent practicable in relation to such chapter 89A, other provi-sions of this section.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to the first contract year for chapter 89A of title 5, United States Code, that begins on or after January 1, 2022. (d) T
RANSITION .—To ensure the successful transition of programs, in carrying out the TRICARE dental program under section 1076a of title 10, United States Code, the Sec-retary of Defense shall ensure that the con-tractor for such program provides claims in-formation under such program to carriers providing dental coverage under chapter 89A of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 703. CONTRACEPTION COVERAGE PARITY UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1074d(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(including all methods of contra-ception approved by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration, contraceptive care (including with respect to insertion, removal, and fol-low up), sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling in connection therewith)’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON COST-SHARING FOR CER-
TAIN SERVICES .— (1) TRICARE 
SELECT .—Section 1075(c) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For all beneficiaries under this sec-tion, there is no cost-sharing for any method of contraception provided by a network pro-vider.’’. (2) TRICARE 
PRIME .—Section 1075a(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) For all beneficiaries under this sec-tion, there is no cost-sharing for any method of contraception provided by a network pro-vider.’’. (3) P
HARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM .—Section 1074g(a)(6) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A) and (B), there is no cost-sharing for any pre-scription contraceptive on the uniform for-mulary provided by a network retail phar-macy provider or the mail order pharmacy program.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2020. 
SEC. 704. PILOT PROGRAM ON OPIOID MANAGE-MENT IN THE MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Health Agency shall implement a comprehensive pilot program to minimize early opioid expo-sure in beneficiaries under the TRICARE program and to prevent progression to mis-use or abuse of opioid medications. (2) O
PIOID SAFETY ACROSS CONTINUUM OF  
CARE .—The pilot program shall include ele-ments to maximize opioid safety across the entire continuum of care consisting of pa-tient, physician or dentist, and pharmacist. (b) E
LEMENTS OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The pilot program shall include the following: (1) Identification of potential opioid mis-use or abuse in pharmacies of military treat-ment facilities, retail network pharmacies, and the home delivery pharmacy and trans-mission of alerts regarding such potential mistreatment to opioid prescribing physi-cians or dentists. (2) Direct engagement with, education for, and management of beneficiaries under the TRICARE program to help such beneficiaries avoid opioid misuse or abuse. (3) Provision of in-home disposal kits to deactivate excess opioids and prevent unau-thorized use. (4) Proactive outreach by specialist phar-macists to such beneficiaries when identi-fying potential opioid misuse or abuse. (5) Monitoring of such beneficiaries through the use of predictive analytics to identify the potential for abuse and addic-tion before such beneficiaries begin an opioid prescription. (6) Detection of fraud, waste, and abuse. (c) REPORT ON PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days before completion of the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that describes the conduct of the pilot pro-gram. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the pilot program, in-cluding outcome measures developed to de-termine the overall effectiveness of the pilot program. (B) A description of the ability of the pilot program to identify opioid misuse and abuse among beneficiaries under the TRICARE pro-gram in each pharmacy venue of the phar-macy program of the military health system. (C) A description of the impact of the use of predictive analytics to monitor such bene-ficiaries to identify the potential for opioid abuse and addiction before such beneficiaries begin an opioid prescription. (D) A description of any reduction in the misuse or abuse of opioid medications among such beneficiaries as a result of the pilot pro-gram. (d) D
URATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Director shall carry out the pilot program for a period of not more than three years. (2) E
XPANSION .—The Director may imple-ment the pilot program on a permanent basis if the Director determines that the pilot pro-gram successfully reduces early opioid expo-sure in beneficiaries under the TRICARE program and prevents progression to misuse or abuse of opioid medications. (e) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 705. PILOT PROGRAM ON TREATMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DIS-ORDER RELATED TO MILITARY SEX-UAL TRAUMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of using inten-sive outpatient programs to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post- traumatic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for substance abuse, depression, and other issues related to such conditions. (b) D
ISCHARGE THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS .— The pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall be carried out through partnerships with public, private, and non-profit health care organizations and institutions that— (1) provide health care to members of the Armed Forces; (2) provide evidence-based treatment for psychological and neurological conditions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3078 June 6, 2018 
that are common among members of the Armed Forces, including post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, sub-stance abuse, and depression; (3) provide health care, support, and other benefits to family members of members of the Armed Forces; and (4) provide health care under the TRICARE program (as that term is defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code). (c) P
ROGRAM ACTIVITIES .—Each organiza-tion or institution that participates in a partnership under the pilot program author-ized by subsection (a) shall— (1) carry out intensive outpatient pro-grams of short duration to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post-trau-matic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for sub-stance abuse, depression, and other issues re-lated to such conditions; (2) use evidence-based and evidence-in-formed treatment strategies in carrying out such programs; (3) share clinical and outreach best prac-tices with other organizations and institu-tions participating in the pilot program; and (4) annually assess outcomes for members of the Armed Forces individually and among the organizations and institutions partici-pating in the pilot program with respect to the treatment of conditions described in paragraph (1). (d) E
VALUATION METRICS .—Before com-mencement of the pilot program, the Sec-retary shall establish metrics to be used to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot pro-gram and the activities under the pilot pro-gram. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program authorized by subsection (a). The report shall include a description of the pilot program and such other matters on the pilot program as the Secretary considers ap-propriate. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the cessation of the pilot program under subsection (f), the Secretary shall sub-mit to the committees of Congress referred to in paragraph (1) a report on the pilot pro-gram. The report shall include the following: (A) A description of the pilot program, in-cluding the partnership under the pilot pro-gram as described in subsection (b). (B) An assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot program and the activities under the pilot program. (C) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, including recommendations for ex-tension or making permanent the authority for the pilot program. (f) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may not carry out the pilot program authorized by subsection (a) after the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 711. IMPROVEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION OF DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY AND MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FA-CILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) In addition to the responsibilities set forth in paragraph (1), the Director of the Defense Health Agency shall have the au-thority— ‘‘(A) to direct, control, and serve as the primary rater of the performance of com-manders or directors of military medical treatment facilities; ‘‘(B) to direct and control any inter-mediary organizations between the Defense Health Agency and military medical treat-ment facilities; ‘‘(C) to determine the scope of medical care provided at each military medical treatment facility to meet the military personnel read-iness requirements of the senior military operational commander of the military in-stallation; ‘‘(D) to determine total workforce require-ments at each military medical treatment facility; ‘‘(E) to direct joint manning at military medical treatment facilities and inter-mediary organizations; ‘‘(F) to establish training and skills sustainment venues for military medical personnel; ‘‘(G) to address personnel staffing short-ages at military medical treatment facili-ties; and ‘‘(H) to approve service nominations for commanders or directors of military medical treatment facilities.’’. (b) COMBAT SUPPORT RESPONSIBILITIES .— Subsection (d)(2) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(C) Ensuring that the Defense Health Agency meets the military personnel readi-ness requirements of the senior military operational commanders of the military in-stallations.’’. 
SEC. 712. ORGANIZATIONAL FRAMEWORK OF THE MILITARY HEALTHCARE SYSTEM TO SUPPORT MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) O RGANIZATIONAL FRAMEWORK RE-
QUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall, act-ing through the Director of the Defense Health Agency, implement an organizational framework for the military healthcare sys-tem that most effectively implements chap-ter 55 of title 10, United States Code, in a manner that maximizes interoperability and fully integrates medical capabilities of the Armed Forces in order to enhance joint mili-tary medical operations in support of re-quirements of the combatant commands. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) C
OMMENCEMENT .—Implementation of the organizational framework required by subsection (a) shall commence not later than October 1, 2018. (2) P
HASED IMPLEMENTATION .—Implementa-tion of the organizational framework may occur in phases, as considered appropriate by the Director. (3) C
OMPLETION .—The organizational framework shall be fully implemented by not later than October 1, 2020. (4) C
OMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The organizational framework, as implemented, shall comply with all require-ments of section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, except for the October 1, 2018, implementation date specified in such sec-tion. (c) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS IN CONUS R
EQUIRED .—The organizational framework required by subsection (a) shall meet the re-quirements as follows: (1) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS .—There shall be not more than three health-readi-ness regions established in the continental United States. (2) L
EADER .—Each region under paragraph (1) shall be led by a commander or director who is a member of the Armed Forces serv-ing in a grade not higher than major general or rear admiral and who shall be— (A) selected by the Director from among members of the Armed Forces recommended by the military departments for service in such position; and (B) under the authority, direction, and control of the Director while serving in such position. (3) REGIONAL HUBS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each region under para-graph (1) shall include a major military med-ical center designated by the Director to serve as the regional hub for the provision of specialized medical services in such region. (B) C
APABILITIES .—A major medical center may not be designated as a regional hub un-less the center— (i) includes one or more large graduate medical education training platforms; and (ii) provides, at a minimum, role 4 medical care. (C) L
OCATION .—Any major medical center designated as a regional hub of a region shall be geographically located so as to maximize the support provided by uniformed medical resources in the region to the combatant commands. In designating major medical centers as a regional hub, the Director shall give consideration to the collocation of such centers with major aerial debarkation points of patients in the medical evacuation system of the United States Transportation Com-mand. (D) M
AJOR HEALTH CARE DELIVERY PLAT -
FORM .—A major medical center designated as a regional hub of a region shall serve as the major health care delivery platform for the provision of complex specialized medical care in the region, whether through patient referrals from other military medical treat-ment facilities in the region or through re-ferrals from other regions in the case of cer-tain specialized medical services (such as treatment for severe burns) which may only be available at a military medical treatment facility within the region. (4) A
DDITIONAL MILITARY MEDICAL CEN -
TERS .—Consistent with section 1073d of title 10, United States Code, each region under paragraph (1) may include one or more addi-tional military medical centers, whether es-tablished or maintained by the Director for purposes of this section, in order to serve lo-cations in the region, if any, as follows: (A) Locations with large beneficiary popu-lations. (B) Locations that serve as the primary readiness platforms of the Armed Forces. (5) P
ATIENT REFERRALS AND COORDINA -
TION.—The Director shall ensure effective and efficient medical care referrals and co-ordination among military medical treat-ment facilities in each region under para-graph (1), and among local or regional high- performing health systems in the region, through local or regional partnerships with institutional or individual civilian providers. (d) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS OCONUS R
EQUIRED .—The organizational framework required by subsection (a) shall meet the re-quirements as follows: (1) H
EALTH -READINESS REGIONS .—There shall be established not more than two health-readiness regions outside the conti-nental United States— (A) to enhance joint military medical oper-ations in support of the requirements of the combatant commands in such region or re-gions, with a specific focus on existing and future contingency and operational plans; (B) to ensure the provision of high-quality healthcare services to beneficiaries; and (C) to improve the interoperability of healthcare delivery systems in regions (whether under this subsection, subsection (c), or both). (2) P
ATIENT REFERRALS AND COORDINA -
TION.—The Director shall ensure effective 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3079 June 6, 2018 
and efficient medical care referrals and co-ordination among military medical treat-ment facilities in any region under para-graph (1), and among local or regional high- performing health systems in such region. (e) P
LANNING AND COORDINATION .— (1) S
USTAINMENT OF CLINICAL COMPETENCIES  
AND STAFFING .—The Director shall— (A) provide in each health-readiness region under this section healthcare delivery venues for uniformed medical and dental per-sonnel to obtain operational clinical com-petencies; and (B) coordinate with the military depart-ments to ensure that staffing at military medical treatment facilities in each region supports readiness requirements for mem-bers of the Armed Forces and military med-ical personnel. (2) O
VERSIGHT AND ALLOCATION OF RE -
SOURCES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall, con-sistent with section 193 of title 10, United States Code, coordinate with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, through the Joint Staff Surgeon, to conduct oversight and direct resources to support requirements related to readiness or operational medicine support that are validated by the Joint Staff. (B) S
UPPLY AND DEMAND FOR MEDICAL SERV -
ICES.—Based on operational medical force readiness requirements of the combatant commands validated by the Joint Staff, the Director shall— (i) validate supply and demand require-ments for medical and dental services at each military medical treatment facility; (ii) in coordination with the operational medical force readiness organizations re-quired by subsection (f)(1), provide currency workload for uniformed medical and dental personnel at each facility to maintain skills proficiency; and (iii) if workload is insufficient to meet re-quirements, identify alternative training and clinical practice sites for uniformed medical and dental personnel, and establish military-civilian training partnerships, to provide such workload. (f) O
PERATIONAL MEDICAL FORCE READINESS  O
RGANIZATIONS OF THE ARMED FORCES .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than Octo-ber 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Secretary of the military department concerned, establish in each military department an operational medical force readiness organization in accordance with this subsection. (2) L
EADER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each operational medical force readiness organization established under paragraph (1) shall be led by the Sur-geon General of an Armed Force. (B) C
ONSTRUCTION OF DUTIES .—The duties of a Surgeon General under this paragraph as leader of an operational medical force readi-ness organization are in addition to the du-ties of such Surgeon General under section 3036, 5137, or 8036 of title 10, United States Code, as applicable. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of an operational medical force readiness or-ganization are limited to the responsibilities as follows: (A) To recruit, organize, train, and equip uniformed medical and dental personnel of the military department concerned. (B) To assign uniformed medical and den-tal personnel of the military department concerned to military medical treatment fa-cilities for training activities specific to such military department and for oper-ational and training missions, during which assignment such personnel shall be under the operational control of the commander or di-rector of the military medical treatment fa-cility concerned, subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Director. (C) To ensure the readiness for operational deployment of medical and dental personnel and deployable medical or dental teams or units of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned. (D) To provide logistical support for oper-ational deployment of medical and dental personnel and deployable medical or dental teams or units of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned. (E) To oversee the mobilization and demo-bilization in connection with operational de-ployment of medical and dental personnel of the Armed Force or Armed Forces con-cerned. (F) To carry out operational medical and dental force development for the military de-partment concerned. (G) In coordination with the Secretary concerned, to ensure that the operational medical force readiness organizations of the Armed Forces support the medical and den-tal readiness responsibilities of the Director and the Secretary concerned. (4) MEDICAL FORCE REQUIREMENTS OF COM -
BATANT COMMANDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each operational medical force readiness organization shall ensure that the uniformed medical and dental per-sonnel serving in the military department concerned receive training and clinical prac-tice opportunities necessary to ensure that such personnel are capable of meeting the operational medical force requirements of the combatant commands applicable to such personnel. Such training and practice oppor-tunities shall be provided through programs and activities of the Defense Health Agency and by such other mechanisms as the Sec-retary shall designate for purposes of this paragraph. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The commanders of the combatant commands shall apprise oper-ational medical force readiness organiza-tions of the operational medical force re-quirements of the combatant commands through the Joint Staff. (5) N
O COMMAND AUTHORITY .—An oper-ational medical force readiness organization established under paragraph (1) shall have no command authority. (g) D
ISESTABLISHMENT OF SUPERSEDED MED-
ICAL ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the date on which the Secretary of Defense establishes an operational medical force readiness orga-nization within a military department pur-suant to subsection (f), the Secretary of De-fense shall, acting through the Secretary of such military department concerned, dises-tablish the following: (A) In the case of the Army, the Army Medical Command, and any associated sub-ordinate command or organization. (B) In the case of the Navy, the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery of the Navy, and any associated subordinate command or organi-zation. (C) In the case of the Air Force, the Air Force Medical Service, and any associated subordinate command or organization. (2) T
RANSFER OF PERSONNEL AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .—Any personnel authorization of a command or organization disestablished pur-suant to paragraph (1) as of the date of dis-establishment may be transferred by the Secretary to the Defense Health Agency or any other organization of the Department of Defense considered appropriate by the Sec-retary, including an operational medical force readiness organization under sub-section (f). 
SEC. 713. STREAMLINING OF TRICARE PRIME BENEFICIARY REFERRAL PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall streamline the process under section 1095f of title 10, United States Code, by which beneficiaries enrolled in TRICARE Prime are referred to the civilian provider network for inpatient or outpatient care under the TRICARE program. (b) OBJECTIVES .—In carrying out the re-quirement in subsection (a), the Secretary shall meet the following objectives: (1) The referral process shall model best in-dustry practices for referrals from primary care managers to specialty care providers. (2) The process shall strictly limit admin-istrative requirements for enrolled bene-ficiaries, relying instead on communications among providers and care coordinators to ar-range appointments within applicable access to care scheduling time standards. (3) Beneficiary preferences for communica-tions relating to appointment referrals using state-of-the-art information technology shall be used to expedite the process. (4) There shall be effective and efficient processes to determine the availability of ap-pointments at military medical treatment facilities and, when unavailable, to make prompt referrals to network providers under the TRICARE program. (5) There shall be no right-of-first refusal requirement under the process. (c) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The requirement in subsection (a) shall be imple-mented for referrals under TRICARE Prime in calendar year 2019. (d) E
VALUATION AND IMPROVEMENT .—After 2019, the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the process described in sub-section (a) not less often annually; and (2) make appropriate improvements to the process in light of such evaluation. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘TRICARE program’’ and ‘‘TRICARE Prime’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 714. SHARING OF INFORMATION WITH STATE PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONI-TORING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1074g of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection (g): ‘‘(g) S
HARING OF INFORMATION WITHSTATE  P
RESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PRO-
GRAMS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish and maintain a program (to be known as the ‘Military Health System Pre-scription Drug Monitoring Program’) in ac-cordance with this subsection. The program shall include a special emphasis on drugs provided through facilities of the uniformed services. ‘‘(2) The program shall be— ‘‘(A) comparable to prescription drug mon-itoring programs operated by States, includ-ing such programs approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–3); and ‘‘(B) applicable to designated controlled substance prescriptions under the pharmacy benefits program. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall establish ap-propriate procedures for the bi-directional sharing of patient-specific information re-garding prescriptions for designated con-trolled substances between the program and State prescription drug monitoring pro-grams. ‘‘(B) The purpose of sharing of information under this paragraph shall be to prevent mis-use and diversion of opioid medications and other designated controlled substances. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3080 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(C) Any disclosure of patient-specific in-formation by the Secretary under this para-graph is an authorized disclosure for pur-poses of the health information privacy regu-lations promulgated under the Health Insur-ance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191). ‘‘(4)(A) Any procedures developed pursuant to paragraph (3)(A) shall include appropriate safeguards, as determined by the Secretary, concerning cyber security of Department of Defense systems and operational security of Department personnel. ‘‘(B) To the extent the Secretary considers appropriate, the program may be treated as comparable to a State program for purposes of bi-directional sharing of controlled sub-stance prescription information. ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection, any reference to a program operated by a State includes any program operated by a county, municipality, or other subdivision within that State.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1079(q) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 1074g(g)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1074g(h)’’. 
SEC. 715. IMPROVEMENT OF REIMBURSEMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF ENTI-TIES CARRYING OUT STATE VAC-CINATION PROGRAMS IN CONNEC-TION WITH VACCINES PROVIDED TO COVERED BENEFICIARIES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
Section 719(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1074g note) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for the cost of vaccines provided to covered bene-ficiaries through such program’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to purchase vaccines provided’’ and inserting ‘‘in making vaccines available’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘to provide vaccines’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘with respect to a State vaccination pro-gram may not exceed the amount the De-partment would reimburse an entity for making vaccines available to the number of covered beneficiaries who reside in the State concerned.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF LIMITATION .—Sub- paragraph (B) shall not apply to amounts as-sessed by entities that provide independent verification that the assessments of such en-tities are below the costs of the private sec-tor in making vaccines available.’’. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 721. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MED-ICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as amended by section 722 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), section 723 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–92), section 741(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), and section 719 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. SEC. 722. INCREASE IN NUMBER OF APPOINTED MEMBERS OF THE HENRY M. JACK-SON FOUNDATION FOR THE AD-VANCEMENT OF MILITARY MEDI-CINE. 
Section 178(c)(1)(C) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘four members’’ and inserting ‘‘six members’’. 
SEC. 723. CESSATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR MENTAL HEALTH ASSESSMENT OF MEMBERS AFTER REDEPLOYMENT FROM A CONTINGENCY OPERATION UPON DISCHARGE OR RELEASE FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1074m of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘Once’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (d), once’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a)(1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (C) or (D) of subsection (a)(1)’’. 
SEC. 724. PILOT PROGRAM ON EARNING BY SPE-CIAL OPERATIONS FORCES MEDICS OF CREDITS TOWARDS A PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT DEGREE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs shall conduct a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of partnerships between special operations forces and institutions of higher education, and health care systems if deter-mined appropriate by the Assistant Sec-retary for purposes of the pilot program, through which special operations forces med-ics earn credit toward the master’s degree of physician assistant for military operational work and training performed by the medics. (b) D
URATION .—The Assistant Secretary shall conduct the pilot program for a period not to exceed five years. (c) C
LINICAL TRAINING .—Partnerships under subsection (a) shall permit medics partici-pating in the pilot program to conduct clin-ical training at medical facilities of the De-partment of Defense and the civilian sector. (d) E
VALUATION .—The evaluation of work and training performed by medics for which credits are earned under the pilot program shall comply with civilian clinical evalua-tion standards applicable to the awarding of master’s degrees of physician assistant. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representative a re-port that shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive framework for the military education to be provided to special operations forces medics under the pilot pro-gram, including courses of instruction at in-stitutions of higher education and any health care systems participating in the pilot program. (B) Metrics to be used to assess the effec-tiveness of the pilot program. (C) A description of the mechanisms to be used by the Department, medics, or both to cover the costs of education received by medics under the pilot program through in-stitutions of higher education or health care systems, including payment by the Depart-ment in return for a military service com-mitment, tuition or other educational assist-ance by the Department, use by medics of post-9/11 educational assistance available through the Department of Veterans Affairs, and any other mechanisms the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the pilot program. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a final report on the pilot program. The report shall include the fol-lowing: (A) An evaluation of the pilot program using the metrics of assessment set forth pursuant to paragraph (1)(B). (B) An assessment of the utility of the funding mechanisms set forth pursuant to paragraph (1)(C). (C) An assessment of the effects of the pilot program on recruitment and retention of medics for special operations forces. (D) An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of extending one or more au-thorities for joint professional military edu-cation under chapter 107 of title 10, United States Code, to warrant officers or enlisted personnel, and if the Secretary considers the extension of any such authorities feasible and advisable, recommendations for legisla-tive or administrative action to so extend such authorities. (f) CONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed to— (1) authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government to create, endorse, or otherwise incentivize a particular cur-riculum or degree track; or (2) require, direct, review, or control a State or educational institution, or the in-structional content, curriculum, and related activities of a State or educational institu-tion. 
SEC. 725. PILOT PROGRAM ON PARTNERSHIPS WITH CIVILIAN ORGANIZATIONS FOR SPECIALIZED MEDICAL TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of establishing partnerships with public, private, and non- profit organizations and institutions to pro-vide short-term specialized medical training to advance the medical skills and capabili-ties of military medical providers. (b) D
URATION .—The Secretary may carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) for a period of not more than three years. (c) E
VALUATION METRICS .—Before com-mencing the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall establish metrics to be used to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot program. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days before the commencement of the pilot pro-gram under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the pilot program. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall include a description of the pilot program, the evaluation metrics established under subsection (c), and such other matters relating to the pilot program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) F
INAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the completion of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i) A description of the pilot program, in-cluding the partnerships established under the pilot program as described in subsection (a). (ii) An assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot program. (iii) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, including recommendations for ex-tending or making permanent the authority for the pilot program. (e) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for the Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3081 June 6, 2018 
Health Program for education and training shall be increased by $2,500,000. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The amount of the in-crease of the authorization under paragraph (1) shall be available to carry out this sec-tion and shall remain available for obliga-tion until the completion of the pilot pro-gram under this section. 
SEC. 726. REGISTRY OF INDIVIDUALS EXPOSED TO PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES ON MILITARY INSTAL-LATIONS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) establish and maintain a registry for eligible individuals who may have been ex-posed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (in this section referred to as ‘‘PFAS’’) due to the environmental release of aqueous film-forming foam (in this section referred to as ‘‘AFFF’’) on military installations to meet the requirements of military specifica-tion MIL-F-24385F; (B) include any information in such reg-istry that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines necessary to ascertain and mon-itor the health effects of the exposure of members of the Armed Forces to PFAS asso-ciated with AFFF; (C) develop a public information campaign to inform eligible individuals about the reg-istry, including how to register and the bene-fits of registering; and (D) periodically notify eligible individuals of significant developments in the study and treatment of conditions associated with ex-posure to PFAS. (2) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall coordinate with the Sec-retary of Defense in carrying out paragraph (1). (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date on which the registry under subsection (a) is established, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress an initial report containing the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of actions taken by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense to col-lect and maintain information on the health effects of exposure to PFAS. (B) Recommendations to improve the col-lection and maintenance of such informa-tion. (C) Using established and previously pub-lished epidemiological studies, recommenda-tions regarding the most effective and pru-dent means of addressing the medical needs of eligible individuals with respect to expo-sure to PFAS. (2) F
OLLOW -UP REPORT .—Not later than five years after submitting the initial report under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall submit to Congress a fol-low-up report containing the following: (A) An update to the initial report sub-mitted under paragraph (1). (B) An assessment of whether and to what degree the content of the registry estab-lished under subsection (a) is current and scientifically up-to-date. (3) I
NDEPENDENT SCIENTIFIC ORGANIZA -
TION.—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall enter into an agreement with an inde-pendent scientific organization to prepare the reports under paragraphs (1) and (2). (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR ADDITIONAL EX-
POSURES TO BEINCLUDED .—Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every five years thereafter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, shall submit to Congress rec-ommendations for additional chemicals with respect to which individuals exposed to such chemicals should be included in the registry established under subsection (a). (d) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible individual’’ means any individual who, on or after a date specified by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs through regulations, served or is serv-ing in the Armed Forces at a military instal-lation where AFFF was used or at another location of the Department of Defense where AFFF was used. 
SEC. 727. INCLUSION OF GAMBLING DISORDER IN HEALTH ASSESSMENTS FOR MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND RELATED RESEARCH EFFORTS. 
(a) A NNUAL PERIODIC HEALTH ASSESS -
MENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall incor-porate medical screening questions specific to gambling disorder into the Annual Peri-odic Health Assessment conducted by the Department of Defense for members of the Armed Forces. (b) R
ESEARCH EFFORTS .—The Secretary shall incorporate into ongoing research ef-forts of the Department questions on gam-bling disorder, as appropriate, including by restoring such questions into the Health Re-lated Behaviors Survey of Active Duty Mili-tary Personnel and the Health Related Be-haviors Survey of Reserve Component Per-sonnel. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on efforts un-dertaken pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) and the findings of the assessments and sur-veys described in those subsections with re-spect to the prevalence of gambling disorder among members of the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 728. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY OVER-SIGHT OF TRICARE MANAGED CARE SUPPORT CONTRACTORS. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of the oversight con-ducted by the Defense Health Agency with respect to the transition of managed care support contractors for the TRICARE pro-gram. (b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The review con-ducted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The extent to which the Defense Health Agency provided guidance and oversight to the outgoing and incoming managed care support contractors during the transition pe-riod prior to the start of health care deliv-ery. (2) The extent to which there were any issues with health care delivery, and if so— (A) the effect, if any, of the guidance and oversight by the Defense Health Agency dur-ing the transition period on those issues; and (B) the solutions of the Defense Health Agency for remediating any deficiencies of managed care support contractors. (3) The extent to which the Defense Health Agency has reviewed any lessons learned from prior transitions and incorporated those lessons into the current transition. (c) O
NGOING REQUIREMENT .—The Comp-troller General shall review any transition of managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program occurring after the date of the review under subsection (a) and sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a similar review for each such transition. (d) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management SEC. 801. PERMANENT SUPPLY CHAIN RISK MAN-AGEMENT AUTHORITY. 
(a) P ERMANENT EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2339a. Requirements for information relat-ing to supply chain risk ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (b), the head of a covered agency may— ‘‘(1) carry out a covered procurement ac-tion; and ‘‘(2) limit, notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, in whole or in part, the disclo-sure of information relating to the basis for carrying out a covered procurement action. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .— The head of a covered agency may exercise the authority provided in subsection (a) only after— ‘‘(1) obtaining a joint recommendation by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion and Sustainment and the Chief Informa-tion Officer of the Department of Defense, on the basis of a risk assessment by the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, that there is a significant supply chain risk to a covered system; ‘‘(2) making a determination in writing, in unclassified or classified form, with the con-currence of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, that— ‘‘(A) use of the authority in subsection (a)(1) is necessary to protect national secu-rity by reducing supply chain risk; ‘‘(B) less intrusive measures are not rea-sonably available to reduce such supply chain risk; and ‘‘(C) in a case where the head of the cov-ered agency plans to limit disclosure of in-formation under subsection (a)(2), the risk to national security due to the disclosure of such information outweighs the risk due to not disclosing such information; and ‘‘(3) providing a classified or unclassified notice of the determination made under paragraph (2) to the appropriate congres-sional committees, which notice shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) the information required by section 2304(f)(3) of this title; ‘‘(B) the joint recommendation by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense as spec-ified in paragraph (1); ‘‘(C) a summary of the risk assessment by the Under Secretary of Defense for Intel-ligence that serves as the basis for the joint recommendation specified in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(D) a summary of the basis for the deter-mination, including a discussion of less in-trusive measures that were considered and why they were not reasonably available to reduce supply chain risk. ‘‘(c) D
ELEGATION .—The head of a covered agency may not delegate the authority pro-vided in subsection (a) or the responsibility to make a determination under subsection (b) to an official below the level of the serv-ice acquisition executive for the agency con-cerned. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON DISCLOSURE .—If the head of a covered agency has exercised the authority provided in subsection (a)(2) to limit disclosure of information— ‘‘(1) no action undertaken by the agency head under such authority shall be subject to review in a bid protest before the Govern-ment Accountability Office or in any Federal court; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3082 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(2) the agency head shall— ‘‘(A) notify appropriate parties of a covered procurement action and the basis for such action only to the extent necessary to effec-tuate the covered procurement action; ‘‘(B) notify other Department of Defense components or other Federal agencies re-sponsible for procurements that may be sub-ject to the same or similar supply chain risk, in a manner and to the extent consistent with the requirements of national security; and ‘‘(C) ensure the confidentiality of any such notifications. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) H
EAD OF A COVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘head of a covered agency’ means each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of the Army. ‘‘(C) The Secretary of the Navy. ‘‘(D) The Secretary of the Air Force. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED PROCUREMENT ACTION .—The term ‘covered procurement action’ means any of the following actions, if the action takes place in the course of conducting a covered procurement: ‘‘(A) The exclusion of a source that fails to meet qualification standards established in accordance with the requirements of section 2319 of this title for the purpose of reducing supply chain risk in the acquisition of cov-ered systems. ‘‘(B) The exclusion of a source that fails to achieve an acceptable rating with regard to an evaluation factor providing for the con-sideration of supply chain risk in the evalua-tion of proposals for the award of a contract or the issuance of a task or delivery order. ‘‘(C) The decision to withhold consent for a contractor to subcontract with a particular source or to direct a contractor for a covered system to exclude a particular source from consideration for a subcontract under the contract. ‘‘(3) C
OVERED PROCUREMENT .—The term ‘covered procurement’ means— ‘‘(A) a source selection for a covered sys-tem or a covered item of supply involving ei-ther a performance specification, as provided in section 2305(a)(1)(C)(ii) of this title, or an evaluation factor, as provided in section 2305(a)(2)(A) of this title, relating to supply chain risk; ‘‘(B) the consideration of proposals for and issuance of a task or delivery order for a cov-ered system or a covered item of supply, as provided in section 2304c(d)(3) of this title, where the task or delivery order contract concerned includes a contract clause estab-lishing a requirement relating to supply chain risk; or ‘‘(C) any contract action involving a con-tract for a covered system or a covered item of supply where such contract includes a clause establishing requirements relating to supply chain risk. ‘‘(4) S
UPPLY CHAIN RISK .—The term ‘supply chain risk’ means the risk that an adversary may sabotage, maliciously introduce un-wanted function, or otherwise subvert the design, integrity, manufacturing, produc-tion, distribution, installation, operation, or maintenance of a covered system so as to surveil, deny, disrupt, or otherwise degrade the function, use, or operation of such sys-tem. ‘‘(5) C
OVERED SYSTEM .—The term ‘covered system’ means a national security system, as that term is defined in section 3542(b) of title 44. ‘‘(6) C
OVERED ITEM OF SUPPLY .—The term ‘covered item of supply’ means an item of in-formation technology (as that term is de-fined in section 11101 of title 40) that is pur-chased for inclusion in a covered system, and the loss of integrity of which could result in a supply chain risk for a covered system. ‘‘(7) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a covered system in-cluded in the National Intelligence Program or the Military Intelligence Program, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate, the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives, and the congressional defense committees; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a covered system not otherwise included in subparagraph (A), the congressional defense committees.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2339 the following new item: ‘‘2339a. Requirements for information relat-ing to supply chain risk.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 806(g) of the Ike Skelton National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note) is hereby repealed. 
SEC. 802. COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE MARKET RESEARCH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 2431a of title 10, United States code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) The term ‘market research’ in-cludes— ‘‘(A) government market research directly with prospective vendors, including— ‘‘(i) contacting knowledgeable individuals in government and industry regarding mar-ket capabilities to meet requirements; ‘‘(ii) reviewing the results of recent market research undertaken to meet similar or iden-tical requirements; ‘‘(iii) publishing formal requests for infor-mation in appropriate technical or scientific journals or business publications; ‘‘(iv) querying the governmentwide data-base of contracts and other procurement in-struments intended for use by multiple agen-cies; ‘‘(v) participating in interactive, on-line communication among industry, acquisition personnel, and customers; ‘‘(vi) obtaining source lists of similar items from other contracting activities or agencies, trade associations, or other sources; ‘‘(vii) reviewing catalogs and other gen-erally available product literature published by manufacturers, distributors, and dealers or available online; ‘‘(viii) conducting interchange meetings or holding presolicitation conferences to in-volve potential offerors early in the acquisi-tion process; and ‘‘(ix) ensuring that any conflicts of inter-est presented by vendors providing govern-ment capability statements are both dis-closed and mitigated; and ‘‘(B) commercially available third-party market research.’’. (b) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall review the guidance of the Department of Defense with regard to those portions of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion regarding commercially available mar-ket research, including sections 10.001(a)(2)(vi) and 10.002(b). The review shall, at a minimum— (1) assess the impact that conducting mar-ket research has on the Department’s re-sources; and (2) ensure that commercially available market research is considered among other sources of research, as appropriate, and re-viewed prior to developing new requirements documents for an acquisition by the Depart-ment. SEC. 803. COMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF ACQUISITION PROGRAMS AND RELATED INITIATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 131 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2229b. Comptroller General assessment on acquisition programs and initiatives ‘‘(a) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees an annual assessment of selected acqui-sition programs and initiatives of the De-partment of Defense by March 30th of each year, beginning in 2020. ‘‘(b) A
NALYSES TOBEINCLUDED .—The as- sessment required under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) a macro analysis of how well acquisi-tion programs and initiatives are performing and reasons for that performance; ‘‘(2) a summary of organizational and legis-lative changes and emerging assessment methodologies since the last assessment, and a discussion of the implications for execu-tion and oversight of programs and initia-tives; and ‘‘(3) specific analyses of individual acquisi-tion programs and initiatives. ‘‘(c) A
CQUISITION PROGRAMS AND INITIA -
TIVES TO BECONSIDERED .—The assessment required under subsection (a) shall consider the following programs and initiatives: ‘‘(1) Selected weapon systems, as deter-mined appropriate by the Comptroller Gen-eral. ‘‘(2) Selected information technology sys-tems and initiatives, including defense busi-ness systems, networks, and software-inten-sive systems, as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(3) Selected prototyping and rapid field-ing activities and initiatives, as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2229a the following new item: ‘‘2229b. Comptroller General assessment on acquisition programs and re-lated initiatives.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED AUTHORITY .— Section 883(d) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by striking paragraph (1). Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limi-tations 
SEC. 811. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-TRACTING DISPUTE MATTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out a study of the frequency and effects of bid protests involving the same contract award or pro-posed award that have been filed at both the Government Accountability Office and the United States Court of Federal Claims. The study shall cover Department of Defense contracts and include, at a minimum— (1) the number of protests that have been filed with both tribunals and results; (2) the number of such protests where the tribunals differed in denying or sustaining the action; (3) the length of time, in average time and median time— (A) from initial filing at the Government Accountability Office to decision in the United States Court of Federal Claims; (B) from filing with each tribunal to deci-sion by such tribunal; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3083 June 6, 2018 
(C) from the time at which the basis of the protest is known to the time of filing in each tribunal; and (D) in the case of an appeal from a decision of the United States Court of Federal Claims, from the date of the initial filing of the appeal to decision in the appeal; (4) the number of protests where perform-ance was stayed or enjoined and for how long; (5) if performance was stayed or enjoined, whether the requirement was obtained in the interim through another vehicle or in-house, or whether during the period of the stay or enjoining the requirement went unfulfilled; (6) separately for each tribunal, the num-ber of protests where performance was stayed or enjoined and monetary damages were awarded, which shall include for how long performance was stayed or enjoined and the amount of monetary damages; (7) whether the protestor was a large or small business; and (8) whether the protestor was the incum-bent in a prior contract for the same or simi-lar product or service. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study, along with related recommenda-tions for improving the expediency of the bid protest process. In preparing the report, the Secretary shall consult with the Attorney General of the United States, the Comp-troller General of the United States, and the United States Court of Federal Claims. (c) O
NGOING DATA COLLECTION .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall es-tablish and continuously maintain a data re-pository to collect on an ongoing basis the information described in subsection (a) and any additional relevant bid protest data the Secretary determines necessary and appro-priate to allow the Department of Defense, the Government Accountability Office, and the United States Court of Federal Claims to assess and review bid protests over time. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF EXPEDITED PROCESS  
FORSMALL VALUE CONTRACTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall de-velop a plan and schedule for an expedited bid protest process for Department of De-fense contracts with a value of less than $100,000. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary of Defense may con-sult with the Government Accountability Of-fice and the United States Court of Federal Claims to the extent such entities may es-tablish a similar process at their election. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plan and schedule for implementation of the expedited bid protest process, which shall include a request for any additional au-thorities the Secretary determines appro-priate for such efforts. 
SEC. 812. CONTINUATION OF TECHNICAL DATA RIGHTS DURING CHALLENGES. 
(a) E XERCISE OF RIGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA B
EFORE FINAL DISPOSITION OF A CHAL-
LENGE .—Section 2321(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘P
RIOR TO AND ’’ after ‘‘R IGHTS AND LIABIL -
ITY’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (3) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) Upon issuance of a challenge to a use or release restriction asserted by a con-tractor or subcontractor under the contract made pursuant to subsection (d) or made under procedures established by the Depart-ment of Defense for challenges to asserted use or release restrictions in connection with noncommercial computer software, and until final disposition of such a challenge, the De-partment of Defense may exercise rights in the technical data or noncommercial com-puter software rights consistent with the grounds identified in the challenge pursuant to subsection (d)(3), (or the grounds identi-fied under corresponding Department of De-fense procedures in the case of noncommer-cial computer software) in order to meet De-partment of Defense mission requirements. ‘‘(2) In the event that the challenge made by the government is not sustained upon final disposition, the contractor or subcon-tractor shall have only a right to damages against the United States if the United States was found to have not acted in good faith and as otherwise provided by law aris-ing from the exercise of rights described in paragraph (1) during the time period de-scribed in such paragraph.’’. (b) REVISION OF THE DEFENSE FEDERAL AC-
QUISITION REGULATION SUPPLEMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall revise the Defense Federal Acqui-sition Regulation Supplement, by interim or final rule, to implement the amendments made by subsection (a). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) and the revision re-quired by subsection (b) shall become effec-tive on the date of publication of the interim or final rule (whichever is earlier) required by subsection (b) and shall apply to solicita-tions issued by Department of Defense con-tracting activities after that date unless the senior procurement executive of the agency concerned grants a waiver on a case-by-case basis. (d) G
UIDANCE ON TECHNICAL DATA RIGHT N
EGOTIATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop policies on the negotiation of technical data rights for noncommercial software that reflects the Department of De-fense’s needs for technical data rights in the event of a protest or replacement of incum-bent contractor to meet defense require-ments in the most cost effective manner. 
SEC. 813. INCREASED MICRO-PURCHASE THRESH-OLD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2338 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding subsection (a) of section 1902 of title 41, the micro-purchase threshold for the Department of Defense for purposes of such section is $5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘The micro-purchase threshold for the Depart-ment of Defense is $10,000’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1902(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 2338 and 2339 of title 10 and’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2339 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2339. 
SEC. 814. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATIONS ON SINGLE SOURCE TASK OR DELIVERY ORDER CONTRACTS. 
Section 2304a(d)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘reason-ably perform the work’’ and inserting ‘‘effi-ciently perform the work’’. 
SEC. 815. PRELIMINARY COST ANALYSIS RE-QUIREMENT FOR EXERCISE OF MULTIYEAR CONTRACT AUTHORITY. 
Section 2306b(i)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘made after the completion of a cost analysis’’ and inserting ‘‘supported by a preliminary cost analysis’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘for the purpose of section 2334(e)(1) of this title, and that the analysis supports those preliminary findings’’. SEC. 816. INCLUSION OF BEST AVAILABLE INFOR-MATION REGARDING PAST PER-FORMANCE OF SUBCONTRACTORS AND JOINT VENTURE PARTNERS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR PERFORMANCE OF  S
UBCONTRACTORS AND JOINT VENTURE PART-
NERS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council and the Ad-ministrator for Federal Procurement Policy, shall develop policies for the Department of Defense to ensure the best information re-garding past performance of certain sub-contractors and joint venture partners is available when awarding Department of De-fense contracts. The policies shall include proposed revisions to the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as fol-lows: (1) Required performance evaluations, as part of a government-wide evaluation report-ing tool, for first-tier subcontractors per-forming a portion of the contract valued at not less than 20 percent of the value of the prime contract, provided— (A) the information included in rating the subcontractor is not inconsistent with the information included in the rating for the prime contractor; (B) the subcontractor evaluation is con-ducted consistent with the provisions of sec-tion 42.15 of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion; (C) negative evaluations of a subcontractor in no way obviate the prime contractor’s re-sponsibility for successful completion of the contract and management of its subcontrac-tors; and (D) that in the judgment of the contracting officer, the overall execution of the work is impacted by the performance of the subcon-tractor or subcontractors. (2) Required performance evaluations, as part of a government-wide evaluation report-ing tool, of individual partners of joint ven-ture-awarded, to ensure that past perform-ance on joint venture projects is considered in future awards to individual joint venture partners, provided— (A) at a minimum, the rating for joint ven-tures includes an identification that allows the evaluation to be retrieved for each part-ner of the joint venture; (B) each partner, through the joint ven-ture, is given the same opportunity to sub-mit comments, rebutting statements, or ad-ditional information, consistent with the provisions of section 42.15 of the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation; and (C) the rating clearly identifies the respon-sibilities of joint venture partners for dis-crete elements of the work where the part-ners are not jointly and severally responsible for the project. (3) Processes to request exceptions from the annual evaluation requirement under section 42.1502(a) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation where submission of the annual evaluations would not provide the best rep-resentation of the performance of a con-tractor, including subcontractors and joint venture partners, including— (A) where no severable element of the work has been completed; (B) where the contracting officer deter-mines that— (i) an insubstantial portion of the contract work has been completed in the preceding year; and (ii) the lack of performance is at non-fault to the contractor; or (C) where the contracting officer deter-mines that there is an issue in dispute which, until resolved, would likely cause the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3084 June 6, 2018 
annual rating to inaccurately reflect the past performance of the contractor. (b) R
EPORT ON CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE  A
PPEALS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the defense committees a report on contractor and sub-contractor past performance evaluations and appeals, including— (1) data on the number of performance evaluation appeals filed by contractors and subcontractors within the previous five years; (2) the frequency that an appeal was suc-cessful and the performance evaluation was changed favorably for the contractor; (3) the time it takes for an appeal to make its way through the process from filing to adjudication; and (4) what impact the appeals process has on the tracking of information in the perform-ance database system and consideration of contractor and subcontractor performance on future contracts. (c) A
GENCY PROGRESS ON PERFORMANCE  E
VALUATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a score-card that compares the timeliness, complete-ness, and accuracy of contractor perform-ance evaluations among the Department’s components. This scorecard shall be reported annually to Congress and made publicly available not later than December 31 for the prior fiscal year until 2024. (d) C
ONGRESSIONAL ACCESS TO PERFORM -
ANCE DATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the written request of a Chairman or Ranking Member of one of the appropriate congressional committees, the Secretary of Defense shall make all con-tractor performance evaluations available through electronic access to data systems or in another manner specified by the request for designated staff members of the appro-priate congressional committees. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (C) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 817. MODIFICATION OF CRITERIA FOR WAIV-ERS OF REQUIREMENT FOR CER-TIFIED COST AND PRICE DATA. 
Section 817(b)(2) of the Bob Stump Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2306a note) is amended by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting ‘‘; or’’. 
SEC. 818. SUBCONTRACTING PRICE AND AP-PROVED PURCHASING SYSTEMS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 893 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (g), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The term ‘approved purchasing sys-tem’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 44.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion (or any similar regulation).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) C
ONSENT TO SUBCONTRACT .—If the con-tractor on a Department of Defense contract requiring a contracting officer’s written con-sent prior to the contractor entering into a subcontract has an approved purchasing sys-tem, the contracting officer may not with-hold such consent without the written ap-proval of the program manager.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING REGULATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall re-vise the Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement to conform with the amend-ments to section 893 of the Ike Skelton Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) made by this section. SEC. 819. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON PROGRESS PAYMENT FINANCING OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-TRACTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the results of an analysis, conducted by the Comptroller General, of the effects of current financing levels of Department of Defense contracts on contractors of the Department and the budg-ets of the Department. (b) E
LEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include an analysis and assessment of the impact of the matters specified in paragraph (2), for both govern-ment and business, on— (A) the relationship between financing amounts and contractor profit; and (B) the willingness of contractors to pursue contracts with the Department. (2) C
OVERED MATTERS .—The matters speci-fied in this paragraph are each of the fol-lowing under Department contracts: (A) Past changes to progress payment rates and conditions. (B) Progress payment rates and limitations on progressing for undefinitized contract ac-tions. 
SEC. 820. AUTHORIZATION TO LIMIT FOREIGN AC-CESS TO TECHNOLOGY THROUGH CONTRACTS. 
The Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering, or a designee of the Under Secretary, may include in the terms of any contract that the Under Secretary en-ters into a provision that— (1) limits access by select persons or orga-nizations to technology that is the subject of the contract under terms defined by the Under Secretary, including by limiting such access to specific periods of time; and (2) if the person or organization violates the requirement described in paragraph (1), the Under Secretary may require the person or organization to forfeit intellectual prop-erty rights associated with the contract. 
SEC. 821. BRIEFING REQUIREMENT ON SERVICES CONTRACTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the requirements of section 2329(b) of title 10, United States Code, are met, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment shall brief the congressional defense committees on the progress of Department of Defense efforts to meet the requirements of such section, in-cluding relevant information on the method-ology and implementation plans for future compliance. 
SEC. 822. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON AWARDING OF CONTRACTS TO RESPONSIBLE COM-PANIES THAT PRIMARILY EMPLOY AMERICAN WORKERS AND DO NOT ACTIVELY TRANSFER AMERICAN JOBS TO POTENTIAL ADVERSARIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Depart-ment of Defense should award contracts to responsible companies that primarily em-ploy United States workers or are partners in the national technology and industrial base and do not actively transfer United States jobs to potential adversaries. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs SEC. 831. PROGRAM COST, FIELDING, AND PER-FORMANCE GOALS IN PLANNING MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2448a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘designated milestone decision au-thority for the major defense acquisition program’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the milestone decision au-thority for the major defense acquisition program approves a program that’’ and in-serting ‘‘the program’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b). 
SEC. 832. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA-TIONS OF THE INDEPENDENT STUDY ON CONSIDERATION OF SUSTAINMENT IN WEAPONS SYS-TEMS LIFE CYCLE. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, except as provided under subsection (b), commence implementation of each rec-ommendation submitted as part of the inde-pendent assessment produced under section 844 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2290). (b) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) D
ELAYED IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec- retary of Defense may commence implemen-tation of a recommendation described under subsection (a) later than the date required under such subsection if the Secretary pro-vides the congressional defense committees with a specific justification for the delay in implementation of such recommendation. (2) N
ONIMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of Defense may opt not to implement a rec-ommendation described under subsection (a) if the Secretary provides to the congres-sional defense committees— (A) the reasons for the decision not to im-plement the recommendation; and (B) a summary of the alternative actions the Secretary plans to take to address the purposes underlying the recommendation. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLANS .—For each rec-ommendation that the Secretary is imple-menting, or that the Secretary plans to im-plement, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a summary of actions that have been taken to implement the recommendation; and (2) a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the rec-ommendation. 
SEC. 833. PILOT PROGRAM TO ACCELERATE MAJOR WEAPONS SYSTEM PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to reform and accelerate the contracting and pricing proc-esses associated with contracts in excess of $50,000,000 by— (1) basing price reasonableness determina-tions on actual cost and pricing data for pur-chases of the same or similar products for the Department of Defense; and (2) reducing the cost and pricing data to be submitted in accordance with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code. (b) S
UNSET .—The authority to carry out the pilot program under this section shall expire on January 2, 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3085 June 6, 2018 
Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Acquisition Workforce 
SEC. 841. PERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECTS RELATING TO ACQUISITION PERSONNEL MAN-AGEMENT POLICIES AND PROCE-DURES. 
(a) P ERMANENT AUTHORITY .—Section 1762 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsections (g) and (h). (b) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘C
OM-
MENCEMENT .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘a demonstration project,’’ and inserting ‘‘I
N G
ENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out demonstration projects’’. 
SEC. 842. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTEGRATED RE-VIEW TEAM ON DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION INDUSTRY-GOVERNMENT EX-CHANGE. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall direct the De-fense Business Board to convene an inte-grated review team (in this section referred to as the ‘‘exchange team’’) to undertake a study on facilitating the exchange of defense industry personnel on term assignments within the Department of Defense. (2) M
EMBER PARTICIPATION .— (A) D
EFENSE BUSINESS BOARD .—The Chair-man of the Defense Business Board shall se-lect six members from the membership of the Board to participate on the exchange team, including one member to lead the team. (B) D
EFENSE INNOVATION BOARD .—The Chairman of the Defense Innovation Board shall select five appropriate members from the membership of their Board to participate on the exchange team. (C) D
EFENSE SCIENCE BOARD .—The Chair-man of the Defense Science Board shall se-lect five appropriate members from the membership of their Board to participate on the exchange team. (D) R
EQUIRED EXPERIENCE .—The Chairmen referred to in subparagraphs (a) through (C) shall ensure that members have significant legislative or regulatory expertise and re-flect diverse experiences in the public and private sector. (3) S
COPE.—The study conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall— (A) review legal, ethical, and financial dis-closure requirements for industry-govern-ment exchanges; (B) review existing or previous industry- government exchange programs such as the Department of State’s Franklin Fellows Pro-gram and the Information Technology Ex-change Program; (C) review how the military departments address legal, ethical, and financial require-ments for members of the reserve compo-nents who also maintain civilian employ-ment in the defense industry; (D) produce specific and detailed rec-ommendations for any legislation, including the amendment or repeal of regulations, as well as non-legislative approaches, that the members of the exchange team conducting the study determine necessary to— (i) reduce barriers to industry-government exchange to encourage the flow of acquisi-tion best practices; (ii) ensure continuing financial and ethical integrity; and (iii) protect the best interests of the De-partment of Defense; and (E) produce such additional recommenda-tions for legislation as the members consider appropriate. (4) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide the exchange team with timely access to appropriate informa-tion, data, resources, and analysis so that the exchange team may conduct a thorough and independent analysis as required under this subsection. (b) BRIEFING .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the exchange team shall provide an in-terim briefing to the congressional defense committees on the study conducted under subsection (a) (c) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the exchange team shall submit a final report on the study to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the congressional defense committees. 
SEC. 843. EXCHANGE PROGRAM FOR ACQUISI-TION WORKFORCE EMPLOYEES. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish an exchange pro-gram under which the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall arrange for the temporary assignment of civilian personnel in the Department of Defense acquisition workforce. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the ex-change program established pursuant to sub-section (a) are— (1) to familiarize personnel from the acqui-sition workforce with the equities, priorities, processes, culture, and workforce of the ac-quisition-related defense agencies; (2) to enable participants in the exchange program to return the expertise gained through their exchanges to their original or-ganizations; and (3) to improve communication between and integration of the organizations that support the policy, implementation, and oversight of defense acquisition through lasting relation-ships. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS .— (1) N
UMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—The Under Secretary shall select not less than 10 and no more than 20 participants per year for par-ticipation in the exchange program estab-lished under subsection (a). (2) C
RITERIA FOR SELECTION .—The Under Secretary shall select participants for the exchange program established under sub-section (a) from among mid-career employ-ees and based on— (A) the qualifications and desire to partici-pate in the program of the employee; and (B) the technical needs and capacities of the acquisition workforce, as applicable. (d) T
ERMS .—Exchanges pursuant to the ex-change program established under subsection (a) shall be for terms of one to two years, as determined and negotiated by the Under Sec-retary. The terms may begin and end on a rolling basis. (e) G
UIDANCE AND IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall develop and submit to the congressional defense committees in-terim guidance on the form and contours of the exchange program established under sub-section (a). (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall implement the guidance developed under paragraph (1). Subtitle E—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items 
SEC. 851. REPORT ON COMMERCIAL ITEM PRO-CUREMENT REFORM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Assistant Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, in consultation with members of the Defense Business Board as appropriate, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on reforms for commercial item procurement. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A review of recommendations by the independent panel created under section 809 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 112 Public Law 889) pertaining to commercial items. (2) A review of commercial item provisions from the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), and other rel-evant legislation. (3) An analysis of the extent to which the Department of Defense should treat commer-cial service contracts and commercial prod-ucts in a similar manner. (4) Such other matters with respect to commercial item procurement as the Assist-ant Secretary considers appropriate. Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters SEC. 861. NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUS-TRIAL BASE APPLICATION PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2509. National technology and industrial base application process ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense shall administer a national technology and industrial base application process. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—The application process required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: ‘‘(1) The Secretary shall designate an offi-cial within the Office of the Secretary of De-fense responsible for administration of the national technology and industrial base ap-plication process and associated policy. ‘‘(2) A person or organization that meets the definition of national technology and in-dustrial base under section 2500(1) of this title shall have the opportunity to apply for an item to be covered under the national technology and industrial base. The applica-tion shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) Information demonstrating the appli-cant meets such definition. ‘‘(B) The section or sections of this chap-ter, related to the national technology and industrial base, that the applicant seeks to modify. ‘‘(C) The applicant’s proposed modifica-tions to the section or sections identified under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) For each item the applicant seeks to include in the national technology and in-dustrial base, the applicant shall include the following information: ‘‘(i) The extent to which such item has commercial applications. ‘‘(ii) The number of such items to be pro-cured by current programs of record. ‘‘(iii) The criticality of such item to a mili-tary unit’s mission accomplishment. ‘‘(iv) The estimated cost and other consid-erations of reconstituting the manufacturing capability of such item, if not maintained in the national technology and industrial base. ‘‘(v) National security regulations or re-strictions imposed on such item that may not be imposed on a non-national technology and industrial base competitor. ‘‘(vi) Non-national security-related Fed-eral, State, and local government regula-tions imposed on such item that may not be imposed on a non-national technology and industrial base competitor. ‘‘(vii) The extent to which such item is fielded in current programs of record. ‘‘(viii) The extent to which cost and pric-ing data for such item has been deemed fair and reasonable. ‘‘(c) C
ONSIDERATION OF APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF DESIGNATED OFFI -
CIAL.—The official designated pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3086 June 6, 2018 
subsection (b)(1) shall be responsible for pro-viding complete applications submitted pur-suant to this subsection to the appropriate component acquisition executive for consid-eration not later than 15 days after receipt of such application. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 60 days after receiving a complete application, the compo-nent acquisition executive shall review such application, make a determination, and re-turn the application to the official des-ignated pursuant to subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(3) E
LEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—The de- termination required under paragraph (2) shall— ‘‘(A) recommend the modification to this chapter proposed pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(C); ‘‘(B) recommend the modification to this chapter proposed pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(C) with further modifications; or ‘‘(C) not recommend the modification to this chapter proposed pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(C). ‘‘(4) J
USTIFICATION .—The determination re-quired under paragraph (2) shall also include the rationale and justification for the deter-mination. ‘‘(d) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR LEGISLATION .— For applications recommended under sub-section (c), the official designated pursuant to subsection (b)(1) shall be responsible for preparing a legislative proposal for consider-ation by the Secretary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘2509. National technology and industrial base application process.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 2509 of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 862. REPORT ON DEFENSE ELECTRONICS IN-DUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the Executive Agent for Printed Circuit Board and Interconnect Technology and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to Congress a report examining the health of the defense electronics industrial base, in-cluding analog and passive electronic parts, substrates, printed boards, assemblies, con-nectors, cabling, and related areas, both do-mestically and within the national tech-nology and industrial base. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An examination of current and planned partnerships with the commercial industry. (2) Analysis of the current and future de-fense electronics industrial base. (3) Threat assessment related to system se-curity. (4) An assessment of the health of the engi-neering and production workforce. (5) A description of the electronics supply chain requirements of defense systems inte-gral to meeting the goals of the 2018 Na-tional Defense Strategy. (6) Recommended actions to address areas deemed deficient or vulnerable, and a plan to formalize long-term resourcing for the Exec-utive Agent. (7) Any other areas matters determined relevant by the Secretary. 
SEC. 863. SUPPORT FOR DEFENSE MANUFAC-TURING COMMUNITIES TO SUPPORT THE DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, in coordination with the Secretary of Commerce and working in coordination with the defense manufacturing institutes, estab-lish within the Department of Defense a pro-gram to make long-term investments in crit-ical skills, infrastructure, research and de-velopment, and small business support in order to strengthen the national security in-novation base by designating and supporting consortiums as defense manufacturing com-munities. (2) DESIGNATION .—The program authorized by this section shall be known as the ‘‘De-fense Manufacturing Community Support Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). (b) D
ESIGNATION OF DEFENSE MANUFAC -
TURING COMMUNITIES COMPLEMENTARY TO DE-
FENSE MANUFACTURING INSTITUTES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may designate eligible consortiums as de-fense manufacturing communities through a competitive process, and in coordination with the defense manufacturing institutes. (2) E
LIGIBLE CONSORTIUMS .—The Secretary may establish eligibility criteria for a con-sortium to participate in the Program. In de-veloping such criteria, the Secretary may consider the merits of— (A) including members from academia, de-fense industry, commercial industry, and State and local government organizations; (B) supporting efforts in geographical re-gions that have capabilities in key tech-nologies or industrial base supply chains that are determined critical to national se-curity; (C) optimal consortium composition and size to promote effectiveness, collaboration, and efficiency; and (D) complementarity with defense manu-facturing institutes. (3) D
URATION .—Each designation under paragraph (1) shall be for a period designated by the Secretary. (4) R
ENEWAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may renew a designation made under paragraph (1) for up to two additional two-year periods. Any designation as a defense manufacturing com-munity or renewal of such designation that is in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act shall count toward the limit set forth in this subparagraph. (B) E
VALUATION FOR RENEWAL .—The Sec- retary shall establish criteria for the re-newal of a consortium. In establishing such criteria, the Secretary may consider— (i) the performance of the consortium in meeting the established goals of the Pro-gram; (ii) the progress the consortium has made with respect to project-specific metrics, par-ticularly with respect to those metrics that were designed to help communities track their own progress; (iii) whether any changes to the composi-tion of the eligible consortium or revisions of the plan for the consortium would im-prove the capabilities of the defense indus-trial base; (iv) the effectiveness of coordination with defense manufacturing institutes; and (v) such other criteria as the Secretary considers appropriate. (5) A
PPLICATION FOR DESIGNATION .—An eli- gible consortium seeking a designation under paragraph (1) shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. In developing such procedures, the Secretary may consider the inclusion of— (A) a description of the regional boundaries of the consortium, and the defense manufac-turing capacity of the region; (B) an evidence-based plan for enhancing the defense industrial base through the ef-forts of the consortium; (C) the investments the consortium pro-poses and the strategy of the consortium to address gaps in the defense industrial base; (D) a description of the outcome-based metrics, benchmarks, and milestones that will track and the evaluation methods that will be used to gauge performance of the con-sortium; (E) how the initiatives will complement defense manufacturing institutes; and (F) such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) FINANCIAL AND TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the Program, the Secretary of Defense may award financial or technical assistance to a member of a con-sortium designated as a defense manufac-turing community under the Program as ap-propriate for purposes of the Program. (2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A recipient of financial or technical assistance under the Program may use such financial or technical assist-ance to support an investment that will im-prove the defense industrial base. (3) I
NVESTMENTS SUPPORTED .—Investments supported under this subsection may include activities not already provided for by defense manufacturing institutes on— (A) infrastructure; (B) access to capital; (C) promotion of exports and foreign direct investment; (D) equipment or facility upgrades; (E) workforce training, retraining, or re-cruitment and retention, including that of women and underrepresented minorities; (F) energy or process efficiency; (G) business incubators; (H) site preparation; (I) advanced research and commercializa-tion, including with Federal laboratories and depots; (J) supply chain development; and (K) small business assistance. (d) R
ECEIPT OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS .—The Secretary of Defense may accept amounts transferred to the Secretary from the head of another agency or a State or local govern-mental organization to carry out this sec-tion. Subtitle G—Other Transactions 
SEC. 871. CHANGE TO NOTIFICATION REQUIRE-MENT FOR OTHER TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 2371b(f)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘The cost of any such option shall be considered for purposes of subsection (a)(2) as part of the cost to the Department of Defense of a transaction (for a prototype).’’. 
SEC. 872. DATA AND POLICY ON THE USE OF OTHER TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) C OLLECTION AND STORAGE .—The Service Acquisition Executives of the military de-partments shall collect data on the use of other transactions by their respective de-partments, and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall collect data on all other use by the Department of Defense of other transactions, including use by the De-fense Agencies. The data shall be stored in a manner that allows the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition access at any time. (b) U
SE OF DATA.—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition shall analyze and leverage the data collected under subsection (a) to update policy and guidance related to the use of other transactions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3087 June 6, 2018 
Subtitle H—Development and Acquisition of Software Intensive and Digital Products and Services 
SEC. 881. CLARIFICATIONS REGARDING PROPRI-ETARY AND TECHNICAL DATA. 
(a) V ALIDATION OF PROPRIETARY DATARE-
STRICTIONS .—Section 2321(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), in’’ and inserting ‘‘In’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). (b) R
IGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA.—Section 2320 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively. 
SEC. 882. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA-TIONS OF THE FINAL REPORT OF THE DEFENSE SCIENCE BOARD TASK FORCE ON THE DESIGN AND ACQUI-SITION OF SOFTWARE FOR DEFENSE SYSTEMS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, except as provided under subsection (b), commence implementation of each rec-ommendation submitted as part of the final report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Design and Acquisition of Soft-ware for Defense Systems. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) D
ELAYED IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec- retary of Defense may commence implemen-tation of a recommendation described under subsection (a) later than the date required under such subsection if the Secretary pro-vides the congressional defense committees with a specific justification for the delay in implementation of such recommendation. (2) N
ONIMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of Defense may opt not to implement a rec-ommendation described under subsection (a) if the Secretary provides to the congres-sional defense committees— (A) the reasons for the decision not to im-plement the recommendation; and (B) a summary of the alternative actions the Secretary plans to take to address the purposes underlying the recommendation. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLANS .—For each rec-ommendation that the Secretary is imple-menting, or that the Secretary plans to im-plement, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a summary of actions that have been taken to implement the recommendation; and (2) a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the rec-ommendation. 
SEC. 883. IMPLEMENTATION OF PILOT PROGRAM TO USE AGILE OR ITERATIVE DEVEL-OPMENT METHODS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 873 OF THE NA-TIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall include the following systems for realignment under the pilot program to use agile or iterative devel-opment methods pursuant to section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91): (1) Global Positioning System Next Gen-eration Operational Control System (GPS OCX). (2) Integrated Air and Missile Defense Bat-tle Command System (IBCS). (3) Command Control Battle Management and Communications (C2BMC). (4) The family of Distributed Common Ground Systems. (5) The family of Global Command and Control Systems. (6) Joint Space Operations Center Mission Systems (JMS). (7) Joint Strike Fighter Autonomic Logis-tics Information System (ALIS). (8) Electronic Procurement System (ePS). (9) Air Force Integrated Personnel and Pay System (AFIPPS). (10) Navy Personnel and Pay (NP2). (11) Integrated Personnel and Pay-Army (IPPS-A). (12) Maintenance, Repair, and Overhaul (MROI). (13) Defense Enterprise Accounting Man-agement System (DEAMS). (14) Army Contract Writing System. (15) Contracting IT System. (16) Defense-wide Electronic Procurement Capabilities. (b) REVISIONS TO LIST.—The Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional de-fense committees of any revisions to the list of systems included for realignment under subsection (a). 
SEC. 884. ENABLING AND OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THE CLOUD EXECUTIVE STEERING GROUP. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .—Commencing not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Cloud Executive Steering Group (CESG) established by the Deputy Secretary of Defense in a directive memorandum dated September 13, 2017, in order to support its Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure (JEDI) initiative to procure commercial cloud services, shall conduct certain key enabling activities as follows: (1) A
DVANCED COMMERCIAL NETWORK CAPA -
BILITIES .—Develop an approach to rapidly ac-quire advanced commercial network capa-bilities, including software-defined net-working, on-demand bandwidth, and aggre-gated cloud access gateways, through com-mercial service providers in order— (A) to support the migration of applica-tions and systems to commercial cloud plat-forms; (B) to increase visibility of end-to-end per-formance to enable and enforce service level agreements for cloud services; (C) to ensure efficient and common cloud access; (D) to facilitate shifting data and applica-tions from one cloud platform to another; (E) to improve cybersecurity; and (F) to consolidate networks and achieve ef-ficiencies and improved performance; (2) W
ORKLOAD AND MIGRATION ANALYSIS .— Conduct an analysis of existing workloads that would be migrated to the Joint Enter-prise Defense Infrastructure, including— (A) identifying all of the cloud initiatives across the Department of Defense, and deter-mining the objectives of such initiatives in connection with the intended scope of the In-frastructure; (B) identifying all the systems and applica-tions that the Department would intend to migrate to the Infrastructure; (C) conducting rationalization of applica-tions to identify applications and systems that may duplicate the processing of work-loads in connection with the Infrastructure; and (D) as result of such actions, arriving at dispositions about migration or termination of systems and applications in connection with the Infrastructure. (b) L
IMITATION ON NEWSYSTEMS AND APPLI-
CATIONS .—The Deputy Secretary shall re-quire that no new system or application will be approved for development or moderniza-tion without an assessment that such system or application is already, or can and would be, cloud-hosted. (c) I
NTEGRATION AND SUPPORT .—The Dep- uty Secretary shall ensure that the activi-ties conducted under subsection (a) are inte-grated with and support the plan of the De-partment to acquire and migrate to commer-cial cloud services. (d) TRANSPARENCY AND COMPETITION .—The Deputy Secretary shall ensure that the ac-quisition approach of the Department con-tinues to follow the Federal Acquisition Reg-ulation, including part 16.504(c) of such regu-lation, regarding procedures relating to the preference for multiple awards. Subtitle I—Other Matters 
SEC. 891. PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELE-COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In its 2011 ‘‘Annual Report to Congress on Military and Security Developments In-volving the People’s Republic of China’’, the Department of Defense stated, ‘‘China’s de-fense industry has benefited from integra-tion with a rapidly expanding civilian econ-omy and science and technology sector, par-ticularly elements that have access to for-eign technology. Progress within individual defense sectors appears linked to the relative integration of each, through China’s civilian economy, into the global production and R&D chain . . . Information technology com-panies in particular, including Huawei, Datang, and Zhongxing, maintain close ties to the PLA.’’. (2) In a 2011 report titled ‘‘The National Se-curity Implications of Investments and Prod-ucts from the People’s Republic of China in the Telecommunications Sector’’, the United States China Commission stated that ‘‘[n]ational security concerns have accom-panied the dramatic growth of China’s telecom sector. . . . Additionally, large Chi-nese companies—particularly those ‘national champions’ prominent in China’s ‘going out’ strategy of overseas expansion—are directly subject to direction by the Chinese Com-munist Party, to include support for PRC state policies and goals.’’. (3) The Commission further stated in its report that ‘‘[f]rom this point of view, the clear economic benefits of foreign invest-ment in the U.S. must be weighed against the potential security concerns related to in-frastructure components coming under the control of foreign entities. This seems par-ticularly applicable in the telecommuni-cations industry, as Chinese companies con-tinue systematically to acquire significant holdings in prominent global and U.S. tele-communications and information technology companies.’’. (4) In its 2011 Annual Report to Congress, the United States China Commission stated that ‘‘[t]he extent of the state’s control of the Chinese economy is difficult to quantify . . . There is also a category of companies that, though claiming to be private, are sub-ject to state influence. Such companies are often in new markets with no established SOE leaders and enjoy favorable government policies that support their development while posing obstacles to foreign competi-tion. Examples include Chinese telecoms giant Huawei and such automotive compa-nies as battery maker BYD and vehicle man-ufacturers Geely and Chery.’’. (5) General Michael Hayden, who served as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and Director of the National Security Agen-cy, stated in July 2013 that Huawei had ‘‘shared with the Chinese state intimate and extensive knowledge of foreign telecommuni-cations systems it is involved with’’. (6) The Federal Bureau of Investigation, in a February 2015 Counterintelligence Strat-egy Partnership Intelligence Note stated that, ‘‘[w]ith the expanded use of Huawei Technologies Inc. equipment and services in U.S. telecommunications service provider networks, the Chinese Government’s poten-tial access to U.S. business communications 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3088 June 6, 2018 
is dramatically increasing. Chinese Govern-ment-supported telecommunications equip-ment on U.S. networks may be exploited through Chinese cyber activity, with China’s intelligence services operating as an ad-vanced persistent threat to U.S. networks.’’. (7) The FBI further stated in its February 2015 counterintelligence note that ‘‘China makes no secret that its cyber warfare strat-egy is predicated on controlling global com-munications network infrastructure’’. (8) At a hearing before the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives on September 30, 2015, Deputy Sec-retary of Defense Robert Work, responding to a question about the use of Huawei tele-communications equipment, stated, ‘‘In the Office of the Secretary of Defense, absolutely not. And I know of no other—I don’t believe we operate in the Pentagon, any [Huawei] systems in the Pentagon.’’. (9) At that hearing, the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, Admiral Mike Rogers, responding to a question about why such Huawei telecommunications equip-ment is not used, stated, ‘‘As we look at sup-ply chain and we look at potential vulnerabilities within the system, that it is a risk we felt was unacceptable.’’. (10) In March 2017, ZTE Corporation pled guilty to conspiring to violate the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act by illegally shipping U.S.-origin items to Iran, paying the United States Government a penalty of $892,360,064 for activity between January 2010 and January 2016. (11) The Department of the Treasury’s Of-fice of Foreign Assets Control issued a sub-poena to Huawei as part of a Federal inves-tigation of alleged violations of trade re-strictions on Cuba, Iran, Sudan, and Syria. (12) In the bipartisan ‘‘Investigative Report on the United States National Security Issues Posed by Chinese Telecommunication Companies Huawei and ZTE’’ released in 2012 by the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives, it was recommended that ‘‘U.S. government systems, particularly sensitive systems, should not include Huawei or ZTE equip-ment, including in component parts. Simi-larly, government contractors—particularly those working on contracts for sensitive U.S. programs—should exclude ZTE or Huawei equipment in their systems.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OR PROCUREMENT .— The Secretary of Defense may not— (1) procure or obtain or extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain any equip-ment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system; or (2) enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) with an entity that uses any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential compo-nent of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES .—The prohibition under subsection (b)(1) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and the prohibition under subsection (b)(2) shall take effect three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to— (1) prohibit the Secretary of Defense from procuring with an entity to provide a service that connects to the facilities of a third- party, such as backhaul, roaming, or inter-connection arrangements; or (2) cover telecommunications equipment that cannot route or redirect user data traf-fic or permit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment transmits or otherwise handles (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘covered foreign country’’ means the Peo-ple’s Republic of China. (2) C
OVERED TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIP -
MENT OR SERVICES .—The term ‘‘covered tele-communications equipment or services’’ means any of the following: (A) Telecommunications equipment pro-duced by Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation (or any subsidiary or affil-iate of such entities). (B) Telecommunications services provided by such entities or using such equipment. (C) Telecommunications equipment or services produced or provided by an entity that the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Director of the National Intel-ligence or the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, reasonably believes to be an entity owned or controlled by, or otherwise connected to, the government of a covered foreign country. 
SEC. 892. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS PEND-ING SUBMITTAL OF REPORT ON ARMY MARKETING AND ADVER-TISING PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a re-port on the recommendations contained in the audit of the Army Audit Agency of the Army’s Marketing and Advertising Program concerning contract oversight and return on investment. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall address each of the fol-lowing: (A) The mitigation and oversight measures implemented to assure improved program re-turn and contract management, including the establishment of specific goals to meas-ure long-term effects of investments in mar-keting efforts. (B) The establishment of a review process to regularly evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of marketing efforts, including ef-forts to better support the accessions mis-sions of the Army. (C) The increase of acquisition and mar-keting experience within the Army Mar-keting and Research Group (in this section referred to as the ‘‘AMRG’’). (D) A workforce analysis of AMRG in co-operation with the Office of Personnel Man-agement and industry experts assessing the AMRG organizational structure, staffing, and training, including an assessment of the workplace climate and culture internal to the AMRG. (E) The establishment of an Army Mar-keting and Advisory Board comprised of sen-ior Army and marketing and advertising leaders and an assessment of industry and service marketing and advertising best prac-tices, including a plan to incorporate rel-evant practices. (F) The status of the implementation of contracting practices recommended by the Army Audit Agency’s audit of contracting oversight of AMRG contained in Audit Re-port A-2018-0033-MTH. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Not more than 50 percent of the amounts author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for the AMRG for fiscal year 2019 for advertising and marketing ac-tivities may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Army submits the re-port required under subsection (a). (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the sub-mittal of the report required under sub-section (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the results and implementation of the rec-ommendations of the Army Audit Agency Audits of the AMRG on contract oversight and return on investment. The review shall include an assessment of the effects of the implementation of the recommendations on the AMRG leadership, workforce, and busi-ness practices, and return on investment. SEC. 893. PERMANENT SBIR AND STTR AUTHOR-ITY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (m), by inserting ‘‘, except with respect to the Department of Defense’’ after ‘‘September 30, 2022’’; and (2) in subsection (n)(1)(A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to the Department of Defense, any fiscal year)’’ after ‘‘2022’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to the Department of Defense, for any fiscal year)’’ after ‘‘for that fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 894. PROCUREMENT OF TELECOMMUNI-CATIONS SUPPLIES FOR EXPERI-MENTAL PURPOSES. 
Section 2373 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘telecommuni-cations,’’ after ‘‘space flight,’’. 
SEC. 895. ACCESS BY DEVELOPMENTAL AND OPERATIONAL TESTING ACTIVITIES TO DATA REGARDING MODELING AND SIMULATION ACTIVITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The Director shall have prompt access to all data regarding modeling and simula-tion activity proposed to be used by military departments and defense agencies in support of operational or live fire test and evaluation of military capabilities. This access shall in-clude data associated with verification, vali-dation, and accreditation activities.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL TESTING DATA.—Develop- mental Test and Evaluation activities under the leadership of the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall have prompt access to all data regarding modeling and simulation activity proposed to be used by military de-partments and defense agencies in support of developmental test and evaluation of mili-tary capabilities. This access shall include data associated with verification, validation, and accreditation activities. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters 
SEC. 901. POWERS AND DUTIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RE-SEARCH AND ENGINEERING IN CON-NECTION WITH PRIORITY EMERG-ING TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out duties under section 133a of title 10, United States Code, in connection with the National De-fense Strategy of the Department of Defense of 2018, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall have the au-thority to direct the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments, and the heads of all other elements of the Department of Defense with regard to matters for which the Under Sec-retary has responsibility, with respect to programs, projects, and activities in connec-tion with technology areas given priority, including technology areas as follows: (1) Directed energy. (2) Hypersonics. (3) Artificial intelligence. (4) Future space satellite architectures. (b) D
IRECTION OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3089 June 6, 2018 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary shall carry out any powers and duties under this section under the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section may be construed as altering or revising the authority, direction, and con-trol of the Under Secretary by the Secretary of Defense and the Deputy Secretary of De-fense. (c) S
ATELLITE ARCHITECTURES .— (1) N
O DIRECTIONAL AUTHORITY FOR SPACE  
LAUNCH VEHICLES .—The authority in sub-section (a) with respect to future space sat-ellite architectures does not include the fol-lowing: (A) Authority for space launch vehicles. (B) Authority for direction of the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program, includ-ing any program, project, or activity relat-ing to the Next Generation Launch System. (2) F
INAL DECISIONAL AUTHORITY ON ARCHI -
TECTURES .—The Deputy Secretary of Defense shall have final decisional authority over any decision on future space satellite archi-tecture under the authority in subsection (a). The Deputy Secretary shall exercise such final decisional authority in consultation with the Secretaries of the military depart-ments. (d) C
OORDINATION .—In executing powers and duties under this section, the Under Sec-retary shall consult with appropriate offi-cials of the military departments and the Defense Agencies in order to maximize sup-port of effective and efficient execution of the National Defense Strategy referred to in subsection (a). (e) E
XPIRATION .—The authority of the Under Secretary under this section shall ex-pire on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 902. REDESIGNATION AND MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PER-SONNEL AND READINESS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION AND RESPONSIBILITIES AS  U
NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PER-
SONNEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 136 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and Readiness’’ each place it appears; and (B) by striking subsection (d). (2) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 136. Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel’’. (b) D
ESIGNATION AS CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL  O
FFICER .—Such section is further amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Under Secretary is the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Defense for purposes of chapter 14 of title 5.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 4 of such title is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 136 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘136. Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel.’’. (d) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE 10 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 10, United States Code, is further amended as follows: (A) In section 131(b)(3), by striking sub-paragraph (E) and inserting the following new subparagraph (E): ‘‘(D) The Undersecretary of Defense for Personnel.’’. (B) In section 137(c), by striking ‘‘and Readiness’’. (2) E
XECUTIVE SCHEDULE LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by striking the item relating to the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Read-iness and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel.’’. (e) REFERENCES .—Any reference to the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel. 
SEC. 903. MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DE-FENSE FOR POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 134(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) The Under Secretary shall assist the Secretary of Defense in the following: ‘‘(A) Preparing the National Defense Strat-egy, as required by section 113 of this title. ‘‘(B) Preparing policy guidance for the preparation of campaign and contingency plans by the commanders of the combatant commands, and in reviewing such plans. ‘‘(C) Preparing policy guidance for the de-velopment of the global force posture. ‘‘(D) Preparing policy guidance to direct the formulation of program and budget re-quests by the military departments and other elements of the Department of De-fense, and reviewing such requests in the anual planning, programming, and budget process. ‘‘(E) Developing planning scenarios that describe the present and future strategic and operational environments by which to assess joint force capabilities and readiness. ‘‘(F) Developing specific outcomes that the joint force should be ready to achieve and conducting assessments of the readiness of the joint force to achieve such outcomes. ‘‘(G) Devising specific criteria to direct re-views by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the implementa-tion of the capability and readiness prior-ities of the Secretary.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on February 1, 2019. 
SEC. 904. REPORT ON ALLOCATION OF FORMER RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR AC-QUISITION, TECHNOLOGY, AND LO-GISTICS. 
Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the following: (1) A list of each provision of law, whether within or outside title 10, United States Code, in force as of the date of the report that, as of that date, assigns a duty, respon-sibility, or other requirement to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics. (2) For each duty, responsibility, or other requirement specified in a provision of law listed pursuant to paragraph (1), the alloca-tion of such duty, responsibility, or require-ment within the Department of Defense, in-cluding— (A) solely to the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering; (B) solely to the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment; (C) on a shared basis between the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-neering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment; (D) solely to another official or organiza-tion of the Department; (E) on a shared basis between other offi-cials and organizations of the Department; or (F) not allocated. SEC. 905. ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR STRATEGY, PLANS, ASSESS-MENTS, READINESS, AND CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 138(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5)(A) One of the Assistant Secretaries is the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strat-egy, Plans, Assessments, Readiness and Ca-pabilities. ‘‘(B) The principal duty of the Assistant Secretary shall be to support the Secretary of Defense in developing the National De-fense Strategy (as required by section 113 of this title) and related policy guidance for the campaign and contingency plans, force de-velopment and defense posture priorities, and readiness objectives required to execute the Strategy. ‘‘(C) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary and the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Assist-ant Secretary shall be responsible for the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) In matters relating to strategy and force planning, the following: ‘‘(I) Supporting the Secretary and the Under Secretary in preparing the National Defense Strategy. ‘‘(II) Producing policy guidance to direct the formulation of program and budget re-quests by the military departments and other elements of the Department, including the Defense Planning Guidance as required by section 113 of this title, and review such program and budget requests. ‘‘(III) Proposing alternative force sizes and structures, joint capabilities and concepts, and roles and missions for the armed forces to inform the development of annual pro-gram and budget requests. ‘‘(ii) In matters relating to plans and force posture, the following: ‘‘(I) Supporting the Secretary and the Under Secretary in producing policy guid-ance to inform the development of campaign and contingency plans by the commanders of the combatant commands, including the Contingency Planning Guidance for Employ-ment of the Force and the Global Defense Posture Report as required by section 113 of this title, and reviewing such plans. ‘‘(II) Advising the Secretary and the Under Secretary on alternative concepts for the employment and posture of the joint force to align with the National Defense Strategy and other approved policy guidance of the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) In matters relating to assessments, the following: ‘‘(I) Developing planning scenarios that de-scribe the present and future strategic and operational environments by which to assess joint force capabilities and readiness. ‘‘(II) Producing detailed assessments at the strategic, campaign, and mission levels (in-cluding through war games) to evaluate the present and future capability and readiness of the armed forces to conduct joint military campaigns or competitions that are prioritized in approved policy guidance of the Secretary. ‘‘(III) Devising specific criteria to direct reviews by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the implementa-tion of the capability and readiness prior-ities established in approved policy guidance of the Secretary. ‘‘(iv) In matters relating to readiness, the following: ‘‘(I) Describing the strategic, campaign, and mission outcomes that the joint force should be ready to achieve and by which joint force readiness will be assessed, in ac-cordance with approved strategic guidance of the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3090 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(II) Conducting assessments of the readi-ness of the joint force to perform the mis-sions prioritized in the National Defense Strategy and other approved policy guidance of the Secretary, including through the ob-servation of military training and exercises. ‘‘(v) In matters relating to strategic capa-bilities, developing and supervising policy, program planning and execution, and alloca-tion and use of resources for any strategic capabilities designated by the Under Sec-retary.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on February 1, 2019. 
SEC. 906. CLARIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES OF THE CHIEF INFOR-MATION OFFICER OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 142(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(other than with respect to business sys-tems and management)’’ after ‘‘sections 3506(a)(2)’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 11315 of title 40’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 11315 and 11319 of title 40 (other than with re-spect to business systems and manage-ment)’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sec-tions 2222, 2223(a), and 2224 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2223(a) (other than with respect to business systems and manage-ment) and 2224 of this title’’. 
SEC. 907. SPECIFICATION OF CERTAIN DUTIES OF THE DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFOR-MATION CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In addition to any other duties specified for the Defense Technical In-formation Center by law, regulation, or De-partment of Defense directive or instruction, the duties of the Center shall include the fol-lowing: (1) To execute the Global Research Watch Program under section 2365 of title 10, United States Code. (2) To develop and maintain datasets and other data repositories on research and engi-neering activities being conducted within the Department. (b) A
CTION PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan of action for the commencement by the Defense Technical Information Center of the duties specified in subsection (a). 
SEC. 908. LIMITATION ON TERMINATION OF, AND TRANSFER OF FUNCTIONS, RESPON-SIBILITIES, AND ACTIVITIES OF, THE STRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not terminate the Strategic Capabili-ties Office or transfer the functions or re-sponsibilities of such office to another entity or organization until the Secretary— (1) certifies to the congressional defense committees that the key functions, respon-sibilities, and activities of the office will be replicated and managed elsewhere after such office has been terminated or its functions, responsibilities, or activities have been transferred; (2) submits to the congressional defense committees— (A) a plan to replicate and manage such functions, responsibilities, and activities elsewhere; and (B) if the Secretary decides that the Stra-tegic Capabilities Office, or subsequent enti-ty, should report to an official other than the Under Secretary for Research and Engi-neering, a justification for such decision. (b) K
EYFUNCTIONS .—The key functions of the office referred to in subsection (a)(1) are the following: (1) Repurposing existing Government and commercial systems for new technological advantage. (2) Developing novel concepts of operation that are lower cost, more effective, and more responsive to changing threats than tradi-tional concepts of operation. (3) Developing joint systems and concepts of operations to meet emerging threats and military requirements based on partnerships with the military services and combatant commanders. (4) Developing prototypes and new con-cepts of operations that can inform the de-velopment of requirements and the estab-lishment of acquisition programs. (5) Such other functions as the Secretary considers appropriate. SEC. 909. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE TEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT CENTER AUTHORITY. 
Section 196 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in subsections (c)(1)(B) and (g) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics’’ and in-serting ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering’’. Subtitle B—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements 
SEC. 921. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN RESPON-SIBILITIES OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RELAT-ING TO JOINT FORCE CONCEPT DE-VELOPMENT. 
Subparagraph (D) of section 153(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) formulating policies for development and experimentation on both urgent and long-term concepts for the joint employment of the armed forces, including establishment of a process within the Joint Staff for— ‘‘(i) analyzing and prioritizing gaps in ca-pabilities that could potentially be addressed by joint concept development using existing or modified joint force capabilities; and ‘‘(ii) ensuring that such joint concepts are tested, assessed and, if appropriate, fielded to support the joint force;’’. 
SEC. 922. ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR SPECIAL OPERATIONS AND LOW-INTENSITY CONFLICT REVIEW OF UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS COMMAND. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict shall, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command, conduct a comprehensive review of the United States Special Operations Command for purposes of ensuring that the institutional and oper-ational capabilities of special operations forces are appropriate to counter anticipated future threats across the spectrum of con-flict. (b) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The review required by subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: (1) An assessment of the adequacy of spe-cial operations forces doctrine, organization, training, materiel, education, personnel, and facilities to implement the 2018 National De-fense Strategy, and recommendations, if any, for modifications for that purpose. (2) An assessment of the roles and respon-sibilities of special operations forces as as-signed by law, Department of Defense guid-ance, or other formal designation and rec-ommendations, if any, for additions to or divestitures of such roles or responsibilities. (3) An assessment of the adequacy of the processes through which the United States Special Operations Command evaluates and prioritizes the requirements at the geo-graphic combatant commands for special op-erations forces and special operations-unique capabilities and makes recommendations on the allocation of special operations forces and special operations-unique capabilities to meet such requirements, and recommenda-tions, if any, for modifications of such proc-esses. (4) Any other matters the Assistant Sec-retary considers appropriate. (c) DEADLINES .— (1) C
OMPLETION OF REVIEW .—The review re-quired by subsection (a) shall be completed by not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after completion of the review, the Assistant Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the review, in-cluding the findings and any recommenda-tions of the Assistant Secretary as a result of the review. 
SEC. 923. QUALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF A MILITARY DEPART-MENT. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.—An indi- vidual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Army unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business operations or management in the public sec-tor; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.—An indi- vidual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Navy unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business operations or management in the public sec-tor; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF THE AIRFORCE .—An in- dividual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Air Force unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business operations or management in the public sec-tor; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. 
SEC. 924. EXPANSION OF PRINCIPAL DUTIES OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY FOR RESEARCH, DEVELOP-MENT, AND ACQUISITION. 
Section 5016(b)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and ac-quisition matters’’ and inserting ‘‘acquisi-tion, and sustainment (including mainte-nance) matters’’. 
SEC. 925. CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAMS IN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF CERTAIN TEAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Among the cross-func-tional teams established by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (c) of section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2345; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) in support of the organizational strategy for the De-partment of Defense required by subsection (a) of that section, the Secretary shall estab-lish a cross-functional team on each matter as follows: (A) Electronic warfare. (B) Personnel security. (C) Close combat lethality. (2) E
STABLISHMENT AND ACTIVITIES .—Each cross-functional team established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be established in ac-cordance with subsection (c) of section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, and shall be governed in its activities in accordance with the provisions of such subsection (c). (3) D
EADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The cross-functional teams required by para-graph (1) shall be established by not later 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3091 June 6, 2018 
than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) A
DDITIONAL CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAMS  M
ATTERS .— (1) C
RITERIA FOR DISTINGUISHING AMONG  
CROSS -FUNCTIONAL TEAMS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue criteria that distinguish cross-functional teams under sec-tion 911 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 from other types of cross-functional working groups, committees, integrated product teams, and task forces of the Department. (2) P
RIMARY RESPONSIBILITY FOR IMPLEMEN -
TATION OF TEAMS .—The Deputy Secretary of Defense shall establish or designate an office within the Department that shall have pri-mary responsibility for implementing sec-tion 911 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017. 
SEC. 926. DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION OF FULL IMPLEMENTATION OF REQUIRE-MENTS IN CONNECTION WITH ORGA-NIZATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR MANAGEMENT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the implementation of section 922 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2354) and the amendments made by that section is fully complete by not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally 
SEC. 931. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 117 the following new section: ‘‘§ 118. Major headquarters activities: limita-tion on funds available ‘‘(a) O
VERALL LIMITATION .—In any fiscal year after fiscal year 2020, the aggregate amount that may be obligated and expended on major headquarters activities may not ex-ceed an amount equal to 1.6 percent of the average amount authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense (in-cluding for overseas contingency operations) over the 10 fiscal years ending with the pre-ceding fiscal year. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY FOR PAR-
TICULAR ACTIVITIES .—Within the amount available for a fiscal year pursuant to sub-section (a), amounts shall be available as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) For the Office of the Secretary of De-fense, not more than an amount equal to 0.4 percent of the average amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of De-fense (including for overseas contingency op-erations) over the 10 fiscal years ending with the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(2) For the major headquarters activities of a military department, not more than an amount equal to 1 percent of the average amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense (including for over-seas contingency operations) for such mili-tary department over the 10 fiscal years end-ing with the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF REMAINING FUNDS .— Any funds available in a fiscal year for major headquarters activities under subsection (a) after the operation of subsection (b) in con-nection with such fiscal year may be distrib-uted for availability by the Secretary of De-fense among any major headquarters activi-ties other than the Office of the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘major headquarters activi-ties’ has the meaning given the term ‘major Department of Defense headquarters activi-ties’ in section 346(b)(3) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 111 note). ‘‘(2) The term ‘major headquarters activi-ties of a military department’ means the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) In the case of the Army, the Office of the Secretary of the Army and the Army Staff. ‘‘(B) In the case of the Navy, the Office of the Secretary of the Navy, the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, and Headquarters, Marine Corps. ‘‘(C) In the case of the Air Force, the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Air Staff. ‘‘(3) The term ‘Office of the Secretary of Defense’ includes the Joint Staff.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 2 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 117 the following new item: ‘‘118. Major headquarters activities: limita-tion on funds available.’’. 
SEC. 932. RESPONSIBILITY FOR POLICY ON CIVIL-IAN CASUALTY MATTERS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF SENIOR CIVILIAN OFFI-
CIAL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Policy shall designate a senior civilian official of the Department of Defense at or above the level of Assistant Secretary of Defense to develop, coordinate, and oversee compliance with the policy of the Department relating to civilian casual-ties resulting from United States military operations. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The senior civilian official designated under subsection (a) shall ensure that the policy referred to in that subsection provides for— (1) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for accurately re-cording kinetic strikes by the United States military; (2) the development and dissemination of best practices for reducing the likelihood of civilian casualties from United States mili-tary operations; (3) the development of a publicly available Internet portal for the submittal of allega-tions of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations; (4) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for reviewing and investigating allegations of civilian casual-ties resulting from United States military operations, including the consideration of relevant information from all available sources; (5) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for— (A) acknowledging the responsibility of the United States military for civilian casualties resulting from United States military oper-ations; and (B) offering ex gratia payments to civilians who have been injured, or to the families of civilians killed, as a result of United States military operations, as determined to be nec-essary by the designated senior civilian offi-cial; (6) regular engagement with relevant inter-governmental and nongovernmental organi-zations; and (7) public affairs guidance with respect to matters relating to civilian casualties al-leged or confirmed to have resulted from United States military operations; and (8) such other matters with respect to ci-vilian casualties resulting from United States military operations as the designated senior civilian official considers appropriate. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the senior civilian official designated under sub-section (a) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes— (1) the policy developed by the senior civil-ian official under that subsection; and (2) the efforts of the Department to imple-ment such policy. SEC. 933. ADDITIONAL MATTERS IN CONNECTION WITH BACKGROUND AND SECURITY INVESTIGATIONS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL. 
(a) A DDITIONAL MATTER FOR ANNUAL RE-
PORTS .—Subsection (k)(3) of section 925 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (H) through (L) as subparagraphs (I) through (M), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following new subparagraph (H): ‘‘(H) The number of denials or revocations of a security clearance by each authorized adjudicative agency that occurred separately from a periodic reinvestigation.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-section (m); and (2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-lowing new subsection (l): ‘‘(l) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— ‘‘(1) personnel security investigations, and continuous evaluation, form an integral part of the security posture of the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(2) to the extent practicable, the Depart-ment should coordinate with the security ex-ecutive agent to ensure that the results of adjudication decisions, either within initial investigations or reinvestigations, are com-municated in a transparent manner to en-sure public trust in the adjudication proc-ess.’’. 
SEC. 934. PROGRAM OF EXPEDITED SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR MISSION-CRIT-ICAL POSITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall establish a program for the expedited processing of se-curity clearances for mission-critical posi-tions, fulfilled by either Government or con-tract employees. Under such program, the Security Executive Agent shall complete the processing of applications for security clear-ances— (1) at the secret level in 15 or fewer days; and (2) at the top secret level in 45 days or fewer. (b) S
ECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT .—In this section, the term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intel-ligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SEC. 935. INFORMATION SHARING PROGRAM FOR POSITIONS OF TRUST. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall es-tablish a program to share between and among Federal Government agencies and in-dustry partners of the Federal Government information regarding individuals applying for and in positions of trust, including derog-atory and suitability information. (b) P
RIVACY SAFEGUARDS .—The Security Executive Agent shall ensure that the pro-gram required by subsection (a) includes such safeguards for privacy as the Security Executive Agent considers appropriate. (c) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO THE PRI-
VATE SECTOR .—The Security Executive Agent shall ensure that under the program required by subsection (a) sufficient informa-tion is provided to the private sector so that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3092 June 6, 2018 
employers in the private sector can make in-formed decisions about hiring and retention in positions of trust, while safeguarding per-sonnel privacy. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall submit to Congress a plan for the implementation of the program required by subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) Matters that address privacy, security, and human resources processes. (B) Such recommendations as the Security Executive Agent may have for legislative or administrative action to carry out or im-prove the program. (e) S
ECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT .—In this section, the term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intel-ligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SEC. 936. REPORT ON CLEARANCE IN PERSON CONCEPT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall sub-mit to congressional defense and intelligence committees a report on the requirements, feasibility, and advisability of implementing a clearance in person concept as described in subsection (b) for maintaining access to clas-sified information. (b) C
LEARANCE IN PERSON CONCEPT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Implementation of a clearance in person concept as described in this subsection would permit an individual who has been granted a national security clearance to maintain eligibility for access to classified information, networks, and fa-cilities after the individual has separated from service to the Federal Government or transferred to a position that no longer re-quires access to classified information. (2) R
ECOGNITION AS CURRENT .—The concept described in paragraph (1) would also ensure that, unless otherwise directed by the Secu-rity Executive Agent, the individual’s secu-rity clearance would be recognized as cur-rent, regardless of employment status, with no further need for investigation or revalida-tion until the individual obtains a position requiring access to classified information. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall address the following: (1) Requirements for continuous vetting. (2) Appropriate safeguards for privacy. (3) An appropriate funding model. (4) Fairness to small business concerns and independent contractors. (d) S
ECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT .—In this section, the term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intel-ligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SEC. 937. STRATEGIC DEFENSE FELLOWS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) F ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish within the Department of Defense a civilian fellowship program designed to provide lead-ership development and the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership in the Department. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The fellowship program shall be known as the ‘‘Strategic Defense Fellows Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘fellows program’’). (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—An individual is eligible for participation in the fellows program if the individual— (1) is a citizen of the United States or a lawful permanent resident of the United States in the year in which the individual applies for participation in the fellows pro-gram; and (2) either— (A) possesses a graduate degree from an ac-credited institution of higher education in the United States that was awarded not later than two years before the date of the accept-ance of the individual into the fellows pro-gram; or (B) will be awarded a graduate degree from an accredited institution of higher education in the United States not later than six months after the date of the acceptance of the individual into the fellows program. (c) APPLICATION .— (1) A
PPLICATION REQUIRED .—Each indi-vidual seeking to participate in the fellows program shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication therefor at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall specify. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each application of an indi-vidual under this subsection shall include the following: (A) Transcripts of educational achieve-ment at the undergraduate and graduate level. (B) A resume. (C) Proof of citizenship or lawful perma-nent residence. (D) An endorsement from the applicant’s graduate institution of higher education. (E) An academic writing sample. (F) Letters of recommendation addressing the applicant’s character, academic ability, and any extracurricular activities. (G) A personal statement by the applicant explaining career areas of interest and moti-vations for service in the Department. (H) Such other information as the Sec-retary considers appropriate. (d) S
ELECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Secretary shall select participants in the fellows pro-gram from among applicants for the fellows program for such year who qualify for par-ticipation in the fellows program based on character, commitment to public service, academic achievement, extracurricular ac-tivities, and such other qualifications for participation in the fellows program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) N
UMBER .—The number of individuals se-lected to participate in the fellows program in any year may not exceed the numbers as follows: (A) Ten individuals from each geographic region of the United States as follows: (i) The Northeast. (ii) The Southeast. (iii) The Midwest. (iv) The Southwest. (v) The West. (B) Ten additional individuals. (3) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATION .—An indi- vidual selected to participate in the fellows program may not participate in the program unless the individual successfully undergoes a background investigation applicable to the position to which the individual will be as-signed under the fellows program and other-wise meets such requirements applicable to assignment to a sensitive position within the Department that the Secretary considers ap-propriate. (e) A
SSIGNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each individual who par-ticipates in the fellows program shall be as-signed to a position in the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense. (2) P
OSITION REQUIREMENTS .—Each Under Secretary of Defense and each Director of a Defense Agency who reports directly to the Secretary shall submit to the Secretary each year the qualifications and skills to be dem-onstrated by participants in the fellows pro-gram to qualify for assignment under this subsection for service in a position of the of-fice of such Under Secretary or Director. (3) ASSIGNMENT TO POSITIONS .—The Sec- retary shall each year assign participants in the fellows program to positions in the of-fices of the Under Secretaries and Directors described in paragraph (2). In making such assignments, the Secretary shall seek to best match the qualifications and skills of par-ticipants in the fellows program with the re-quirements of positions available for assign-ment. Each participant so assigned shall serve as a special assistant to the Under Sec-retary or Director to whom assigned. (4) T
ERM.—The term of each assignment under the fellows program shall be one year. (5) P
AY AND BENEFITS .—An individual as-signed to a position under the fellows pro-gram shall be compensated at the rate of compensation for employees at level GS–10 of the General Schedule, and shall be treated as an employee of the United States during the term of assignment, including for pur-poses of eligibility for health care benefits and retirement benefits available to employ-ees of the United States. (6) E
DUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT .—To the extent that funds are provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary may repay any loan of a participant in the fellows program if the loan is described by subpara-graph (A), (B), or (C) of section 16301(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code. Any repayment of loans under this paragraph shall be on a first-come, first-served basis. (f) C
AREER DEVELOPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that participants in the fellows pro-gram— (A) receive opportunities and support ap-propriate for the commencement of a career track within the Department leading toward a future position of senior leadership within the Department, including ongoing mentorship support through appropriate per-sonnel from entities within the Department such as the Defense Business Board and the Defense Innovation Board; and (B) are provided appropriate opportunities for employment and advancement within the Department upon successful completion of the fellows program. (2) R
ESERVATION OF POSITIONS .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall re-serve for participants who successfully com-plete the fellows program not fewer than 30 positions in the excepted service within the Department that are suitable for the com-mencement of a career track toward senior leadership within the Department. Any posi-tion so reserved shall not be subject to or covered by any reduction in headquarters personnel required under any other provision of law. (3) N
ONCOMPETITIVE APPOINTMENT .—Upon the successful completion of the assignment of a participant in the fellows program in a position pursuant to subsection (e), the Sec-retary may, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, appoint the participant to a position reserved pursuant to paragraph (2) if the Secretary determines that such ap-pointment will contribute to the develop-ment of highly qualified future senior lead-ers for the Department. (4) P
UBLICATION OF SELECTION .—The Sec- retary shall publish on an Internet website of the Department available to the public the names of the individuals selected to par-ticipate in the fellows program. (g) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall under-take appropriate outreach to inform poten-tial participants in the fellows program of the nature and benefits of participation in the fellows program. (h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out this section in accordance with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3093 June 6, 2018 
such regulations as the Secretary may pre-scribe for purposes of this section. (i) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, $10,000,000 may be available to carry out the fellows program in such fiscal year. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 941. ANALYSIS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS DATASETS TO PROMOTE SAVINGS AND EFFI-CIENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense shall develop a policy on analysis of Department of Defense datasets on business management and business operations by the public for purposes of accessing data analysis capabili-ties that would promote savings and effi-ciencies and otherwise enhance the utility of such datasets to the Department. (b) I
NITIAL DISCHARGE OF POLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Management Officer shall commence the discharge of the policy required pursuant to subsection (a) by— (A) identifying one or more matters— (i) that are of significance to the Depart-ment of Defense; (ii) that are currently unresolved; and (iii) whose resolution from a business man-agement or business operations dataset of the Department could benefit from a method or technique of analysis not currently famil-iar to the Department; (B) identifying between three and five busi-ness management or business operations datasets of the Department not currently available to the public whose evaluation could result in novel data analysis solutions toward management or operations problems of the Department identified by the Chief Management Officer; and (C) encouraging, whether by competition or other mechanisms, the evaluation of the datasets described in subparagraph (B) by ap-propriate persons and entities in the public or private sector (including academia). (2) P
ROTECTION OF SECURITY AND CONFIDEN -
TIALITY .—In providing for the evaluation of datasets pursuant to this subsection, the Chief Management Officer shall take appro-priate actions to protect the security and confidentiality of any information contained in the dataset, including through special pre-cautions to ensure that any personally iden-tifiable information is not included and no release of information will adversely affect national security missions. 
SEC. 942. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT TO AD-VANCE CAPABILITIES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN DATA IN-TEGRATION AND ADVANCED ANA-LYTICS IN CONNECTION WITH PER-SONNEL SECURITY. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall develop a plan on research and development activities to advance the capabilities of the Depart-ment of Defense in data integration and ad-vanced analytics in connection with per-sonnel security activities of the Department. The plan shall, to the extent practicable, provide for the leveraging of the capabilities of other government entities, institutions of higher education, and private sector entities with advanced, leading-edge expertise in data integration and analytics applicable to the challenges faced by the Department in connection with personnel security. (b) C
OORDINATION .—Any activities under the plan may be carried out in coordination with the Defense Digital Service and the De-fense Innovation Board. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall provide to the appro-priate committees of Congress a briefing on the plan. (d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may transfer amounts of authoriza-tions made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2019 between any such authorizations for that fis-cal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the total amount of authoriza-tions that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this section may not exceed $4,500,000,000. (3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN  
MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A transfer of funds between military personnel authorizations under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in para-graph (2). (b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided by subsection (a) to transfer authoriza-tions— (1) may only be used to provide authority for items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is trans-ferred; and (2) may not be used to provide authority for an item that has been denied authoriza-tion by Congress. (c) E
FFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. (d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall promptly notify Congress of each trans-fer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. INCLUSION OF FUNDS FOR AIR FORCE PASS-THROUGH ITEMS IN DEFENSE- WIDE BUDGET FOR THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In any budget of the President submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019, any funds for an Air Force pass-through item shall be requested in the Defense-wide budg-et of the Department of Defense rather than the budget of the Air Force. (b) A
IRFORCE PASS-THROUGH ITEM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Air Force pass-through item’’ means a program, project, or activity for which— (1) funds would otherwise be requested for the Air Force; and (2) funds made available for execution will be executed by another department, agency, or element of the Department of Defense. SEC. 1003. REPORT ON SHIFT IN REQUESTS FOR FUNDS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE ACTIVITIES FROM FUNDS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OP-ERATIONS TO FUNDS THROUGH THE BASE BUDGET. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 14 days after the submittal to Congress of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on any shift during fiscal year 2020 from requests for funds for Department of Defense activities for overseas contingency operations to re-quests for funds for such activities for the Department generally (commonly referred to as the ‘‘base budget’’). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the assumptions used by the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces in determining the programs, projects, and activities for which funds were requested for fiscal year 2019 for overseas contingency operations for which funds are requested for fiscal year 2020 for the Depart-ment generally, including any changes to the criteria for overseas contingency operations funding requests issued in 2010 and used by the Office of Management and Budget in identifying the programs, projects, and ac-tivities for which funds are so requested for fiscal year 2020. (2) The programs, projects, and activities of the Department for which funds were re-quested for fiscal year 2019 for overseas con-tingency operations that are requested in the budget for fiscal year 2020 to be funded for the Department generally, and the amount for such programs, projects, and ac-tivities, set forth at the level of detail as fol-lows: (A) For procurement, by line item. (B) For research, development, test, and evaluation, by program element (PE) num-ber. (C) For operation and maintenance, by sub- activity group (SAG). (D) For military personnel, by sub-activity group. (E) For revolving and management funds, by sub-activity group. (F) For military construction, by project. 
SEC. 1004. RANKING OF AUDITABILITY OF FINAN-CIAL STATEMENTS OF THE ORGANI-ZATIONS AND ELEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT ON RANKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in co-ordination with the Under Secretary of De-fense (Comptroller), submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth a ranking of the auditability of the fi-nancial statements of the departments, agencies, organizations, and elements of the Department of Defense according to the progress made toward achieving auditability as required by law. (b) C
RITERIA FOR RANKING .—The criteria to be used for ranking for purposes of the report under this section shall be— (1) the criteria developed by the Under Sec-retary pursuant to section 1104 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) for a similar re-port under that section; (2) other criteria developed by the Under Secretary for purposes of the report under this section; or (3) a combination of the criteria described in paragraphs (1) and (2). (c) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The report required by this section is in addition to the report re-quired by section 1104 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3094 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 1005. TRANSPARENCY OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS USED TO SUPPORT DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AUDIT. 
The Secretary of Defense shall require any accounting firm under contract or under consideration for a contract or for the re-newal of an existing contract with the De-partment of Defense in support of the audit required under section 3521 of title 31, United States Code, to provide a statement setting forth the details of any disciplinary pro-ceedings with respect to the accounting firm or its associated persons before any entity with the authority to enforce compliance with rules or laws applying to audit services offered by accounting firms. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1011. DATE OF LISTING OF VESSELS AS BAT-TLE FORCE SHIPS IN THE NAVAL VESSEL REGISTER AND OTHER FLEET INVENTORY MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7301 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) L
ISTING AS BATTLE FORCE SHIP IN  N
AVAL VESSEL REGISTER .—A covered vessel may not be listed in the Naval Vessel Reg-ister or other fleet inventory measures as a battle force ship until the delivery date spec-ified in subsection (a).’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Such section is further amended by striking subsection (d), as redes-ignated by subsection (a)(1) of this section, and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered vessel’ means any vessel of the Navy that is under construction or constructed using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of De-fense for shipbuilding and conversion, Navy. ‘‘(2) The term ‘battle force ship’ means the following: ‘‘(A) A commissioned United States Ship warship capable of contributing to combat operations. ‘‘(B) A United States Naval Ship that con-tributes directly to Navy warfighting or sup-port missions.’’. 
SEC. 1012. ANNUAL REPORTS ON EXAMINATION OF NAVY VESSELS. 
Section 7304 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1 each year, the board designated under sub-section (a) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(A) An overall narrative summary of the material readiness of Navy ships as com-pared to established material requirements standards. ‘‘(B) The overall number and types of ves-sels inspected during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(C) For in-service vessels, material readi-ness trends by inspected functional area as compared to the previous five years. ‘‘(2) F
ORM.—Each report under this sub-section shall be submitted in an unclassified form that is releasable to the public without further redaction. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—No report shall be re-quired under this subsection after October 1, 2021.’’. 
SEC. 1013. LIMITATION ON DURATION OF HOME-PORTING OF CERTAIN VESSELS IN FOREIGN LOCATIONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 7310 the following new section: ‘‘§ 7310a. Homeporting of certain vessels in overseas locations: limitation on duration ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—A vessel specified in subsection (b) that is listed in the Naval Ves-sel Register may not be homeported in a lo-cation other than in the United States or Guam for a period of more than 10 consecu-tive years. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED VESSELS .—The vessels spec-ified in this subsection are the following: ‘‘(1) Aircraft carrier. ‘‘(2) Amphibious ship. ‘‘(3) Cruiser. ‘‘(4) Destroyer. ‘‘(5) Frigate. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief of Naval Oper-ations may waive the applicability of sub-section (a) to a ship. ‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVENESS CONTINGENT ON RE -
PORT .—A waiver under paragraph (1) with re-spect to a ship shall go into effect on the date on which the Chief of Naval Operations submits to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the waiver setting forth the following: ‘‘(A) The ship covered by the waiver. ‘‘(B) The duration of the waiver for such ship ‘‘(C) The justification of the Chief of Naval Operations for the waiver.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7310 the following new item: ‘‘7310a. Homeporting of certain vessels in overseas locations: limitation on duration.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2020, and shall apply with respect to the homeporting of vessels after that date, regardless of whether the continuous period of homeporting concerned commenced before that date. 
SEC. 1014. SPECIFIC AUTHORIZATION REQUIRE-MENT FOR NUCLEAR REFUELING OF AIRCRAFT CARRIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 7314 the following new section: ‘‘§ 7314a. Nuclear refueling of aircraft car-riers: specific authorization required ‘‘Funds may not be obligated or expended for the procurement of a naval nuclear reac-tor power unit or associated reactor compo-nents for the nuclear refueling of an aircraft carrier unless such refueling is specifically authorized, by ship name and hull number, by statute.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7314 the following new item: ‘‘7314a. Nuclear refueling of aircraft carriers: specific authorization re-quired.’’. 
SEC. 1015. DISMANTLEMENT AND DISPOSAL OF NUCLEAR-POWERED AIRCRAFT CAR-RIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7320. Nuclear-powered aircraft carriers: dismantlement and disposal ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not less than 90 days be-fore the award of a contract for the dis-mantlement and disposal of a nuclear-pow-ered aircraft carrier, or the provision of funds to a naval shipyard for the dismantle-ment and disposal of a nuclear-powered air-craft carrier, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(1) A cost and schedule baseline for the dismantlement and disposal approved by the service acquisition executive of the Depart-ment of the Navy and the Chief of Naval Op-erations. ‘‘(2) An independent cost estimate of the dismantlement and disposal prepared by the Office of Cost Analysis and Program Evalua-tion. ‘‘(3) A description of the regulatory frame-work applicable to the management of radio-active materials in connection with the dis-mantlement and disposal, including, in cases in which the Navy intends to have another government entity serve as the regulatory enforcement authority— ‘‘(A) a certification from that entity of its agreement to serve as the regulatory en-forcement authority; and ‘‘(B) a description of the legal basis for the authority of that entity to serve as the regu-latory enforcement authority. ‘‘(b) SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION WITH B
UDGETS .—In the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in sup-port of the budget of the President for a fis-cal year (as submitted to Congress under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31), the Secretary of the Navy shall include information on each dis-mantlement and disposal of a nuclear-pow-ered aircraft carrier occurring or planned to occur during the period of the future-years defense program submitted to Congress with that budget. Such information shall include, by ship concerned, the following: ‘‘(1) A summary of activities and signifi-cant developments in connection with such dismantlement and disposal. ‘‘(2) If applicable, a detailed description of cost and schedule performance against the baseline for such dismantlement and dis-posal established pursuant to subsection (a), including a description of and explanation for any variance from such baseline. ‘‘(3) A description of the amounts re-quested, or intended or estimated to be re-quested, for such dismantlement and dis-posal for each of the following: ‘‘(A) Each fiscal year covered by the fu-ture-years defense program. ‘‘(B) Any fiscal years before the fiscal years covered by the future-years defense program. ‘‘(C) Any fiscal years after the end of the period of the future-years defense program. ‘‘(c) F
UTURE -YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘future- years defense program’ means the future- years defense program required by section 221 of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘7320. Nuclear-powered aircraft carriers; dis-mantlement and disposal.’’. 
SEC. 1016. NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Section 2218(f)(3)(C) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘two foreign constructed ships’’ and inserting ‘‘seven foreign constructed ships during the period beginning with fiscal year 2019 and ending with fiscal year 2030’’. 
SEC. 1017. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF HOSPITAL SHIPS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Navy may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, transfer, or place in stor-age any hospital ship. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the limitation in subsection (a) with respect to a hospital ship if the Sec-retary certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3095 June 6, 2018 
(1) identified a replacement capability, and the necessary quantity of systems, to meet all hospital ship requirements of the combat-ant commands that are currently being met by such hospital ship; (2) achieved initial operational capability of all systems described in paragraph (1); and (3) deployed a sufficient quantity of sys-tems described in paragraph (1) that have achieved initial operational capability in order to continue to meet or exceed all re-quirements of the combatant commands that are currently being met by such hospital ship. Subtitle C—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1021. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RE-LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 1033 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1022. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CONSTRUCT OR MOD-IFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1034(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1023. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RE-LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO CER-TAIN COUNTRIES. 
Section 1035 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1024. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CLOSE OR RELIN-QUISH CONTROL OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1036 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended inserting ‘‘or 2019’’ after ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. 
SEC. 1025. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES TEM-PORARILY FOR EMERGENCY OR CRITICAL MEDICAL TREATMENT. 
(a) T EMPORARY TRANSFER FOR MEDICAL  T
REATMENT .—Notwithstanding section 1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), as amended by section 1021 of this Act, or any similar provision of law enacted after Sep-tember 30, 2015, the Secretary of Defense may, after consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, temporarily transfer an individual detained at Guantanamo to a Department of Defense medical facility in the United States for the sole purpose of pro-viding the individual medical treatment if the Secretary of Defense determines that— (1) the medical treatment of the individual is necessary to prevent death or imminent significant injury or harm to the health of the individual; (2) the necessary medical treatment is not available to be provided at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, without incurring excessive and unreason-able costs; and (3) the Department of Defense has provided for appropriate security measures for the custody and control of the individual during any period in which the individual is tempo-rarily in the United States under this sec-tion. (b) LIMITATION ON EXERCISE OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—The authority of the Secretary of De-fense under subsection (a) may be exercised only by the Secretary of Defense or another official of the Department of Defense at the level of Under Secretary of Defense or high-er. (c) C
ONDITIONS OF TRANSFER .—An indi- vidual who is temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a) shall— (1) while in the United States, remain in the custody and control of the Secretary of Defense at all times; and (2) be returned to United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as soon as fea-sible after a Department of Defense physi-cian determines, in consultation with the Commander, Joint Task Force-Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, that any necessary follow-up medical care may reasonably be provided the individual at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. (d) S
TATUS WHILE IN UNITED STATES .—An individual who is temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a), while in the United States— (1) shall be deemed at all times and in all respects to be in the uninterrupted custody of the Secretary of Defense, as though the individual remained physically at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; (2) shall not at any time be subject to, and may not apply for or obtain, or be deemed to enjoy, any right, privilege, status, benefit, or eligibility for any benefit under any provi-sion of the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)), or any other law or regulation; (3) shall not be permitted to avail himself of any right, privilege, or benefit of any law of the United States beyond those available to individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay; and (4) shall not, as a result of such transfer, have a change in any designation that may have attached to that detainee while de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, pursuant to the Author-ization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40), as determined in accordance with ap-plicable law and regulations. (e) N
OCAUSE OF ACTION .—Any decision to transfer or not to transfer an individual made under the authority in subsection (a) shall not give rise to any claim or cause of action. (f) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider any claim or action against the United States or its departments, agencies, officers, employees, or agents arising from or relating to any aspect of the detention, transfer, treatment, or conditions of confinement of an individual transferred under this section. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR HABEAS CORPUS .—The United States District Court for the District of Columbia shall have exclusive jurisdiction to consider an application for writ of habeas corpus seeking release from custody filed by or on behalf of an individual who is in the United States pursuant to a temporary transfer under the authority in subsection (a). Such jurisdiction shall be limited to that required by the Constitution, and relief shall be only as provided in paragraph (3). In such a proceeding the court may not review, halt, or stay the return of the individual who is the object of the application to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, pursuant to subsection (c). (3) RELIEF .—A court order in a proceeding covered by paragraph (2)— (A) may not order the release of the indi-vidual within the United States; and (B) shall be limited to an order of release from custody which, when final, the Sec-retary of Defense shall implement in accord-ance with section 1034 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 801 note). (g) N
OTIFICATION .—Whenever a temporary transfer of an individual detained at Guanta-namo is made under the authority of sub-section (a), the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the transfer not later than five days after the date on which the transfer is made. (h) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo’’ means an individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of Octo-ber 1, 2009, who— (1) is not a national of the United States (as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)) or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. (i) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to an individual temporarily trans-ferred under the authority in subsection (a) regardless of the status of any pending or completed proceeding or detention on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations 
SEC. 1031. STRATEGIC GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
Section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (2) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs (2) through (4): ‘‘(2)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1), the Secretary, with the ad-vice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall each year provide to the officials and officers referred in paragraph (1)(A), and submit to the congressional defense commit-tees, written guidance (to be known as ‘De-fense Planning Guidance’) establishing goals, priorities, and objectives, including fiscal constraints, to direct the preparation and re-view of the program and budget rec-ommendations of all elements of the Depart-ment, including— ‘‘(i) the priority military missions of the Department, including the assumed force planning scenarios and constructs; ‘‘(ii) the force size and shape, force posture, defense capabilities, force readiness, infra-structure, organization, personnel, techno-logical innovation, and other elements of the defense program necessary to support the strategy required by paragraph (1); ‘‘(iii) the resource levels projected to be available for the period of time for which such recommendations and proposals are to be effective; and ‘‘(iv) a discussion of any changes in the strategy required by paragraph (1) and as-sumptions underpinning the strategy, as re-quired by paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) The guidance required by this para-graph shall be produced in February each year in order to support the planning and budget process. The guidance shall be sub-mitted to the congressional defense commit-tees together with the budget of the Presi-dent (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31) for the fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3096 June 6, 2018 
beginning in the year in which such guidance is submitted. ‘‘(3)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1) and in conjunction with the reporting requirement in section 2687a of this title, the Secretary, with the approval of the President and the advice of the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall, on the basis provided in subparagraph (E), provide to the officials and officers referred to in paragraph (1)(A), and submit to the congres-sional defense committees, written guidance (to be known as ‘Contingency Planning Guid-ance’ or ‘Guidance for Employment of the Force’) on the preparation and review of con-tingency and campaign plans, including plans for providing support to civil authori-ties in an incident of national significance or a catastrophic incident, for homeland de-fense, and for military support to civil au-thorities. ‘‘(B) The guidance required by this para-graph shall include the following: ‘‘(i) A description of the manner in which limited existing forces and resources shall be prioritized and apportioned to achieve the objectives described in the strategy required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) A description of the relative priority of contingency and campaign plans, specific force levels, and supporting resource levels projected to be available for the period of time for which such plans are to be effective. ‘‘(C) The guidance required by this para-graph shall include the following: ‘‘(i) Prioritized global, regional, and func-tional policy objectives that the armed forces should plan to achieve, including plans for deliberate and contingency sce-narios. ‘‘(ii) Policy and strategic assumptions that should guide military planning, including the role of foreign partners. ‘‘(iii) Guidance on global posture and glob-al force management. ‘‘(iv) Security cooperation priorities. ‘‘(v) Specific guidance on United States and Department nuclear policy. ‘‘(D) The guidance required by this para-graph shall be the primary source document to be used by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in— ‘‘(i) executing the global military integra-tion responsibilities described in section 153 of this title; and ‘‘(ii) developing implementation guidance for the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the com-manders of the combatant commands. ‘‘(E) The guidance required by this para-graph shall be produced every two years, or more frequently as needed. ‘‘(F) The guidance required by this para-graph shall be submitted to the congres-sional defense committees as required by subparagraph (A) in February of each year in which produced, and shall be accompanied by any written implementation documentation produced by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for purposes of such guidance. ‘‘(4)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1), the Secretary, with the ad-vice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall each year produce, and submit to the congressional defense committee, a re-port (to be known as the ‘Global Defense Posture Report’) that shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A description of major changes to United States forces, capabilities, and equip-ment assigned and allocated outside the United States, focused on significant alter-ations, additions, or reductions to such glob-al defense posture that are required to exe-cute the strategy and plans of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(ii) A description of the supporting net-work of infrastructure, facilities, pre-posi-tioned stocks, and war reserve materiel re-quired for execution of major contingency plans of the Department. ‘‘(iii) A list of all enduring locations, in-cluding main operating bases, forward oper-ating sites, and cooperative security loca-tions. ‘‘(iv) A description of the status of treaty, access, cost-sharing, and status-protection agreements with foreign nations. ‘‘(v) A summary of the priority posture ini-tiatives for each region by the commanders of the combatant commands. ‘‘(vi) For each military department, a sum-mary of the implications for overseas pos-ture of any force structure changes. ‘‘(vii) A description of the costs incurred outside the United States during the pre-ceding fiscal year in connection with oper-ating, maintaining, and supporting United States forces outside the United States for each military department, broken out by country, and whether for operation and maintenance, infrastructure, or transpor-tation. ‘‘(viii) A description of the amount of di-rect support for the stationing of United States forces provided by each host nation during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) The report required by this paragraph shall be submitted to the congressional de-fense committees as required by subpara-graph (A) by not later than April 30 each year. ‘‘(C) In this paragraph, the term ‘United States’, when used in a geographic sense, in-cludes the territories and possessions of the United States’’. 
SEC. 1032. GUIDANCE ON THE ELECTRONIC WAR-FARE MISSION AREA AND JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM OP-ERATIONS. 
(a) P ROCESSES AND PROCEDURES FOR INTE-
GRATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) establish processes and procedures to develop, integrate, and enhance the elec-tronic warfare mission area and the conduct of joint electromagnetic spectrum oper-ations in all domains across the Department of Defense; and (2) ensure that such processes and proce-dures provide for integrated defense-wide strategy, planning, and budgeting with re-spect to the conduct of such operations by the Department, including activities con-ducted to counter and deter such operations by malign actors. (b) D
ESIGNATED SENIOR OFFICIAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-ignate a senior official of the Department of Defense (in this section referred to as the ‘‘designated senior official’’) who shall im-plement and oversee the processes and proce-dures established under subsection (a). The designated senior official shall be designated by the Secretary from among individuals serving in the Department at or below the level of Under Secretary of Defense. The des-ignated senior official shall oversee and chair the cross-functional team established pursuant to subsection (c) and the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee established in March 2015. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The designated sen-ior official shall have, with respect to the implementation and oversight of the proc-esses and procedures established under sub-section (a), the following responsibilities: (A) Development of a strategic framework for the conduct and execution of the elec-tronic warfare mission area and joint elec-tromagnetic spectrum operations by the De-partment, coordinated across all relevant elements of the Department, including both near-term and long-term guidance for the conduct of such operations. (B) Oversight of resource management for the development and integration of elec-tronic warfare capabilities of the Depart-ment. (3) ANNUAL CERTIFICATION ON BUDGETING  
FOR CERTAIN CAPABILITIES .—Each budget for fiscal years 2020 through 2024 submitted by the President to Congress pursuant to sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall include a certification by the senior designated official, as chair of the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee, whether suf-ficient funds are requested in such budget for anticipated activities in such fiscal year for each of the following: (A) The development of an Electro-magnetic Battle Management capability for joint electromagnetic spectrum operations. (B) The establishment and operation of as-sociated Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations cells. (c) C
ROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAM FOR ELEC-
TRONIC WARFARE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary shall, in accordance with section 911(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2345; 10 U.S.C. 111 note), establish a cross-functional team for electronic warfare in order to identify gaps in electronic war-fare capabilities and capacities within the Department across personnel, procedural, and equipment areas. (2) S
PECIFIC DUTIES .—The cross-functional team established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall provide recommendations to address gaps identified as described in that para-graph to the senior designated official. (d) P
LANS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR ELEC-
TRONIC WARFARE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-quire the designated senior official to task the cross-functional team established pursu-ant to subsection (c) to develop requirements and specific plans for addressing personnel and capability gaps in the electronic warfare mission area, and plans for future warfare in that domain (including a roadmap for the next five years). (2) U
PDATE OF STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the cross-functional team shall— (A) update the strategy of the Department of Defense titled ‘‘The DOD Electronic War-fare Strategy’’ and dated June 2017 to in-clude the roadmap referred to in paragraph (1); and (B) submit the updated strategy to the des-ignated senior official for transmittal to the congressional defense committees. (3) E
LEMENTS .—The requirements and plans developed by the cross-functional team pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An accounting of the efforts under-taken in support of the strategy referred to in paragraph (2)(A) since its issuance in June 2017. (B) A description of any updates or changes to the strategy since its issuance, and a de-scription of any anticipated updates or changes to the strategy as a result of the designation of the designated senior official. (C) An assessment of vulnerabilities identi-fied in the May 2015 Electronic Warfare as-sessment by the Defense Science Board. (D) An assessment of the capability of joint forces to conduct joint electromagnetic spectrum operations against near-peer ad-versaries and any capability or capacity gaps in such capability that need to be addressed, including an assessment of the ability of joint forces to conduct coordinated military operations to exploit, attack, protect, and manage the electromagnetic environment in the Signals Intelligence, Electronic Warfare, and Spectrum Management mission areas. (E) A review of the roles of offices within the Joint Staff, the Office of the Secretary of Defense, and the combatant commands with primary responsibility for joint electro-magnetic spectrum policy and operations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3097 June 6, 2018 
(F) A description of any assumptions about the roles and contributions of the Depart-ment, in coordination with other depart-ments and agencies of the United States Government, with respect to the strategy. (G) A description of actions, performance metrics, and projected timelines for achiev-ing key capabilities for electronic warfare and joint electromagnetic spectrum oper-ations to correspond to the four thematic goals identified in the strategy and as ad-dressed by the roadmap. (H) An analysis of any personnel, resourcing, capability, authority, or other gaps to be addressed in order to ensure effec-tive implementation of the strategy across all relevant elements of the Department, in-cluding an update on each of the following: (i) The development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint elec-tromagnetic spectrum operations. (ii) The establishment and operation of Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations cells at critical combatant command loca-tions. (I) An investment framework and projected timeline for addressing any gaps described by subparagraph (H). (J) In consultation with the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency— (i) a comprehensive assessment of the elec-tronic warfare capabilities of the Russian Federation and People’s Republic of China; (ii) a review of vulnerabilities with respect to electronic systems, such as the Global Po-sitioning System, and in Department-wide abilities to conduct countermeasures in re-sponse to electronic warfare attacks; and (iii) a holistic study of all aspects of the manner in which the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China develop elec-tronic warfare doctrine, with order of battle across multiple domains, and long-term re-search trends of each country in connection with such warfare. (K) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (4) P
ERIODIC STATUS REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the requirements and plans required by paragraph (1) are sub-mitted in accordance with paragraph (2), and every 90 days thereafter during the three- year period beginning on the date such plans and requirements are first submitted in ac-cordance with paragraph (2), the designated senior official shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report describ-ing the status of the efforts of the Depart-ment in accomplishing the tasks specified in subparagraphs (B) and (G) of paragraph (3). (e) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—Consistent with the elements under subsection (d)(3) of the plans and requirements required by sub-section (d)(1), the cross-functional team es-tablished pursuant to subsection (c) shall provide the senior designated official rec-ommendations for programs to provide train-ing and education to such members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department as the Secretary considers ap-propriate in order to ensure that such mem-bers and employees understand the roles and vulnerabilities associated with electronic warfare and dependence on the electro-magnetic spectrum. 
SEC. 1033. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS COMMAND GLOBAL MES-SAGING AND COUNTER-MESSAGING PLATFORM. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act may be used for United States Special Operations Command’s Global Messaging and Counter-Messaging platform until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a report containing the following elements: (1) A review of the doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel and facilities applicable to mili-tary information support personnel, includ-ing, at a minimum— (A) an assessment of current doctrine, or-ganization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel and facilities; and (B) recommended changes for enhancing the ability of military information support personnel to operate effectively in the cur-rent and future information environment. (2) An implementation plan for the estab-lishment of the platform, including a timeline for achieving initial and full oper-ational capability. (3) A description of the budget require-ments for the platform to reach full oper-ational capability, including an identifica-tion and cost of any infrastructure and equipment requirements. (4) A summary of costs to operate and sus-tain the platform across the future year’s de-fense plan. (5) An explanation of the Secretary’s guid-ance to the combatant commands to ensure unity of effort and prevent the proliferation of messaging and counter-messaging plat-forms. (6) A detailed description of the processes for deconfliction and, where possible, inte-gration of platform planning and activities with those of relevant departments and agencies of the United States Government, including the Department of State’s Global Engagement Center. (7) An identification of any additional au-thorities that may be required for achieving full operational capability of the platform. (8) Any other matters deemed relevant by the Secretary. SEC. 1034. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE BASING OF KC–46A AIRCRAFT OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the De-partment of Defense is continuing its process of permanently stationing KC–46A aircraft at installations in the continental United States (CONUS) and forward-basing outside the continental United States (OCONUS). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, as part of the strategic basing process for KC–46A aircraft, should continue to place emphasis on and consider the benefits de-rived from locations outside the continental United States that— (1) support day-to-day air refueling oper-ations, operations plans of the combatant commands, and flexibility for contingency operations, and have— (A) a strategic location that is essential to the defense of the United States and its in-terests; (B) receivers for boom or probe-and-drogue training opportunities with joint and inter-national partners; and (C) sufficient airfield and airspace avail-ability and capacity to meet requirements; and (2) possess facilities that— (A) take full advantage of existing infra-structure to provide— (i) runway, hangars, and aircrew and main-tenance operations; and (ii) sufficient fuels receipt, storage, and distribution capacities for a 5-day peacetime operating stock; and (B) minimize overall construction and operational costs. 
SEC. 1035. RELINQUISHMENT OF LEGISLATIVE JURISDICTION OF CRIMINAL OF-FENSES COMMITTED BY JUVENILES ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any mili-tary installation or portion of a military in-stallation of which exclusive legislative ju-risdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles is retained by the United States as of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned shall seek to relinquish to the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession concerned legislative jurisdiction of such offenses such that the United States and the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession, as the case may be, have concur-rent legislative jurisdiction of such offenses. (b) MANNER OF RELINQUISHMENT .—Legisla- tive jurisdiction shall be relinquished pursu-ant to subsection (a) in the manner provided in section 2683(a) of title 10, United States Code. (c) D
EADLINE .—The Secretaries concerned shall, to the extent practicable, complete re-linquishment of legislative jurisdiction pur-suant to subsection (a) by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary concerned shall submit to Congress a report on the relinquishment of legislative jurisdiction pursuant to sub-section (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report of a Secretary under this subsection shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A list of the installations or portions of installations under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of which exclusive legislative ju-risdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles is retained by the United States as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) A list of the installations or portions of installations listed pursuant to subpara-graph (A) for which legislative jurisdiction was relinquished pursuant to subsection (a) as of the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (C) A list of the installations or portions of installations listed pursuant to subpara-graph (A) for which legislative jurisdiction was not relinquished pursuant to subsection (a) as of the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and, for each such installation or portion of installa-tion, the reasons why such legislative juris-diction was not so relinquished. (e) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1036. POLICY ON RESPONSE TO JUVENILE- ON-JUVENILE ABUSE COMMITTED ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a policy, applicable across the military installations of the Department of Defense (including installations outside the United States), on the response of the De-partment to allegations of juvenile-on-juve-nile abuse on military installations. The pol-icy shall be designed to ensure a consistent, standardized response to such allegations across the Department. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The policy required by this section shall provide for the following: (1) Any report or other allegation of juve-nile-on-juvenile abuse on a military installa-tion that is received by the installation com-mander, a law enforcement organization, a Family Advocacy Program, a chid develop-ment center, or a Department school oper-ating on the installation or otherwise under Department administration for the installa-tion shall be reviewed by the Family Advo-cacy Program of the installation. (2) Personnel of Family Advocacy Pro-grams conducting reviews shall have appro-priate training and experience in working with juveniles. (3) Family Advocacy Programs conducting reviews shall conduct a multi-faceted, multi- disciplinary review and recommend treat-ment, counseling, or other appropriate inter-ventions for complainants and respondents. (4) Each review shall be conducted— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3098 June 6, 2018 
(A) with full involvement of appropriate authorities and entities, including parents or legal guardians of the juveniles involved (if practicable); and (B) to the extent practicable, in a manner that protects the sensitive nature of the in-cident concerned, using language appro-priate to the treatment of juveniles in writ-ten policies and communication with fami-lies. (5) The requirement for investigation of a report or other allegation shall not be deemed to terminate or alter any otherwise applicable requirement to report or forward the report or allegation to appropriate Fed-eral, State, or local authorities as possible criminal activity. (6) There shall be established and main-tained a centralized database of information on each incident of abuse that is reviewed by a Family Advocacy Program under this sec-tion, with— (A) the information in such database kept strictly confidential; and (B) because the information involves al-leged conduct by juveniles, additional spe-cial precautions taken to ensure the infor-mation is available only to persons who re-quire access to the information. (7) There shall be entered into the data-base, for each substantiated or unsubstan-tiated incident of abuse, appropriate infor-mation on the incident, including— (A) a description of the allegation; (B) whether or not the review is completed; (C) whether or not the incident was subject to an investigation by a law enforcement or-ganization or entity, and the status and re-sults of such investigation; and (D) whether or not action was taken in re-sponse to the incident, and the nature of the action, if any, so taken. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports 
SEC. 1041. REPORT ON HIGHEST-PRIORITY ROLES AND MISSIONS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the National Defense Strategy correctly characterizes the leading strategic chal-lenges facing the United States as the re-emergence of great power competition, the erosion of the United States military techno-logical advantage, enduring violent extre-mism and instability in the broader Middle East and Africa, and continued uncertainty in the United States about the availability of sufficient resources for national defense; (2) the National Defense Strategy correctly prioritizes the development of a more lethal joint force that is ready to deter and, if nec-essary, defeat aggression by great power competitors with advanced military capa-bilities, while conducting counterterrorism operations in a more sustainable manner, to-gether with allies and partners; (3) the National Defense Strategy, and the implications of the Strategy for the size, structure, shape, roles, missions, and em-ployment of the joint force, was not com-pleted in time to inform fully the budget of the President for national defense for fiscal year 2019; (4) many Department of Defense programs of record are upgraded replacements of leg-acy systems that were not premised on the assumption that future conflict could occur in highly-contested environments against militarily advanced near-peer rivals; (5) considerable growth in the size of the military will not be possible without growth in the budget, because the current future- years defense program assumes that defense spending after fiscal year 2019 will only in-crease at the rate of inflation, while costs for two of the largest drivers of costs for the De-partment, namely military personnel and op-eration and maintenance, continue to grow faster than the rate of inflation; (6) the Senate strongly supports the pur-suit by the Department of budgetary savings through internal reform and efficiencies, but notes that previous attempts to generate ad-ditional resources through such mechanisms did not generate resources as planned; (7) increased force modernization invest-ments must be based on a rigorous reassess-ment of whether current programs will meet present and future warfighting requirements against near-peer rivals that are making rapid military technological advancements; (8) the Department must conduct further analytical work in order— (A) to facilitate the implementation of the National Defense Strategy, as recommended by the Commission on the National Defense Strategy; and (B) to provide Congress with a more rig-orous understanding of, and justification for, future requests for resources to organize, train and equip, and employ the Armed Forces; and (9) the Senate encourages the Secretary of Defense to refine the National Defense Strat-egy into more specific operational tasks and force planning scenarios that the joint force must be ready and able to perform in order to facilitate a better understanding of joint force development priorities and the roles and missions of each Armed Force. (b) REPORT ON ROLES AND MISSIONS .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report setting forth a re-evaluation of the highest priority missions of the Depart-ment of Defense, and of the roles of the Armed Forces in the performance of such missions. (2) G
OALS .—The goals of the re-evaluation required for purposes of the report shall be as follows: (A) To support implementation of the Na-tional Defense Strategy. (B) To optimize the effectiveness of the joint force. (C) To inform the preparation of future de-fense program and budget requests by the Secretary, and the consideration of such re-quests by Congress. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (b) shall include the following: (1) A detailed description of the pacing threats for each Armed Force, and for special operations forces, and an assessment of the manner in which such pacing threats deter-mine the primary role of each Armed Force, and special operations forces, including the connection between key operational tasks required by contingency plans. (2) A specific requirement for the size and composition of each Armed Force, including the following: (A) The required total end strength and force structure by type for the Army. (B) The required fleet size of the Navy, identified by class of ships and the cor-responding total end strength requirement once that fleet size is achieved. (C) The required number of operational Air Force squadrons, identified by function and the corresponding total end strength require-ment once that number of squadrons is achieved. (D) The required total end strength and force structure by type for the Marine Corps. (E) The force sizing construct used to de-termine the end strength requirements cov-ered by subparagraphs (A) through (D), the year-by-year plan for achieving such require-ments, relevant force posture assumptions, and the associated military personnel costs of such plan. (3) A re-evaluation of the roles of the Armed Forces in performing low-intensity missions, such as counterterrorism and secu-rity force assistance, including the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment whether the joint force would benefit from having one Armed Force dedicated primarily to low-intensity mis-sions, thereby enabling the other Armed Forces to focus more exclusively on ad-vanced peer competitors. (B) A detailed description of, and accom-panying justification for, the total amount of forces required to perform the security force assistance mission and the planned ge-ographic employment of such forces. (C) A revalidation of the Army plan to con-struct six Security Force Assistant Brigades, and an assessment of the impact, if any, of such plan on the capability of the Army to perform its primary roles under the National Defense Strategy. (D) An assessment whether the security force assistance mission would be better per-formed by the Marine Corps, and an assess-ment of the end strength and force composi-tion changes, if any, required for the Marine Corps to assume such mission. (4) A reassessment of the roles and mis-sions of the total ground forces, both Army and Marine Corps, to execute the National Defense Strategy, including the following: (A) A detailed description of the allocation of roles for the Army and Marine Corps in deterring and waging war against advanced peer competitors that can complement the activities and investments of each such Armed Force and optimize the capabilities of each such Armed Force. (B) A detailed description of the appro-priate balance and mix of Army force struc-ture, including light infantry, mechanized infantry, armor, air defense, fires, engineers, aviation, signals, and logistics, that is re-quired to perform the roles and missions of the Army against its pacing threats. (C) A detailed description of the modern-ized capabilities and concepts to be devel-oped by the Army to contribute to joint force operations against advanced peer com-petitors, including the manner in which Army aviation will evolve in light of un-manned aerial vehicle technology. (D) A revalidation of the requirement for ground force modernization efforts, includ-ing the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, Future Vertical Lift, and Mobile Protected Fires, that are not optimized for conflict between the United States and advanced peer com-petitors. (E) A detailed description of requirements for Army forces needed to support theater operations. (5) An assessment, based on operational plans, of the ability of power projection plat-forms to survive and effectively perform the highest priority operational missions de-scribed in the National Defense Strategy, in-cluding the following: (A) An assessment of the feasibility of the current plans and investments by the Navy and Marine Corps to operate and defend their sea bases in contested environments. (B) An assessment whether amphibious forced entry operations against advanced peer competitors should remain an enduring mission for the joint force considering the stressing operational nature and significant resource requirements of such mission. (C) An assessment whether a transition from large-deck amphibious ships to small aircraft carriers would result in a more le-thal and survivable Marine Corps sea base that could accommodate larger numbers of more diverse strike aircraft. (D) An assessment of the manner in which an acceleration of development and fielding of longer-range, unmanned, carrier-suitable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3099 June 6, 2018 
strike aircraft could better meet operational requirements and alter the requirement for shorter-range, manned tactical fighter air-craft. (E) An assessment of the manner in which the emerging technology to operate large numbers of low-cost, autonomous, attrib-utable systems in the air, on and under the sea, on land, and in space could change the manner in which the joint force projects power globally. (6) An assessment, based on operational plans, of the ability of manned, stealthy, penetrating strike platforms to survive and perform effectively the highest priority oper-ational missions described in the National Defense Strategy, including the following: (A) An assessment whether anticipated ad-vances in stealth technology and the em-ployment of such technology on existing or developmental systems, such as the F–35 and B–21 aircraft, can be expected to outpace and overmatch adversary capabilities to detect and target such systems. (B) An assessment of the ability of fourth generation aircraft with advanced sensors and weapons to perform certain missions equally or more effectively than the mis-sions assigned to, or envisioned for, fifth- generation penetrating strike platforms. (C) An assessment of the manner in which the emerging technology to operate large numbers of low-cost, autonomous, attrib-utable systems in the air, on and under the sea, on land, and in space could obviate or reduce the requirement for penetrating strike platforms. (7) A re-evaluation of the most effective and efficient means for the joint force to per-form the air superiority mission in both con-tested and uncontested environments, in-cluding the following: (A) An assessment of the ability to achieve air superiority from other domains, includ-ing with land-based systems, naval systems, undersea systems, space-based systems, elec-tronic warfare systems, or cyber capabilities. (B) A validation of the envisioned oper-ational and cost effectiveness of the Pene-trating Counter-Air platform, and of the re-quirement for developing this system as part of the Air Force Next Generation Air Domi-nance program. (C) A detailed description of the optimal mix across the joint force of fourth-genera-tion and fifth-generation fighter aircraft, bomber aircraft, and Next Generation Air Dominance systems to fulfill operational de-mands for air superiority. (D) A detailed description of the manner in which the joint force will perform the mis-sion of light aerial attack in uncontested en-vironments to support counterterrorism and security force assistance missions, and the mission of countering violent extremism op-erations, at the lowest cost to the readiness of advanced, multirole combat aircraft. (E) A determination of what Armed Force, in addition to the Air Force, should have a role in the mission of light air attack in uncontested environments. (8) A reevaluation of the roles and missions of the joint special operations enterprise, in-cluding the following: (A) A detailed assessment whether the joint special operations enterprise is cur-rently performing too many missions world-wide, and whether any such missions could be performed adequately and more economi-cally by conventional units. (B) A detailed assessment whether the global allocation of special operations forces, and especially the most capable units, is aligned to the pacing threats and priority missions of the National Defense Strategy. (C) A detailed description of the changes required to align the joint special operations enterprise more effectively with the Na-tional Defense Strategy. (9) An assessment of the manner in which increased use of the space domain should re-vise or reallocate the requirements of the joint force, including the following: (A) A detailed description of the missions, including joint moving target indication, air battle management, and missile and aircraft tracking and targeting, that could be per-formed more effectively from space-based platforms due to emerging technology and operational requirements. (B) An assessment of the manner in which the joint force can take advantage of the de-velopment and deployment of disaggregated commercial satellite Internet constellations to replace legacy tactical communications networks and devices and achieve multi-do-main command and control more effectively and at lower cost. (C) An assessment of the manner in which to ensure that the joint force has access to technologies that deliver superior offensive space capabilities and a maneuver advantage to and within the space domain, including reusable launch systems and spacecraft, on- orbit refueling and manufacturing, on-orbit power generation, and exploitation of space minerals and propellants. (D) A detailed description of the actions to be taken by components of the Department to promote and protect the development of a licit space economy, including the following: (i) Defense of commercial activities, facili-ties, and claims. (ii) Safety of navigation. (iii) Rescue and recovery. (iv) Construction and maintenance of pub-lic works in Cis-Lunar Space. (v) Active debris remediation. (vi) Establishment of an on-orbit national strategic reserve of space minerals and pro-pellants. (10) A reassessment of the manner in which the joint force will perform the mission of logistics in contested environments, includ-ing the following: (A) A revalidation of the requirement for the KC–46 tanker aircraft, including an as-sessment of the aerial refueling require-ments in contested environments and a greater reliance on distributed systems of systems. (B) A detailed assessment whether the mis-sion of logistics in contested environments could be better performed by larger numbers of lower-cost, autonomous systems capable of dispersed operations on land, at sea, and in the air. (C) A detailed assessment whether greater forward stationing of joint force capabilities and personnel would be more operationally effective in performing the contact and blunt missions of the National Defense Strategy. (d) F
ORM.—The report required in sub-section (b) shall be submitted in classified form, and shall include an unclassified sum-mary. 
SEC. 1042. ANNUAL REPORTS BY THE ARMED FORCES ON OUT-YEAR UNCON-STRAINED TOTAL MUNITIONS RE-QUIREMENTS AND OUT-YEAR INVEN-TORY NUMBERS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing after section 222a the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 222b. Armed forces: Out-Year Uncon-strained Total Munitions Requirements; Out-Year inventory numbers ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—At the same time each year that the budget for the fiscal year beginning in such year is submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, the chief of staff of each armed force (other than the Coast Guard) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth for such armed force each of the following for such fiscal year, broken out as specified in subsection (b): ‘‘(1) The Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement. ‘‘(2) The Out-Year inventory numbers. ‘‘(b) PRESENTATION .—The Out-Year Uncon-strained Total Munitions Requirement and Out-Year inventory numbers for an armed force for a fiscal year pursuant to subsection (a) shall include specific inventory objective requirements for each variant of munitions with respect to each of the following: ‘‘(1) Combat Requirement, broken out by operation plan (OPLAN). ‘‘(2) Current Operation/Forward Presence Requirement. ‘‘(3) Strategic Readiness Requirement. ‘‘(4) Homeland Defense. ‘‘(5) Training and Testing Requirement. ‘‘(6) Total Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement, calculated in ac-cordance with the implementation guidance described in subsection (c). ‘‘(7) Out-year worldwide inventory. ‘‘(c) I
MPLEMENTATION GUIDANCE USED.—In submitting information pursuant to sub-section (a) for a fiscal year, the chief of staff of each armed force shall describe and ex-plain the munitions requirements process implementation guidance developed by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and used by such armed force for the munitions requirements process for such armed force for that fiscal year. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘chief of staff’, with respect to the Marine Corps, means the Commandant of the Marine Corps. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement’ has the mean-ing given that term in and for purposes of Department of Defense Instruction 3000.04, or any successor instruction.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 222a the following new item: ‘‘222b. Armed forces: Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirements; Out-Year inventory numbers.’’. 
SEC. 1043. COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF OPER-ATIONAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE CHAINS-OF-COMMAND AND FUNC-TIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy shall conduct a comprehensive review of the operational and administrative chains-of-command and functions of the De-partment of the Navy. (b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the review required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider options to do each of the fol-lowing: (1) Increase visibility of unit-level readi-ness at senior levels. (2) Reduce so-called ‘‘double-hatting’’ and ‘‘triple-hatting’’ commanders. (3) Clarify organizations responsible and accountable for training and certification at the unit, group, and fleet level. (4) Simplify reporting requirements appli-cable to commanding officers. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the re-sults of the review required by subsection (a). The report shall include the following: (A) The results of the review, including any findings of the Secretary as a result of the review. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3100 June 6, 2018 
(B) Any organizational changes in oper-ational or administrative chains-of-com-mand or functions of the Department under-taken or to be undertaken by the Secretary in light of the review. (C) Any recommendations for legislative or administration action with respect to the operational or administrative chains-of-com-mand or functions of the Department as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the review. (2) F
ORM.—The report under this sub-section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1044. MILITARY AVIATION READINESS RE-VIEW IN SUPPORT OF THE NA-TIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on military aviation readiness in sup-port of the National Defense Strategy (NDS). (b) R
EVIEW FOR REPORT PURPOSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The report under sub-section (a) shall be based on a review con-ducted for purposes of the report in accord-ance with this section. (2) P
ANEL .—The review shall be conducted by a panel consisting of the following: (A) The Commander of the Air Combat Command, who shall head the panel. (B) The Commander of the Army Aviation Branch. (C) The Chief of Naval Air Forces. (D) The Deputy Commandant of the Marine Corps for Aviation. (E) Such other personnel of the Depart-ment of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) R
EVIEW ELEMENTS .—The review re-quired by subsection (b) shall address the fol-lowing: (1) An analysis of the career progression of military pilots and non-pilot aviators, in-cluding a comparison between military pilot and non-pilot aviators, on the one hand, and other military specialities, on the other hand, with respect to each of the following: (A) Tours of duty. (B) Assignment lengths. (C) Minimum service commitments. (D) Professional performance evaluation systems. (E) Statutory and administrative pro-motion processes. (2) An analysis of aircrew aviation training for various aircraft platforms, including— (A) an historical analysis, covering the past 15 years, of first and second assignment total flight hours and model-specific flight hours for military pilots and non-pilot avi-ators; and (B) an analysis of the flight hour program in order to determine the appropriate level of required monthly flight hours and sorties to maintain currency (minimum safe level) and proficiency (minimum level to be tactically competent). (3) An analysis of the effect of recent oper-ational deployments on the ability of mili-tary pilots and non-pilot aviators to build and maintain readiness for potential threats from a near-peer adversary, including— (A) a comparison of rates of simulator usage for military pilots and non-pilot avi-ators within and not within the pre-deploy-ment training window; and (B) an assessment of the suitability of training curriculum to address high-end combat operations against a near-peer adver-sary. (4) An analysis of aviation squadron size and composition, including— (A) individual unit-level aircraft alloca-tion; (B) aviation platform-specific force struc-ture; and (C) quantity of squadrons within each avia-tion platform. (5) An analysis of aviation squadron man-ning documents on appropriate levels and composition of military pilots, non-pilot avi-ators, and non-aircrew for each squadron in support of the most current National De-fense Strategy, including a consideration of— (A) appropriate levels and composition of military pilots, non-pilot aviators, and non- aircrew for each squadron in support of such National Defense Strategy; (B) flight-related workload compared with non-flight related workload for military pi-lots and non-pilot aviators; (C) the number of different aircraft plat-forms to which enlisted maintenance per-sonnel are expected to be assigned through-out a typical career; and (D) career training milestones for enlisted maintenance personnel, and the effects of such milestones on military aviation readi-ness. (6) An analysis of logistics programs in support of military aviation readiness, in-cluding— (A) an evaluation of any shortfalls in logis-tics programs that serve as contributing fac-tors to both military pilot retention and overall readiness of military aviation units; (B) an analysis of aircraft parts cannibal-ization rates; (C) a determination of average mission ca-pable ratings for aircraft throughout the various stages of the deployment cycle; (D) an analysis of rates of reassignment of aircraft from non-deploying units to deploy-ing units; and (E) an identification of individual aircraft communities, if any, with strained supply chains with single-source suppliers. 
SEC. 1045. REPORT ON CAPABILITIES AND CA-PACITIES OF ARMORED BRIGADE COMBAT TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the capabilities and capacities of Ar-mored Brigade Combat Teams (ABCTs). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the total number of Ar-mored Brigade Combat Teams required to support the National Defense Strategy (NDS). (2) A description of the manner in which the Army plans to equip and field future Ar-mored Brigade Combat Teams. (3) A description of the total number of mechanized infantry companies required in support of the Armored Brigade Combat Teams. (4) A description of steps being taken to improve the number and quality of live-fire gunnery exercises executed each year, in-cluding improving execution of battalion and brigade-level combined arms live-fire exer-cises both at home station and at the Com-bat Training Centers. (5) A description of training being con-ducted to train Armored Brigade Combat Teams in combined arms for air defense and to counter unmanned aerial vehicles with or-ganic weapons and tactics. (6) A plan to improve personnel prepared-ness by the reduction of non-deployable sol-diers and improvements in combat vehicle crew stability and material readiness of key combat systems. (7) A description of deficiencies in repair parts and number of qualified mechanics, and a plan to correct such deficiencies. (8) A plan for the modernization of the Ar-mored Brigade Combat Teams. SEC. 1046. IMPROVEMENT OF ANNUAL REPORT ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES IN CON-NECTION WITH UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION AND EXPANSION OF ELE-
MENTS .—Subsection (b) of section 1057 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing each specific mission, strike, engage-ment, raid, or incident,’’ after ‘‘military op-erations’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(E), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, in-cluding a differentiation between those killed and those injured’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and, when appropriate, makes ex gratia payments to the victims or their families’’; (4) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) Any update or modification to any re-port under this section during a previous year.’’. (b) S
COPE OF UNCLASSIFIED FORM OF RE-
PORT .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The unclassified form of each report shall, at a minimum, be responsive to each element under subsection (b) of a report under subsection (a), and shall be made available to the public at the same time it is submitted to Congress (unless the Secretary certifies in writing that the publication of such information poses a threat to the na-tional security interests of the United States).’’. 
SEC. 1047. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE PARTICIPATION IN EXPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS LI-CENSE APPLICATION REVIEW PROC-ESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the date that is three years after such date of enactment, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the participation by the De-partment of Defense in the process for re-viewing applications for export licenses under the Export Administration Regula-tions as a reviewing agency under Executive Order 12981 (50 U.S.C. 4603 note; relating to administration of export controls). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) The number of applications for export licenses under the Export Administration Regulations reviewed by the Department of Defense in the 180-day period preceding the submission of the report. (2) The number of instances during that 180-day period in which the Department dis-agreed with a final determination made with respect to such an application under the re-view procedures set forth in Executive Order 12981. (3) A summary of such instances, includ-ing— (A) a summary of the applicants for such licenses and the recipients of items pursuant to such licenses in such instances; (B) a description of sensitive technologies involved in such instances; and (C) a description of the rationale of the De-partment for disagreeing with such deter-minations. (4) The number of such applications under review by the Department or undergoing interagency dispute resolution as of the date of the submission of the report. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3101 June 6, 2018 
(d) E XPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Export Administration Regulations’’ means sub-chapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 1048. AUTOMATIC SUNSET FOR FUTURE STATUTORY REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 23 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 480 the following new section: ‘‘§ 480a. Reports to Congress: termination of indefinite-duration reports after three years ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any provision of law en-acted on or after the date of enactment of this section that includes an indefinite-dura-tion report requirement shall cease to be ef-fective, with respect to that requirement, three years after the date of the enactment of that provision of law unless that provision of law expressly states that this section is inapplicable to that requirement or that pro-vision of law. ‘‘(b) I
NDEFINITE -DURATION REPORT REQUIRE -
MENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘in-definite-duration requirement’ means a re-quirement in any provision of law for the Secretary of Defense (or any other officer or employee of the Department of Defense) to submit to Congress (or any committee of Congress) a periodic report for which the law does not— ‘‘(1) state a specific period of time as the period during which that report is required to be submitted or that provision of law is in effect; or ‘‘(2) state a specific termination date for the requirement to submit the report or for that provision of law. ‘‘(c) P
ERIODIC REPORT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘periodic report’ means a report required to be submitted on an an-nual, semiannual, or other regular periodic basis.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 23 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 480 the following new item: ‘‘480a. Reports to Congress: termination of indefinite-duration reports after three years.’’. 
SEC. 1049. REPEAL OF CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS THAT OTHERWISE TERMI-NATE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as fol-lows: (1)(A) Section 229, relating to the display of budget information for programs for com-bating terrorism, is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 is amended by striking the item relating to section 229. (2)(A) Section 231a, relating to budgeting for life-cycle costs of aircraft for the Navy, Army, and Air Force, is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 is amended by striking the item relating to section 231a. (3) Section 2276, relating to commercial space launch cooperation, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. (4) Section 7310, relating to report on re-pair of certain vessels in foreign shipyards, is amended by striking subsection (c). (b) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2007.—Section 1017 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2379), relating to obtaining carriage by vessel, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (c) NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2008.—Section 1034(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 272 note), relating to distribution of chemical and biological agents to non-Federal entities, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (d) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2009.—Section 1047(d) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (10 U.S.C. 2366b note), relating to reports on bandwidth re-quirements for major defense acquisition programs, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by striking ‘‘(d) F
ORMAL REVIEW PROC-
ESS FOR BANDWIDTH REQUIREMENTS .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) F
ORMAL REVIEW PROCESS FOR BAND-
WIDTH REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary’’; and (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and indenting appropriately. (e) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2011.—Section 1217 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (22 U.S.C. 7513 note), relating to authority to establish a program to develop and carry out infrastructure projects in Afghanistan, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (i); and (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-section (i). (f) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015.—Section 1026 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 127 Stat. 3490), relating to availability of funds for re-tirement of inactivation of Ticonderoga class cruisers or dock landing ships, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (g) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1061 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking para-graphs (14), (16), (41), and (59); (2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (3); (3) in subsection (g), by striking paragraph (3); and (4) in subsection (i), by striking paragraphs (15), (18), and (24). 
SEC. 1050. REPORT ON POTENTIAL IMPROVE-MENTS TO CERTAIN MILITARY EDU-CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the results of a review and assessment, obtained by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the potential effects on the military education provided by the educational institutions of the Depart-ment of Defense specified in subsection (b) of the actions described in subsection (c). (2) C
ONDUCTING ORGANIZATION .—The review and assessment required for purposes of the report shall be performed by an organization selected by the Secretary from among orga-nizations independent of the Department that have expertise in the analysis of mat-ters in connection with higher education. (b) E
DUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—The educational in-stitutions of the Department of Defense specified in this subsection are the following: (1) The senior level service schools and in-termediate level service schools (as such terms are defined in section 2151(b) of title 10, United States Code). (2) The Air Force Institute of Technology. (3) The National Defense University. (4) The Joint Special Operations Univer-sity. (5) The Army Armament Graduate School. (6) Any other military educational institu-tion of the Department specified by the Sec-retary for purposes of this section. (c) ACTIONS .—The actions described in this subsection with respect to the educational institutions of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) are the following: (1) Modification of admission and gradua-tion requirements. (2) Reduction or expansion of degree-grant-ing authority. (3) Reduction or expansion of the accept-ance of research grants. (4) Reduction of the number of attending students generally. (5) Reduction of the number of attending students through the sponsoring of edu-cation of an increased number of students at non-Department of Defense education insti-tutions of higher education. (6) Increase in the frequency of curriculum changes to account for emerging subject matters of importance to national defense. (7) Modification of civilian faculty man-agement practices, including employment practices. (d) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENTS .—In addition to the matters described in subsection (a), the review and report under this section shall also include the following: (1) A comparison of admission standards and graduation requirements of the edu-cational institutions of the Department of Defense specified in subsection (b) with ad-mission standards and graduation require-ments of public and private institutions of higher education that are comparable to the educational institutions of the Department of Defense. (2) A comparison of the goals and missions of the educational institutions of the Depart-ment of Defense specified in subsection (b) with the goals and missions of such public and private institutions of higher education. (3) Any other matters the Secretary con-siders appropriate for purposes of this sec-tion. 
SEC. 1051. RECRUITING COSTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the re-sults of a study, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the briefing, on the costs of the Armed Forces in recruiting for members of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the recruiting costs of each Armed Force in each of fiscal years 2010 through 2019. (2) An estimate of the recruiting costs of each Armed Force in each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024. (3) A description of the factors that con-tributed significantly to the recruiting costs of the Armed Forces during fiscal years 2010 through 2019. (4) Any other matters in connection with the recruiting costs of the Armed Forces that the Secretary considers appropriate. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1061. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS FOR BIEN HOA DIOXIN CLEANUP. 
(a) T RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Notwith- standing section 2215 of title 10, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3102 June 6, 2018 
States Code, the Secretary of Defense may transfer to the Secretary of State, for use by the United States Agency for International Development, amounts to be used for the Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup in Vietnam. (b) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS .—Not more than $15,000,000 may be transferred in each of fiscal years 2019 through 2027 under the au-thority in subsection (a). (c) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The Secretary of Defense may transfer funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide’’ under the authority in subsection (a) . (d) A
DDITIONAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—The transfer authority provided under subsection (a) is in addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of De-fense. 
SEC. 1062. IMPROVEMENT OF DATABASE ON EMERGENCY RESPONSE CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2436; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary’’ the following: ‘‘(a) D
ATABASE REQUIRED .—’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated by para-graph (1)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘each States’s National Guard, as reported by the States’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the National Guard of each State and Territory, as reported by the States and Ter-ritories’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and Territories’’ after ‘‘their home States’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) Cyber capabilities of the National Guard identified by the Department as crit-ical for response to domestic natural or man-made disasters. ‘‘(4) Cyber capabilities of the other reserve components of the Armed Forces identified by the Department as critical for response to domestic natural or manmade disasters.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TOKEEPDATA-
BASE CURRENT .—In maintaining the database required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall identify and revise the information re-quired to be included in the database at least once every two years for purposes of keeping the database current.’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF DATABASE .— (1) D
EADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish the database required by section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007, as amended by sub-section (a), by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) U
SE OF EXISTING DATABASE OR SYSTEM  
FOR CERTAIN CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary may meet the requirement with respect to the capabilities described in subsection (a)(1) of section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007, as so amended, in connection with the database required by that section through use or modification of a current database or tracking system of the Department of De-fense if the Secretary determines that such action will— (A) expedite compliance with the require-ment; and (B) achieve such compliance at a cost not greater than the cost of establishing anew the database otherwise covered by the re-quirement. SEC. 1063. ACCEPTANCE AND DISTRIBUTION BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF AS-SISTANCE FROM CERTAIN NON-PROFIT ENTITIES IN SUPPORT OF MISSIONS OF DEPLOYED UNITED STATES PERSONNEL AROUND THE WORLD. 
(a) F INDING .—The Senate finds that Spirit of America, a privately-funded, nonpartisan, nonprofit organization, acting in partnership with the Department of Defense, has made an important contribution in supporting the missions of deployed United States personnel around the world. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that United States military com-manders should, consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance developed consistent with section 1088 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), collaborate with and provide transportation and other logistical support to covered non-Federal en-tities, including Spirit of America, to ad-vance the military missions of the Armed Forces. (c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF COVERED NON-FEDERAL  E
NTITY ASSISTANCE ABROAD THROUGH DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE AND COORDINATION OF AS -
SISTANCE .—The Department of Defense (in-cluding members of the Armed Forces) may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Defense and in accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary and developed in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development— (A) accept from any covered non-Federal entity humanitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance funded by private funds in the carrying out of the purposes of such entity; and (B) respond to requests from covered non- Federal entities for the identification of the needs of local populations abroad for assist-ance, and coordinate with such entitites in the provision and distribution of such assist-ance, in the carrying out of such purposes. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL  
POPULATIONS .—In accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense, and de-veloped in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, members of the Armed Forces abroad may provide to local populations abroad hu-manitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance provided to the Department by a covered non-Federal entity pursuant to this subsection. (3) S
COPE OF GUIDANCE .—The guidance issued pursuant to this subsection shall en-sure that any assistance distributed pursu-ant to this subsection shall be for purposes of supporting the mission or missions of the Department and the Armed Forces for which such assistance is provided by a covered non- Federal entity. (4) D
OD SUPPORT FOR ENTITY ACTIVITIES .—In accordance with guidance issued by the Sec-retary of Defense, the Department, and the Armed Forces may— (A) provide transportation, lodging, stor-age, and other logistical support— (i) to personnel of a covered non-Federal entity (whether in the United States or abroad) who are carrying out the purposes of such entity; and (ii) in connection with the acceptance and distribution of assistance provided by a cov-ered non-Federal entity; and (B) use assets of the Department and the Armed Forces in the provision of support de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (d) C
OVERED NON-FEDERAL ENTITY DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered non-Federal entity’’ means the following: (1) Spirit of America, a privately-funded, nonpartisan, nonprofit organization de-scribed in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (2) Any other organization that— (A) is based in the United States; (B) has an independent board of directors and is subject to independent financial au-dits; (C) is substantially privately-funded; (D) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; and (E) provides international assistance. SEC. 1064. UNITED STATES POLICY WITH RE-SPECT TO FREEDOM OF NAVIGA-TION AND OVERFLIGHT. 
(a) D ECLARATION OF POLICY .—It is the pol-icy of the United States to fly, sail, and op-erate throughout the oceans, seas, and air-space of the world wherever international law allows. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF POLICY .—In fur- therance of the policy set forth in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense should— (1) plan and execute a robust series of rou-tine and regular air and naval presence mis-sions throughout the world and throughout the year, including for critical transpor-tation corridors and key routes for global commerce; (2) in addition to the missions executed pursuant to paragraph (1), execute routine and regular air and maritime freedom of navigation operations throughout the year, in accordance with international law, includ-ing the use of expanded military options and maneuvers beyond innocent passage; and (3) to the maximum extent practicable, execute the missions pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) with regional partner countries and allies of the United States. 
SEC. 1065. PROHIBITION OF FUNDS FOR CHINESE LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION PROVIDED BY A CONFUCIUS INSTITUTE. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 under this Act may be obligated or expended for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. (b) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 under this Act may be obligated or expended to support a Chinese language program at an institution of higher education that hosts a Confucius Institute. (c) W
AIVER .—The Under Secretary of De-fense for Personnel and Readiness may waive the limitation in subsection (b) with respect to a Chinese language program at a specific institution of higher education if the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Read-iness— (1) certifies to the congressional defense committees that— (A) Confucius Institute employees and in-structors will have no affiliation with the program; (B) Confucius Institute employees and in-structors will provide no instruction or sup-port to the program; (C) Confucius Institute employees and in-structors will have no authority or influence with regard to the curriculum and activities of the program; and (D) the institution has made publicly available all memoranda of understanding, contracts, and other agreements between the institution and the Confucius Institute, or between the institution and any agency of or organization affiliated with the government of the People’s Republic of China; or (2) certifies to the congressional defense committees that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3103 June 6, 2018 
(A) the requirements described in subpara-graphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1) have been met; and (B) the waiver of the limitation in sub-section (b) is necessary for national security, and there is no reasonable alternative to issuing the waiver. (d) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) C
HINESE LANGUAGE PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Chinese language program’’ means any De-partment of Defense program designed to provide or support Chinese language instruc-tion, including the National Security Edu-cation Program, the Language Flagship pro-gram, Project Global Officer, and the Lan-guage Training Centers program. (2) C
ONFUCIUS INSTITUTE .—The term ‘‘Con-fucius Institute’’ means a Confucius Insti-tute that is operated by the Office of Chinese Languages Council International, also known as Hanban, which is affiliated with the Ministry of Education of the People’s Re-public of China. (3) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Subtitle A—Department of Defense Matters 
SEC. 1101. INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE QUALIFICATIONS BY QUALIFICATION REVIEW BOARDS OF OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGE-MENT FOR INITIAL APPOINTMENTS TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE PO-SITIONS IN DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) T EMPORARY INAPPLICABILITY .—Notwith- standing section 3393(c) of title 5, United States Code, or any regulations imple-menting that section, and subject to the pro-visions of this section, the Secretary of De-fense may appoint individuals for service in the Senior Executive Service of the Depart-ment of Defense without such individuals being subject to the certification of execu-tive qualifications by a qualification review board of the Office of Personnel Management in connection with such appointment other-wise required by that section. (b) Q
UALIFICATIONS OF INDIVIDUALS AP-
POINTED .—The Secretary shall ensure that individuals appointed under this section pos-sess the necessary qualifications and experi-ence for the position to which appointed. (c) L
IMITATION .—The total number of ap-pointments made under this section in any year may not exceed 50 appointments. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the com-mittees of Congress and official specified in paragraph (3) a report on the number and type of appointments made under this sec-tion as of the date of the report, including— (A) a description of the qualifications of the individuals appointed; and (B) data on the time required to appoint the individuals. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the com-mittees of Congress and official specified in paragraph (3) a report on the use of the au-thority in this section. The report shall in-clude the following: (A) The number and type of appointments made under this section during the one-year period ending on the date of the report. (B) Data on and an assessment whether ap-pointments under the authority in this sec-tion reduced the time to hire when compared with the time to hire under the current re-view system of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. (C) An assessment of the utility of the ap-pointment authority and process under this section. (D) An assessment whether the appoint-ments made under this section resulted in higher quality new executives for the Senior Executive Service of the Department when compared with the executives produced under the current review system of the Of-fice of Personnel Management. (E) Any recommendation for the improve-ment of the selection and qualification proc-ess for the Senior Executive Service of the Department that the Secretary considers necessary in order to attract and hire highly qualified candidates for service in that Sen-ior Executive Service. (3) COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS AND OFFI -
CIAL.—The committees of Congress and offi-cial specified in this paragraph are— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and (C) the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. (e) S
UNSET .—Subsection (a) shall cease to be effective on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1102. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RE-INVENTION LABORATORIES AND MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILI-TIES BASE FACILITIES FOR RECENT SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEER-ING, AND MATHEMATICS GRAD-UATES OF MINORITY-SERVING INSTI-TUTIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOMAKE DIRECT APPOINT -
MENTS .—The director of any facility speci-fied in subsection (b) may appoint any quali-fied recent graduate of a covered educational institution with a degree in science, tech-nology, engineering, or mathematics to a po-sition at such facility described in sub-section (d) without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. (b) F
ACILITIES .—A facility specified in this subsection is any facility as follows: (1) A science and technology reinvention laboratory of the Department of Defense, as designated pursuant to section 1105(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note). (2) A facility of the Major Range and Test Facilities Base of the Department. (c) R
ECENT GRADUATES .—For purposes of this section, a person is a recent graduate of a covered educational institution if— (1) the person was awarded a degree by the institution not more than two years before the date of the appointment of the person pursuant to this section; or (2) in the case of any person who has com-pleted a period of obligated service in a uni-formed service of more than four years as of the date the appointment of the person pur-suant to this section, the person was award-ed a degree by the institution not more than four years before such date of appointment. (d) C
OVERED POSITIONS .—The positions to which persons may be appointed pursuant to this section at a facility specified in sub-section (b) are scientific and engineering po-sitions at the facility. (e) D
URATION OF APPOINTMENT .—Any ap- pointment pursuant to this section may be made on a temporary, term, or permanent basis, at the election of the director of the facility making such appointment. (f) C
OVERED EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered educational institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2362(e) of title 10, United States Code. (g) SUNSET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to make appointments under this section shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to terminate an ap-pointment made under this section before the expiration date provided in that para-graph in accordance with the terms of such appointment. 
SEC. 1103. INCLUSION OF STRATEGIC CAPABILI-TIES OFFICE AND DEFENSE INNOVA-TION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN PER-SONNEL MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY TO ATTRACT EXPERTS IN SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1599h of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) S
TRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE .—The Director of the Strategic Capabilities Office may carry out a program of personnel man-agement authority provided in subsection (b) in order to facilitate recruitment of eminent experts in science or engineering for the Of-fice. ‘‘(5) DIUx.—The Director of the Defense In-novation Unit Experimental may carry out a program of personnel management authority provided in subsection (b) in order to facili-tate recruitment of eminent experts in science or engineering for the Unit.’’. (b) S
COPE OF APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .— Subsection (b)(1) of such section is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) in the case of the Strategic Capabili-ties Office, appoint scientists and engineers to a total of not more than 5 scientific and engineering positions in the Office; and ‘‘(E) in the case of the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental, appoint scientists and engineers to a total of not more than 5 sci-entific and engineering positions in the Unit;’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF TERMS OF APPOINTMENT .— Subsection (c)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘or the Office of Operational Test and Evaluation’’ and inserting ‘‘the Of-fice of Operational Test and Evaluation, the Strategic Capabilities Office, or the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental’’. 
SEC. 1104. ENHANCEMENT OF FLEXIBLE MAN-AGEMENT AUTHORITIES FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RE-INVENTION LABORATORIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) E NHANCEMENT OF NONCOMPETITIVE CON-
VERSIONS OF APPOINTMENTS OF STUDENTS EN-
ROLLED IN SCIENTIFIC AND ENGINEERING PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 2358a(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
TO PERMANENT APPOINTMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘
OF APPOINTMENTS ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘to a permanent appoint-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘to another temporary appointment or to a term or permanent ap-pointment’’. (b) E
NHANCEMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM ON  D
YNAMIC SHAPING OF WORKFORCE TECHNICAL  S
KILLS AND EXPERTISE .—Section 1109(b)(1)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1028; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by striking ‘‘to appoint’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘to make appointments as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) Appointment of qualified scientific and technical personnel who are not current De-partment of Defense civilian employees into any scientific or technical position in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3104 June 6, 2018 
laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years. ‘‘(ii) Appointment of qualified scientific and technical personnel who are Department civilian employees in term appointments into any scientific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years.’’. 
SEC. 1105. INCLUSION OF OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE AMONG COMPONENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE COVERED BY DIRECT HIRE AUTHOR-ITY FOR FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT EXPERTS. 
Section 1110(f) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (9) as paragraphs (2) through (10), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) The Office of the Secretary of De-fense.’’. 
SEC. 1106. AUTHORITY TO EMPLOY CIVILIAN FAC-ULTY MEMBERS AT THE JOINT SPE-CIAL OPERATIONS UNIVERSITY. 
Section 1595(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The Joint Special Operations Univer-sity.’’. Subtitle B—Government-Wide Matters 
SEC. 1121. ALCOHOL TESTING OF CIVIL SERVICE MARINERS OF THE MILITARY SEA-LIFT COMMAND ASSIGNED TO VES-SELS. 
(a) A LCOHOL TESTING .—Chapter 643 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing after section 7479 the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 7479a. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: alcohol testing ‘‘The Secretary of the Navy may prescribe regulations establishing a program to con-duct on-duty reasonable suspicion alcohol testing and post-accident alcohol testing of civil service mariners of the Military Sealift Command who are assigned to vessels.’’. (b) R
ELEASE OF ALCOHOL TESTRESULTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7479 of such title is amended— (A) in the heading of subsection (a), by in-serting ‘‘
ORALCOHOL ’’ after ‘‘D RUG’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or alcohol’’ after ‘‘drug’’ each place it appears. (2) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 7479. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: release of drug and alco-hol test results to Coast Guard’’. (c) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 643 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7479 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘7479. Civil service mariners of Military Sea-lift Command: release of drug and alcohol test results to Coast Guard. ‘‘7479a. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: alcohol test-ing.’’. 
SEC. 1122. EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY FOR COLLEGE GRADUATES AND POST SECONDARY STUDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3115. Expedited hiring authority for col-lege graduates; competitive service ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. ‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(b) APPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may appoint, without regard to any provi-sion of sections 3309 through 3319 and 3330, a qualified individual to a position in the com-petitive service classified in a professional or administrative occupational category at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—An appointment under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT .— The head of an agency may make an appoint-ment under subsection (b) only if the indi-vidual being appointed— ‘‘(1) has received a baccalaureate or grad-uate degree from an institution of higher education; ‘‘(2) applies for the position— ‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date on which the individual being appointed re-ceived the degree described in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who has completed a period of not less than 4 years of obligated service in a uniformed service, not later than 2 years after the date of the dis-charge or release of the individual from that service; and ‘‘(3) meets each minimum qualification standard prescribed by the Director for the position to which the individual is being ap-pointed. ‘‘(d) P
UBLIC NOTICE AND ADVERTISING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency making an appointment under subsection (b) shall publicly advertise positions under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the head of an agency shall— ‘‘(A) adhere to merit system principles; ‘‘(B) advertise positions in a manner that provides for diverse and qualified applicants; and ‘‘(C) ensure potential applicants have ap-propriate information relevant to the posi-tions available. ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the total number of employees that the head of an agency may appoint under this section during a fiscal year may not exceed the number equal to 15 percent of the number of individuals that the agency head appointed during the previous fiscal year to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or administrative occupational category, at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below, under a com-petitive examining procedure. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Under a regulation pre-scribed under subsection (f), the Director may establish a lower limit on the number of individuals that may be appointed under paragraph (1) of this subsection during a fis-cal year based on any factor the Director considers appropriate. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall issue interim regulations, with an opportunity for comment, for the ad-ministration of this section. ‘‘(g) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this section, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit a report to— ‘‘(A) Congress that assesses the impact of the use of the authority provided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(B) the Director that contains data that the Director considers necessary for the Di-rector to assess the impact and effectiveness of the authority described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) CONTENT .—The head of an agency shall include in each report under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency under this section, as well as the number of such individuals who are— ‘‘(i) minorities or members of other under-represented groups; or ‘‘(ii) veterans; ‘‘(B) recruitment sources; ‘‘(C) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency during the applicable fiscal year to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or admin-istrative occupational category at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below; and ‘‘(D) any additional data specified by the Director. ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from exercising any authority to appoint a recent graduate under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any appli-cable successor statute. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Any regulations pre-scribed by the Director for the administra-tion of this section shall not apply to the De-partment of Defense during the period end-ing on the date on which the appointment authority of the Secretary of Defense under section 1106 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute, terminates. ‘‘§ 3116. Expedited hiring authority for post- secondary students; competitive service ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. ‘‘(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(3) S
TUDENT .—The term ‘student’ means an individual enrolled or accepted for enroll-ment in an institution of higher education who is pursuing a baccalaureate or graduate degree on at least a part-time basis as deter-mined by the institution of higher education. ‘‘(b) A
PPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency may make a time-limited appointment of a student, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319 and 3330, to a posi-tion in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below for which the student is qualified. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—An appointment under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(c) P
UBLIC NOTICE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency making an appointment under subsection (b) shall publicly advertise positions available under this section. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the head of an agency shall— ‘‘(A) adhere to merit system principles; ‘‘(B) advertise positions in a manner that provides for diverse and qualified applicants; and ‘‘(C) ensure potential applicants have ap-propriate information relevant to the posi-tions available. ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the total number of students that the head of an agency may appoint under this section during a fiscal year may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3105 June 6, 2018 
not exceed the number equal to 15 percent of the number of students that the agency head appointed during the previous fiscal year to a position in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Under a regulation pre-scribed under subsection (g), the Director may establish a lower limit on the number of students that may be appointed under para-graph (1) of this subsection during a fiscal year based on any factor the Director con-siders appropriate. ‘‘(e) C
ONVERSION .—The head of an agency may, without regard to any provision of chapter 33 or any other provision of law re-lating to the examination, certification, and appointment of individuals in the competi-tive service, convert a student serving in an appointment under subsection (b) to a per-manent appointment in the competitive service within the agency without further competition if the student— ‘‘(1) has completed the course of study leading to the baccalaureate or graduate de-gree; ‘‘(2) has completed not less than 640 hours of current continuous employment in an ap-pointment under subsection (b); and ‘‘(3) meets the qualification standards for the position to which the student will be converted. ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION .—The head of an agency shall, without regard to any provision of chapter 35 or 75, terminate the appointment of a student appointed under subsection (b) upon completion of the designated academic course of study unless the student is selected for conversion under subsection (e). ‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall issue interim regulations, with an opportunity for comment, for the ad-ministration of this section. ‘‘(h) R
EPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this section, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit a report to— ‘‘(A) Congress that assesses the impact of the use of the authority provided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(B) the Director that contains data that the Director considers necessary for the Di-rector to assess the impact and effectiveness of the authority described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT .—The head of an agency shall include in each report under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency under this section, as well as the number of such individuals who are— ‘‘(i) minorities or members of other under-represented groups; or ‘‘(ii) veterans; ‘‘(B) recruitment sources; ‘‘(C) the total number of individuals ap-pointed by the agency during the applicable fiscal year to a position in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below; and ‘‘(D) any additional data specified by the Director. ‘‘(i) S
PECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from exercising any authority to appoint a post- secondary student under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute. ‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Any regulations pre-scribed by the Director for the administra-tion of this section shall not apply to the De-partment of Defense during the period end-ing on the date on which the appointment authority of the Secretary of Defense under section 1106 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute, terminates.’’. (b) TABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3115. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates; competitive service. ‘‘3116. Expedited hiring authority for post- secondary students; competi-tive service.’’. 
SEC. 1123. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF VOLUNTARY SEPARATION INCEN-TIVE PAY AUTHORIZED FOR CIVIL-IAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3523 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,000 (as adjusted in accordance with subsection (c))’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c)(1) On March 1 each year, the dollar amount specified in subsection (b)(3)(B) shall be adjusted by the amount determined by the Secretary of Labor to represent the per-centage increase, if any, between the Con-sumer Price Index (all items; United States city average) published for December of the preceding year and that price index pub-lished for the December of the year before the preceding year. ‘‘(2) A percentage increase under paragraph (1) shall be adjusted to the nearest one-tenth of one percent, and an amount determined under paragraph (1) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000 (or, if midway be-tween multiples of $1,000, to the next higher multiple of $1,000).’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EMPLOYEES .— Section 9902(f)(5) of such title is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘an amount deter-mined by the Secretary, not to exceed $40,000 (as adjusted under subparagraph (D)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D)(i) On March 1 each year, the dollar amount specified in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be adjusted by the amount determined by the Secretary of Labor to represent the percentage increase, if any, between the Con-sumer Price Index (all items; United States city average) published for December of the preceding year and that price index pub-lished for the December of the year before the preceding year. ‘‘(ii) A percentage increase under clause (i) shall be adjusted to the nearest one-tenth of one percent, and an amount determined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the near-est multiple of $1,000 (or, if midway between multiples of $1,000, to the next higher mul-tiple of $1,000).’’. 
SEC. 1124. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO GRANT ALLOW-ANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFI-CIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and most re-cently amended by section 1108 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. SEC. 1125. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO WAIVE ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM PAY AND AGGREGATE LIMITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES WORKING OVERSEAS. 
Subsection (a) of section 1101 of the Dun-can Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amended by section 1105 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2019’’. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
SEC. 1201. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR USE OF ADVISORS AND TRAINERS FOR TRAINING OF PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN MINISTRIES WITH SECU-RITY MISSIONS UNDER DEFENSE IN-STITUTION CAPACITY BUILDING AU-THORITIES. 
Section 332(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘assign ci-vilian employees of the Department of De-fense and members of the armed forces as ad-visors and trainers’’ and inserting ‘‘provide advisors or trainers’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘assigned’’ each place it ap-pears (other than the last place) and insert-ing ‘‘provided’’; (B) by striking ‘‘assigned advisor or train-er’’ and inserting ‘‘advisor or trainer so pro-vided’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘each assignment’’ and in-serting ‘‘each provision of such an advisor or trainer’’. 
SEC. 1202. MODIFICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STATE PARTNERSHIP PRO-GRAM. 
Section 341(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘assistance’’ after ‘‘any’’. 
SEC. 1203. EXPANSION OF REGIONAL DEFENSE COMBATING TERRORISM FELLOW-SHIP PROGRAM TO INCLUDE IRREG-ULAR WARFARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 345 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsections (a) and (b): ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program under which the Secretary may pay any costs associated with the education and training of foreign mili-tary officers, ministry of defense officials, or security officials at military or civilian edu-cational institutions, regional centers, con-ferences, seminars, or other training pro-grams conducted for purposes of regional de-fense in connection with either of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Combating terrorism. ‘‘(B) Irregular warfare. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED COSTS .—Costs for which pay-ment may be made under this section in-clude the costs of transportation and travel and subsistence costs. ‘‘(3) D
ESIGNATION .—The program author-ized by this section shall be known as the ‘Regional Defense Combating Terrorism and Irregular Warfare Fellowship Program’. ‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The program authorized by subsection (a) shall be carried out under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The regulations shall en-sure that— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Defense and the Sec-retary of State— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3106 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(i) jointly develop and plan activities under the program that— ‘‘(I) advance United States security co-operation objectives; and ‘‘(II) support theater security cooperation planning of the combatant commands; and ‘‘(ii) coordinate on the implementation of activities under the program; ‘‘(B) each of the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State designates an indi-vidual at the lowest appropriate level of the Department of Defense or the Department of State, as applicable, who shall be responsible for program coordination; and ‘‘(C) to the extent practicable, activities under the program are appropriately coordi-nated with, and do not duplicate or conflict with, activities under International Military Education and Training (IMET) authorities. ‘‘(3) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Upon any update of the regulations, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a copy of the regulations as so updated, together with a description of the update.’’; and (3) in paragraph (3) of subsection (d), as re-designated by paragraph (1) of this sub-section, by striking ‘‘in the global war on terrorism’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 345. Regional Defense Combating Ter-rorism and Irregular Warfare Fellowship Program’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of sub-chapter V of chapter 16 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 345 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘345. Regional Defense Combating Terrorism and Irregular Warfare Fellow-ship Program.’’. 
SEC. 1204. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS OF CERTAIN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) E XPANSION OF AUTHORITY .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (a) of section 1226 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized to provide support on a reimbursement basis as follows: ‘‘(A) To the Government of Jordan for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Jordan to increase secu-rity and sustain increased security along the border of Jordan with Syria and Iraq. ‘‘(B) To the Government of Lebanon for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Lebanon to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Lebanon with Syria. ‘‘(C) To the Government of Egypt for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Egypt to increase secu-rity and sustain increased security along the border of Egypt with Libya. ‘‘(D) To the Government of Tunisia for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Tunisia to increase secu-rity and sustain increased security along the border of Tunisia with Libya. ‘‘(E) To the Government of Oman for pur-poses of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Oman to increase secu-rity and sustain increased security along the border of Oman with Yemen. ‘‘(F) To the Government of Pakistan for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Pakistan to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Pakistan with Afghanistan.’’. (b) CERTIFICATION .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) N
OTICE AND CERTIFICATION BEFORE EX-
ERCISE .—Not later than 15 days before pro-viding support under the authority of sub-section (a) to a country that has not pre-viously received such support, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report that— ‘‘(1) sets forth a full description of the sup-port to be provided, including— ‘‘(A) the purpose of such support; ‘‘(B) the amount of support to be provided; and ‘‘(C) the anticipated duration of the provi-sion of such support; and ‘‘(2) includes a certification that— ‘‘(A) the recipient country has taken de-monstrable steps to increase security along the border specified for such country in sub-section (a); and ‘‘(B) the provision of such support is in the interest of United States national security.’’. (c) L
IMITATION ON REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKI-
STAN .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON REIMBURSEMENT OF  P
AKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION .—No amount of reimbursement support under sub-section (a)(1)(F) is authorized to be disbursed to the Government of Pakistan unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that the following conditions are met: ‘‘(1) The military and security operations of Pakistan pertaining to border security and ancillary activities for which reimburse-ment is sought have been coordinated with United States military representatives in ad-vance of the execution of such operations and activities. ‘‘(2) The goals and desired outcomes of each such operation or activity have been es-tablished and agreed upon in advance by the United States and Pakistan. ‘‘(3) A process exists to verify the achieve-ment of the goals and desired outcomes es-tablished in accordance with paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) The Government of Pakistan is mak-ing an effort to actively coordinate with the Government of Afghanistan on issues relat-ing to border security on the Afghanistan- Pakistan border.’’. (d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Such section is further amended by inserting after sub-section (e), as so designated by subsection (c) of this section, the following new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report on reimbursements pursuant to subsection (a) during the preceding fiscal quarter that includes— ‘‘(1) an identification of each country reim-bursed; ‘‘(2) the date of each reimbursement; ‘‘(3) a description of any partner nation border security efforts for which reimburse-ment was provided; ‘‘(4) an assessment of the value of partner nation border security efforts for which re-imbursement was provided; ‘‘(5) the total amounts of reimbursement provided to each partner nation in the pre-ceding four fiscal quarters; and ‘‘(6) such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. (e) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of such sec-tion, as so redesignated, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2021’’. SEC. 1205. LEGAL AND POLICY REVIEW OF AD-VISE, ASSIST, AND ACCOMPANY MIS-SIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall, in coordination with the General Counsel of the Department of Defense and the commanders of appropriate combatant commands, submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on a review, con-ducted for purposes of the report, of the legal and policy frameworks associated with ad-vise, assist, and accompany missions by United States military personnel. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report and review re-quired by subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) An analysis of the risks and benefits of United States military personnel conducting advise, assist, and accompany missions with foreign partner forces, and an assessment of the relation of such risks and benefits to United States security objectives. (2) A review of execute orders in order to ensure that such orders comply with United States law for the employment of United States military personnel and capabilities to advise, assist, and accompany foreign part-ner forces. (3) An assessment whether the legal and policy frameworks applicable to advise, as-sist, and accompany missions by United States military personnel are adequately communicated to and understood at all lev-els of operational command. (4) An assessment whether approvals re-lated to advise, assist, and accompany mis-sions are taken at the appropriate level of command. (5) A definition, and policy guidance, for the appropriate use in execute orders of each of the following: (A) Advise (B) Assist. (C) Accompany. (D) Collective self defense. (E) Last point of cover and conceal. (6) Any other matters the Under Secretary considers appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1206. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RELATING TO DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERA-TION STATUTORY REORGANIZATION. 
(a) C HAPTER REFERENCES .—The following provisions of law are amended by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 13’’: (1) Section 886(a)(5) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 466(a)(5)). (2) Section 332(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1982(a)(1)). (3) Section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code. (4) Section 115(i)(6) of title 10, United States Code. (5) Section 12304(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code. (6) Section 484C(c)(3)(C)(v)) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)(3)(C)(v)). (b) S
ECTION REFERENCES .— (1) Title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (A) in section 386(c)(1), by striking ‘‘Sec-tions 311, 321, 331, 332, 333,’’ and inserting ‘‘Sections 246, 251, 252, 253, 321,’’; and (B) in section 10541(b)(9), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sec-tions 331, 332, 333,’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 251, 252, 253,’’. (2) Section 484C(c)(3)(C)(i) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)(3)(C)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 331, 332,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 251, 252,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3107 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 1207. NAVAL SMALL CRAFT INSTRUCTION AND TECHNICAL TRAINING SCHOOL. 
(a) S CHOOL AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter V of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 351. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense may operate an education and training facility known as the ‘Naval Small Craft In-struction and Technical Training School’ (in this section referred to as the ‘School’). ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF EXECUTIVE AGENT .— The Secretary of Defense shall designate the Secretary of a military department as the Department of Defense executive agent for carrying out the responsibilities of the Sec-retary of Defense under this section. ‘‘(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the School shall be to provide to the military and other security forces of one or more friendly for-eign countries education and training to in-crease professionalism, readiness, and re-spect for human rights through— ‘‘(1) formal courses of instruction; and ‘‘(2) mobile training teams for— ‘‘(A) the operation, employment, mainte-nance, and logistics of specialized equip-ment; ‘‘(B) participation in— ‘‘(i) joint exercises; or ‘‘(ii) coalition or international military op-erations; and ‘‘(C) improved interoperability between— ‘‘(i) the armed forces; and ‘‘(ii) the military and other security forces of the one or more friendly foreign countries. ‘‘(d) P
ERSONNEL ELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE EDU-
CATION AND TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not provide education or training at the School to any personnel of a country that is prohibited from receiving such education or training under any other provision of law. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION IN SELECTION .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall consult with the Sec-retary of State in the selection of foreign personnel to be provided education and training at the School. ‘‘(e) F
IXED COSTS.—The fixed costs of oper-ation and maintenance of the School in a fis-cal year may be paid from amounts made available for such fiscal year for operation and maintenance of the Department of De-fense. ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than March 15 each year, the Secretary of De-fense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a detailed report on the activities and operating costs of the School during the preceding fiscal year.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of chapter 16 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘351. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School.’’. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port that sets forth the following: (1) The budget requirements for the oper-ation and sustainment of the Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School authorized by section 351 of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), during the period of the future-years de-fense program submitted to Congress in fis-cal year 2019, including— (A) a description of the budget require-ments relating to the School for— (i) Major Force Program–2; and (ii) Major Force Program–11; and (B) an identification of any other source of funding for the School. (2) The anticipated requirements for facili-ties for the School. (3) An identification of the Secretary of a military department designated by the Sec-retary of Defense as executive agent for the School under subsection (b) of such section. (4) The anticipated military construction and facilities renovation requirements for the School during such period. (5) Any other matter relating to the School that the Secretary of Defense considers ap-propriate. (c) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in section 351 of title 10, United States Code (as so added), may be construed as authorizing the use of funds appropriated for the Department of De-fense for any purpose described in paragraph (2) unless specifically authorized by an Act of Congress other than that section or this Act. (2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes described in this paragraph are the following: (A) The operation of a facility other than the Naval Small Craft Instruction and Tech-nical Training School that is in operation as of the date of the enactment of this Act for the provision of education and training au-thorized to be provided by the School. (B) The construction or expansion of any facility of the School. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan 
SEC. 1211. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF PRIOR AUTHORITIES  
ANDNOTICE AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— Funds available to the Department of De-fense for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2019 shall be subject to the conditions contained in— (1) subsections (b) through (f) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as most recently amended by section 1521(d)(2)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2577); and (2) section 1521(d)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. (b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Section 1513(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2008 is amended by striking ‘‘secu-rity forces of Afghanistan’’ and inserting ‘‘security forces of the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of the Interior of the Gov-ernment of the Islamic Republic of Afghani-stan’’. (c) E
QUIPMENT DISPOSITION .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT .— Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may accept equipment that is pro-cured using amounts authorized to be appro-priated for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund by this Act and is intended for transfer to the security forces of Afghanistan, but is not accepted by such security forces. (2) C
ONDITIONS ON ACCEPTANCE OF EQUIP -
MENT .—Before accepting any equipment under the authority provided by paragraph (1), the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall make a determination that such equipment was procured for the purpose of meeting requirements of the secu-rity forces of Afghanistan, as agreed to by both the Government of Afghanistan and the Government of the United States, but is no longer required by such security forces or was damaged before transfer to such security forces. (3) E
LEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—In mak- ing a determination under paragraph (2) re-garding equipment, the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall consider alternatives to the acceptance of such equipment by the Secretary. An expla-nation of each determination, including the basis for the determination and the alter-natives considered, shall be included in the relevant quarterly report required under paragraph (5). (4) TREATMENT AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
STOCKS .—Equipment accepted under the au-thority provided by paragraph (1) may be treated as stocks of the Department of De-fense upon notification to the congressional defense committees of such treatment. (5) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS ON EQUIPMENT DIS -
POSITION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 90-day period thereafter during which the authority provided by paragraph (1) is exercised, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port describing the equipment accepted dur-ing the period covered by such report under the following: (i) This subsection. (ii) Section 1521(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2575). (iii) Section 1531(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1088). (iv) Section 1532(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3613). (v) Section 1531(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 938; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (B) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-paragraph (A) shall include a list of all equipment that was accepted during the pe-riod covered by such report and treated as stocks of the Department of Defense and cop-ies of the determinations made under para-graph (2), as required by paragraph (3). (d) S
ECURITY OF AFGHAN WOMEN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2019, it is the goal that $25,000,000, but in no event less than $10,000,000, shall be used for— (A) the recruitment, integration, reten-tion, training, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces; and (B) the recruitment, training, and con-tracting of female security personnel for fu-ture elections. (2) T
YPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— Such programs and activities may include— (A) efforts to recruit women into the Af-ghan National Defense and Security Forces, including the special operations forces; (B) programs and activities of the Afghan Ministry of Defense Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration and the Af-ghan Ministry of Interior Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights; (C) development and dissemination of gen-der and human rights educational and train-ing materials and programs within the Af-ghan Ministry of Defense and the Afghan Ministry of Interior; (D) efforts to address harassment and vio-lence against women within the Afghan Na-tional Defense and Security Forces; (E) improvements to infrastructure that address the requirements of women serving in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including appropriate equipment for female security and police forces, and trans-portation for policewomen to their station; (F) support for Afghanistan National Po-lice Family Response Units; and (G) security provisions for high-profile fe-male police and military officers. (e) A
SSESSMENT OF AFGHANISTAN PROGRESS  
ONSECURITY OBJECTIVES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3108 June 6, 2018 
(1) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than May 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate an assess-ment describing the progress of the Govern-ment of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan toward meeting shared security objectives. In conducting such assessment, the Sec-retary of Defense shall consider each of the following: (A) The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has taken steps toward in-creased accountability and reducing corrup-tion within the Ministries of Defense and In-terior. (B) The extent to which the capability and capacity of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces have improved as a result of Afghanistan Security Forces Fund invest-ment, including through training. (C) The extent to which the Afghan Na-tional Defense and Security Forces have been able to increase pressure on the Taliban, al-Qaeda, the Haqqani network, and other terrorist organizations, including by re-taking territory, defending territory, and disrupting attacks. (D) Whether or not the Government of Af-ghanistan is ensuring that supplies, equip-ment, and weaponry supplied by the United States are appropriately distributed to secu-rity forces charged with fighting the Taliban and other terrorist organizations. (E) The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has designated the appropriate staff, prioritized the development of relevant processes, and provided or requested the allo-cation of resources necessary to support a peace and reconciliation process in Afghani-stan. (F) Such other factors as the Secretaries consider appropriate. (2) W
ITHHOLDING OF ASSISTANCE FOR INSUF -
FICIENT PROGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of De-fense determines, in coordination with the Secretary of State, pursuant to the assess-ment under paragraph (1) that the Govern-ment of Afghanistan has made insufficient progress, the Secretary of Defense may with-hold assistance for the Afghan National De-fense and Security Forces until such time as the Secretary determines sufficient progress has been made. (B) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—If the Secretary of Defense withholds assistance under sub-paragraph (A), the Secretary shall, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of State, provide notice to Congress not later than 30 days after making the decision to withhold such assistance. 
SEC. 1212. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPER-ATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1212 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2019’’; and (2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) Pakistan for certain activities meant to enhance the security situation in the Af-ghanistan-Pakistan border region pursuant to section 1226 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note), as amended by the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.’’. (b) MODIFICATION TO LIMITATIONS .—Sub- section (d) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2019’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$900,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$350,000,000’’; and (B) by striking the second sentence; and (2) by striking paragraph (3). (c) R
EPEAL OF PROVISION RELATING TO RE-
IMBURSEMENT TO PAKISTAN FOR SECURITY EN-
HANCEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Such section is fur-ther amended— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsections (f) through (h) as subsections (e) through (g), respec-tively. (d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (e) of such section, as redesig-nated by subsection (c) of this section, is amended by striking the second sentence. 
SEC. 1213. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-FER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PRO-VIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as most recently amended by section 1211 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) E
XCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection (i)(2) of such section, as so amended, is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1214. MODIFICATION OF REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS FOR SPECIAL IMMI-GRANT VISAS FOR AFGHAN ALLIES PROGRAM. 
Section 602 of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (10); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (11) through (16) as paragraphs (10) through (15), respectively; (C) in paragraph (11)(A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’; (D) in paragraph (12), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (12)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (11)(B)’’; and (E) in paragraph (13), as so redesignated, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a report to the’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘a report to the appropriate committees of Congress’’; (2) by striking subsection (c); and (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c). Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran 
SEC. 1221. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-VIDE ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3558), as most recently amended by sec-tion 1222 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) FUNDING .—Subsection (g) of such sec-tion 1236, as most recently so amended, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘for the Department of De-fense for Overseas Contingency Operations for fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for the Department of Defense for Overseas Contin-gency Operations for fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$1,269,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$850,000,000’’. (c) L
IMITATION OF USE OF FISCAL YEAR2019 F
UNDS .—Of the amounts authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for activities under the authority in section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by this sec-tion, not more than $450,000,000 may be obli-gated or expended for such activities until the date on which the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees each of the following: (1) The report on the United States strat-egy in Iraq required by the joint explanatory statement of the committee of the con-ference accompanying Conference Report 115–404. (2) A report setting forth the following: (A) An explanation of the purpose of a con-tinuing United States military presence in Iraq, including— (i) an explanation of the national security objectives of the United States with respect to Iraq; (ii) a detailed description of— (I) the size of a continuing United States military presence in Iraq; and (II) the roles and missions associated with a continuing United States military presence in Iraq; and (iii) a delineation of the responsibilities in connection with a continuing United States military presence in Iraq of— (I) the Combined Joint Task Force Oper-ation Inherent Resolve (or a successor task force); (II) the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq; and (III) other United States embassy-based military personnel. (B) An identification of the specific units of the Iraqi Security Forces to receive train-ing and equipment or other support in fiscal year 2019. (C) A plan for ensuring that any vehicles and equipment provided to the Iraqi Security Forces pursuant to that authority are main-tained in subsequent fiscal years using funds of Iraq. (D) An estimate, by fiscal year, of the funding anticipated to be required for sup-port of the Iraqi Security Forces pursuant to that authority during the five fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2020. (E) A detailed plan for the obligation and expenditure of the funds requested for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for Operational Sustainment of the Iraqi Secu-rity Forces. (F) A plan for the transition to the Govern-ment of Iraq of responsibility for funding for Operational Sustainment of the Iraqi Secu-rity Forces for fiscal years after fiscal year 2019. (G) A description of any actions carried out under this paragraph. 
SEC. 1222. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSIST-ANCE TO THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPO-SITION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1209(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3559), as most recently amended by section 1221(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2485), is further amended by striking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3109 June 6, 2018 
‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2019’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS IN GEN-
ERAL .— (1) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for activities under the author-ity in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), until the later of the following: (A) The date on which the President sub-mits the report on United States strategy in Syria required by section 1221 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (B) The date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report described in paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (A) A detailed description of the internal security forces of the vetted Syrian opposi-tion to be trained and equipped under such authority, including a description of their geographic locations, demographic profiles, political affiliations, current capabilities, and relation to the objectives under the au-thority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a). (B) A detailed description of planned capa-bilities, including categories of equipment, intended to be provided to the elements of the vetted Syrian opposition under such au-thority. (C) A description of the planned level of en-gagement by United States forces with the elements of the vetted Syrian opposition after such elements of the vetted Syrian op-position have been trained and equipped under such authority, including the over-sight of equipment provided under such au-thority and the activities conducted by such vetted Syrian opposition forces. (D) An explanation of the processes and mechanisms for local commanders of the vetted Syrian opposition to exercise com-mand and control of the elements of the vet-ted Syrian opposition after such elements of the vetted Syrian opposition have been trained and equipped under such authority. (E) An explanation of complementary local governance and other stabilization activities in areas in which elements of the local inter-nal security forces trained and equipped under such authority will be operating and the relation of such local governance and other stabilization activities to the over-sight of such security forces. (c) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON USE OF  F
UNDS DURING FISCAL YEAR2019.— (1) C
ERTIFICATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH USE  
OF FUNDS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 120 days thereafter, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a written certification on the following: (A) Whether, during the 120-day period end-ing on the date of the certification, demon-strable progress was made— (i) to retake control of territory in Syria from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS); or (ii) to stabilize areas in Syria formerly held by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (B) Whether, during such period, the vetted Syrian opposition tasked with conducting local security operations that United States forces are training and equipping under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), were demo-graphically representative of the local com-munities and serve local governance bodies that are similarly representative of the local communities. (C) Whether, during such period, the De-partment of Defense took actions to miti-gate any pause in offensive operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria through the training, equipping, and assist-ance of the vetted Syrian opposition. (D) Whether, during such period, support provided under the authority referred to in subparagraph (B) was consistent with United States standards regarding respect for human rights, rule of law, and support for stable and equitable governance. (E) Whether, during such period, members of the vetted Syrian opposition receiving support under the authority referred to in subparagraph (B) continued to demonstrate respect for human rights and rule of law, vio-lations of human rights and rule of law by such members were appropriately inves-tigated, and the individuals responsible for such violations were appropriately held ac-countable. (2) LIMITATION .—If the Secretary does not make a certification by the deadline for sub-mittal required for the certification under paragraph (1), or is unable in the certifi-cation to certify each of the matters speci-fied in that paragraph, no support may be provided to the vetted Syrian opposition under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), during the period that— (A) begins on the deadline for submittal of the certification (if the certification is not made) or the date of the certification (if the certification does not certify each of the matters), as applicable; and (B) ends on the date on which a certifi-cation is submitted under paragraph (1) that certifies each of the matters. 
SEC. 1223. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT OPER-ATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OF-FICE OF SECURITY COOPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fis-cal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (b) A
MOUNT AVAILABLE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Such section is further amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $42,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2019 may not exceed $45,300,000’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (2) L
IMITATION OF USE OF FISCAL YEAR 2019  
FUNDS PENDING REPORTS .—Of the amount available for fiscal year 2019 for section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, as amended by this sec-tion, not more than an amount equal to 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended for the Office of Security Coopera-tion in Iraq until 30 days after the later of— (A) the date on which the report on the United States strategy on Iraq required by the joint explanatory statement of the com-mittee of the conference accompanying Con-ference Report 115–404 is submitted to the congressional defense committees; and (B) the date on which the report required under subsection (c) is submitted to the ap-propriate committees of Congress. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in cooperation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the enduring planned size and missions of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq after the cessation of major combat operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (B) A description of the relationship be-tween the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and any planned enduring presence of other United States forces in Iraq. (C) A detailed description of any activity to be conducted by the Office of Security Co-operation in Iraq in fiscal year 2019. (D) A plan and timeline for the normaliza-tion of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq to conform to other offices of security cooperation, including the transition of funding from the Department of Defense to the Department of State by the beginning of fiscal year 2020. (E) Such other matters with respect to the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State consider appropriate. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1224. SYRIA STUDY GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established a working group to be known as the ‘‘Syria Study Group’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Group’’). (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Group is to examine and make recommendations on the military and diplomatic strategy of the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (c) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Group shall be com-posed of 12 members, who shall be appointed as follows: (A) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (B) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate. (C) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (D) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate. (E) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (F) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives. (G) One member appointed by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (H) One member appointed by the ranking minority member of the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (I) One member appointed by the majority leader of the Senate. (J) One member appointed by the minority leader of the Senate. (K) One member appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. (L) One member appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (2) C
O-CHAIRS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3110 June 6, 2018 
(A) Of the members of the Group, one co- chair shall be jointly designated by— (i) the chairs of the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate; (ii) the chairs of the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs of the House of Representatives; (iii) the majority leader of the Senate; and (iv) the Speaker of the House of Represent-atives. (B) Of the members of the Group, one co- chair shall be jointly designated by— (i) the ranking minority members of the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (ii) the ranking minority members of the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (iii) the minority leader of the Senate; and (iv) the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (3) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—A member shall be appointed for the life of the Group. (4) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Group shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (d) D
UTIES .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Group shall conduct a re-view on the current United States military and diplomatic strategy with respect to the conflict in Syria that includes a review of current United States objectives in Syria and the desired end state in Syria. (2) A
SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— The Group shall— (A) conduct a comprehensive assessment of the current situation in Syria, the impact of such situation on neighboring countries, the resulting regional and geopolitical threats to the United States, and current military, dip-lomatic, and political efforts to achieve a stable Syria; and (B) develop recommendations on the mili-tary and diplomatic strategy of the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. (e) C
OOPERATION OF UNITED STATES GOV-
ERNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Group shall receive the full and timely cooperation of the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence in providing the Group with analyses, briefings, and other information necessary for the dis-charge of the duties of the Group under sub-section (d). (2) L
IAISON .—The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall each designate at least one officer or employee of the Depart-ment of Defense, the Department of State, and the Office of the Director of National In-telligence, respectively, to serve as a liaison to the Group. (3) F
ACILITATION .—The United States Insti-tute of Peace shall take appropriate actions to facilitate the Group in the discharge of the duties of the Group under this section. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than June 30, 2019, the Group shall submit to the Presi-dent, the Secretary of Defense, the Com-mittee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the majority and minor-ity leaders of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives a re-port that sets forth the findings, conclu-sions, and recommendations of the Group under this section. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall include each of the following: (i) An assessment of the current security, political, humanitarian, and economic situa-tions in Syria. (ii) An assessment of the current participa-tion and objectives of the various external actors in Syria. (iii) An assessment of the consequences of continued conflict in Syria. (iv) Recommendations for a resolution to the conflict in Syria, including— (I) options for a gradual political transi-tion to a post-Assad Syria; and (II) actions necessary for reconciliation. (v) A roadmap for a United States and coa-lition strategy to reestablish security and governance in Syria, including recommenda-tions for the synchronization of stabiliza-tion, development, counterterrorism, and re-construction efforts. (vi) Any other matter with respect to the conflict in Syria that the Group considers to be appropriate. (2) INTERIM REPORT .—Not later than Feb-ruary 1, 2019, the Group shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the majority and minor-ity leaders of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives a re-port that describes the status of the review and assessment under subsection (d) and any interim recommendations developed by the Group as of the date of the briefing. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report submitted to Congress under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (g) T
ERMINATION .—The Group shall termi-nate on the date that is 180 days after the date on which the Group submits the report required by subsection (f)(1). 
SEC. 1225. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. 
Section 1245(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘the Houthis,’’ after ‘‘Hamas,’’; and (2) in paragraph (7)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Russian Federation,’’ after ‘‘Pakistan,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘trafficking or’’ before ‘‘development’’. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to Europe and the Russian Federation 
SEC. 1231. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON MILI-TARY COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1232 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2488), as amended by section 1231 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is fur-ther amended in the matter preceding para-graph (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017 or 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017, 2018, or 2019’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed to limit bi-lateral military-to-military dialogue be-tween the United States and the Russian Federation for the purpose of reducing the risk of conflict.’’. SEC. 1232. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to implement any activity that recognizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may waive the limitation in sub-section (a) if the Secretary of Defense— (1) determines that the waiver is in the na-tional security interest of the United States; and (2) submits to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notification of the waiver. 
SEC. 1233. EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY AS-SISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068), as most recently amended by section 1234 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to subsection (f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to subsection (f)(4)’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’; (2) in subsection (f), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) For fiscal year 2019, $200,000,000.’’; and (3) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1234. SENSE OF SENATE ON RELOCATION OF JOINT INTELLIGENCE ANALYSIS COMPLEX. 
It is the sense of the Senate that, in con-sideration of any future plans regarding the relocation of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex of the United States European Com-mand, the Secretary of Defense should main-tain its geographic location within the United Kingdom and its collocation with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Intelligence Fusion Center. 
SEC. 1235. SENSE OF SENATE ON ENHANCING DE-TERRENCE AGAINST RUSSIAN AG-GRESSION IN EUROPE. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—To protect the national security of the United States, it is the policy of the United States to pursue an integrated approach to strengthening the de-fense of allies and partners in Europe as part of a broader, long-term strategy backed by all elements of United States national power to deter and, if necessary, defeat Russian ag-gression. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that in order to strengthen the defense of allies and partners in Europe, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and in consultation with the commander of United States Euro-pean Command, should— (1) prioritize the need for additional United States Army forward presence in Europe, es-pecially increased forward-stationed combat enablers to enhance United States Army ca-pability and capacity in areas such as— (A) long-range fires; (B) air and missile defense; (C) combat engineering; (D) logistics and sustainment; (E) warfighting headquarters elements; and (F) electronic warfare; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3111 June 6, 2018 
(2) conduct a review of the balance of United States Army presence in Europe be-tween rotationally deployed and forward-sta-tioned forces, including an examination of transitioning the rotational presence of a United States Army armored brigade combat team (ABCT) in Europe to a forward-sta-tioned ABCT, with consideration of— (A) the opportunity to more effectively sig-nal the enduring commitment of the United States— (i) to assure allies and partners in Europe; and (ii) to deter Russian aggression; (B) the significant recurring fiscal costs of rotating heavy, equipment-intensive units; (C) the family readiness impacts of lengthy heel-to-toe rotational deployments; (D) the potential advantages of interoper-ability and cultural proficiency that can be achieved by forward-stationed forces that have knowledge of local rules, regulations, culture, customs, geography, and counter-part military units and officials; (E) the potential tradeoffs between— (i) the training readiness and high oper-ational tempo of rotational units; and (ii) the higher manning rates of forward- stationed forces; and (F) the benefits of National Training Cen-ter rotations for rotationally deployed units as compared to maximized use of United States Army training areas in Europe, in-cluding the Joint Multinational Readiness Center in Germany, by forward-stationed units in Europe; (3) consider options for mitigating per-sonnel impacts of heel-to-toe rotations of United States forces in Europe, including designation of Operation Atlantic Resolve as a named operation; (4) examine the merit and feasibility of maintaining a continuous and enduring pres-ence of at least one United States Army company in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; (5) examine the merit and feasibility of in-creasing the presence of United States spe-cial operations forces in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania to deter aggression, promote interoperability, build resilience through training activities focused on countering un-conventional warfare strategies, and enable the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to take collective action if required; (6) examine the merit and feasibility of prepositioning certain equipment and ammu-nition in Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; (7) continue rotational deployments of United States forces to Romania and Bul-garia while taking full advantage of the training opportunities available at military locations such as Camp Mihail Kogalniceanu in Romania and Novo Selo Training Area in Bulgaria; (8) examine the implications of Russian military activity in the Arctic region for United States military capability, capacity, and force posture; (9) conduct exercises focused on dem-onstrating the capability to flow United States forces from the continental United States and surge forces from central to east-ern Europe in a nonpermissive environ-ment— (A) to test and improve strategic and oper-ational logistics and transportation capabili-ties; (B) to identify capability gaps, capacity shortfalls, or other limiting factors in the execution of operational plans; and (C) to identify appropriate corrective ac-tion; (10) consider incorporating cyber protec-tion teams, to the extent practicable, with rotational forces in Europe with a focus on training United States and allied forces to operate against adversary cyber, electronic warfare, and information operations capa-bilities; (11) support robust security assistance for Ukraine, including defensive lethal assist-ance, while promoting necessary defense in-stitutional reforms; (12) support robust security assistance for Georgia, including defensive lethal assist-ance, to strengthen the defense capabilities and readiness of Georgia, and improve inter-operability with NATO forces; (13) promote enhanced military-to-military engagement between the United States and the militaries of the countries of the West-ern Balkans to promote interoperability with NATO, civilian control of the military, procurement reforms, and regional security cooperation; (14) develop and implement a comprehen-sive security cooperation strategy that rationalizes and prioritizes support for allies and partners in Europe, including Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Bul-garia, Ukraine, Moldova, and Georgia; (15) consider the merit and feasibility of a defense lending initiative to support allies and partners in Europe, especially allies and partners that are most vulnerable to Russian aggression, to supplement and fill gaps in ex-isting United States security assistance and arms sales mechanisms; and (16) in NATO or through other multilateral formats— (A) promote reforms to accelerate the speed of decision and deployability within NATO, including delegation to the Secretary General and the Supreme Allied Commander Europe (SACEUR) of the authority to deploy the Very High Readiness Joint Task Force to any location within the territory of NATO allies in response to a security crisis; (B) promote a more robust NATO defense planning process that— (i) defines clear, stable chains-of-command responsible for the execution of graduated response plans; (ii) generates realistic military require-ments; and (iii) provides a basis for assigning allies specific responsibilities as force providers in contingency plans; (C) pursue planning agreements with allies and partners in Europe on rules of engage-ment and arrangements for command and control, access, transit, and support in crisis situations, which occur prior to an invoca-tion of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty by the North Atlantic Council; (D) promote operational readiness of major combat units as a key element of alliance burden sharing alongside spending commit-ments made at the 2014 Wales Summit, in-cluding through— (i) the establishment of 30-day readiness targets for NATO kinetic air squadrons, major naval combatants, and mechanized maneuver battalions; (ii) emphasis on allies maintaining fully manned units, improving readiness of key lo-gistics units, increasing lift capacity, and maintaining sufficient stocks of equipment and munitions; and (iii) the conduct of NATO exercises with a focus on rapid mobilization and deployment of allied forces; (E) explore transitioning the Baltic air po-licing mission of NATO to a Baltic air de-fense mission that would— (i) be fully integrated with the Integrated Air and Missile Defense of NATO and other regional short- and medium-range air de-fense systems; and (ii) include the participation of NATO and regional partners such as Sweden and Fin-land; and (F) support multilateral efforts to improve maritime domain awareness in the Baltic Sea, including— (i) integrating subsurface sensors and anti- submarine warfare platforms of NATO and other regional partners into a shared mari-time domain awareness framework; (ii) coordinating the development, procure-ment, and employment of aerial, surface, and subsurface unmanned vehicles as well as mo-bile air surveillance radars; (iii) expanding the scope of Sea Surveil-lance Cooperation Baltic Sea (SUCBAS) in-formation sharing to include sensitive or classified data with the goal of creating a common operating picture; and (iv) encouraging civil-military collabora-tion on maritime domain awareness; (G) promote alignment of the Permanent Structured Cooperation, European Defense Fund, and Coordinated Annual Review on Defense of the European Union (EU) with the NATO defense planning process; (H) support NATO–EU cooperation to en-sure that— (i) EU capability development is coherent, complementary, and interoperable with NATO; (ii) EU-generated capabilities are available to NATO; and (iii) EU defense activities are conducted 
with appropriate transparency and participa-tion of non-EU states; (I) support coordinated NATO and EU ac-tions on expediting or waiving diplomatic clearances for the movement of United States and allied forces during contin-gencies; (J) support cooperative investment frame-works that promote increased military mo-bility in Europe; (K) explore enhancing the role of NATO Force Integration Units to more centrally coordinate exercises and training by de-con-flicting training engagements, identifying opportunities for combined activities, and ensuring exercise design and delivery are re-sponsive to the dynamic security environ-ment; (L) support cooperative efforts to improve the cyber resiliency of commercial systems in Europe, especially port and rail infra-structure essential for military mobility; (M) support NATO procurement and train-ing efforts to expand the use of secure and interoperable communications at the oper-ational level, especially in the militaries of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Roma-nia, and Bulgaria; (N) expand cooperation and joint planning with allies and partners on intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance (ISR), includ-ing— (i) exercises related to border security and crisis command and control; and (ii) electronic warfare, anti-air, and anti- surface capabilities; (O) promote efforts to improve the capa-bility and readiness of NATO Standing Mari-time Groups; (P) encourage regular review and update of the Alliance Maritime Strategy of NATO to reflect the changing military balance in the Black Sea with a particular focus on ISR, cyber, electronic warfare, and anti-sub-marine warfare capabilities as well as de-fense of ports, airfields, military bases, and other critical infrastructure; (Q) explore increasing the frequency, scale, and scope of NATO and other multilateral exercises in the Black Sea with the partici-pation of Ukraine and Georgia; (R) promote integration of United States Marines in Norway with the United King-dom-led Joint Expeditionary Force to in-crease multilateral cooperation and inter-operability between NATO and regional part-ners such as Sweden and Finland; (S) affirm support for the Open Door policy of NATO, including the eventual membership of Georgia in NATO; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3112 June 6, 2018 
(T) promote the contribution of sufficient resources by NATO allies for the Substantial NATO-Georgia Package, and encourage NATO allies to make full use of the NATO– Georgian Joint Training and Evaluation Center. 
SEC. 1236. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS RELATED TO NATO SUPPORT AND PROCURE-MENT ORGANIZATION AND RELATED NATO AGREEMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Sec- tion 2350d of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘NATO Support Organiza-tion’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘NATO Support and Procurement Organiza-tion’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Support Partnership Agreement’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘Support or Procurement Partnership Agreement’’; and (3) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Sup-port Partnership Agreements’’ and inserting ‘‘Support or Procurement Partnership Agreements’’. (b) A
RMS EXPORT CONTROL ACT.—Section 21(e)(3) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2761(e)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO) Support Organization’’ and in-serting ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Support and Procurement Organiza-tion’’; and (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘support part-nership agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘support or procurement partnership agreement’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C)(i), in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘weapon system partner-ship agreement’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘support or procurement partnership agreement’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization (NATO) Support Organization’’ and inserting ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization (NATO) Support and Procurement Organization’’. 
SEC. 1237. REPORT ON SECURITY COOPERATION BETWEEN THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION AND CUBA, NICARAGUA, AND VENEZUELA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on security co-operation between the Russian Federation and each of the countries specified in sub-section (b). (b) C
OUNTRIES .—The countries specified in this subsection are as follows: (1) Cuba. (2) Nicaragua. (3) Venezuela. (c) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of bilateral security co-operation between the Russian Federation and each country specified in subsection (b) that includes each of the following: (A) A list of Russian weapon systems or other military hardware or technology val-ued at not less than $1,000,000 provided to or purchased by such country since January 1, 2007. (B) A description of the participation of the security forces of such country in train-ing or exercises with the security forces of the Russian Federation since January 1, 2007. (C) A description of any security coopera-tion agreement between the Russian Federa-tion and such country. (D) A description of any military or intel-ligence infrastructure, facilities, and assets developed by the Russian Federation in each such country and any associated agreements or understandings between the Russian Fed-eration and such country. (2) An assessment of security cooperation, specifically in an advisory role, among the countries specified in subsection (b). (d) FORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1238. SENSE OF SENATE ON COUNTERING RUSSIAN MALIGN INFLUENCE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of State should— (1) urgently prioritize the completion of a comprehensive strategy to counter Russian malign influence; and (2) submit to Congress the report required by section 1239A(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–91). Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo- Pacific Region 
SEC. 1241. REDESIGNATION, EXPANSION, AND EX-TENSION OF SOUTHEAST ASIA MARI-TIME SECURITY INITIATIVE. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION AS INDO-PACIFIC MARI-
TIME SECURITY INITIATIVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(2) of sec-tion 1263 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 333 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the ‘Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative’’’ and in-serting ‘‘the ‘Indo-Pacific Maritime Security Initiative’’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1263. INDO-PACIFIC MARITIME SECURITY INITIATIVE.’’. 
(b) E XPANSION .— (1) E
XPANSION OF REGION TO RECEIVE ASSIST -
ANCE AND TRAINING .—Subsection (a)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Indian Ocean’’ after ‘‘South China Sea’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A). (2) R
ECIPIENT COUNTRIES OF ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING GENERALLY .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a period; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) Bangladesh. ‘‘(7) Sri Lanka.’’. (3) C
OUNTRIES ELIGIBLE FOR PAYMENT OF  
CERTAIN INCREMENTAL EXPENSES .—Subsection (e)(2) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) India.’’. (c) E
XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of such sec-tion is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1242. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVEL-OPMENTS INVOLVING THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
Section 1202(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (16) and (17) through (23) as paragraphs (7) through (17) and (19) through (25), respec-tively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph (6): ‘‘(6) China’s overseas military basing and logistics infrastructure.’’; (3) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘including technology transfers and espionage’’ in the first sentence and insert-ing ‘‘including investment, industrial espio-nage, cybertheft, academia, and other means of technology transfer’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (17), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph (18): ‘‘(18) An assessment of relations between China and the Russian Federation with re-spect to security and military matters.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(26) The relationship between Chinese overseas investment, including initiatives such as the Belt and Road Initiative, and Chinese security and military strategy ob-jectives. ‘‘(27) Efforts by China to influence the media, cultural institutions, business, and academic and policy communities of the United States to be more favorable to its se-curity and military strategy and objectives. ‘‘(28) Efforts by China to monitor and in-fluence, in support of its security and mili-tary strategy and objectives, the following: ‘‘(A) Chinese citizens in the United States. ‘‘(B) United States citizens of Chinese de-scent.’’. SEC. 1243. SENSE OF SENATE ON TAIWAN. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Taiwan Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) and the ‘‘Six Assurances’’ are both cornerstones of United States relations with Taiwan; (2) the United States should strengthen de-fense and security cooperation with Taiwan to support the development of capable, ready, and modern defense forces necessary for Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self-de-fense capability; (3) the United States should strongly sup-port the acquisition by Taiwan of defensive weapons through foreign military sales, di-rect commercial sales, and industrial co-operation, with a particular emphasis on asymmetric warfare and undersea warfare capabilities, consistent with the Taiwan Re-lations Act; (4) the United States should improve the predictability of arms sales to Taiwan by en-suring timely review of and response to re-quests of Taiwan for defense articles and de-fense services; (5) the Secretary of Defense should pro-mote Department of Defense policies con-cerning exchanges that enhance the security of Taiwan, including— (A) United States participation in appro-priate Taiwan exercises, such as the annual Han Kuang exercise; (B) Taiwan participation in appropriate United States exercises; and (C) exchanges between senior defense offi-cials and general officers of the United States and Taiwan consistent with the Tai-wan Travel Act (Public Law 115–135); (6) the United States and Taiwan should expand cooperation in humanitarian assist-ance and disaster relief; and (7) the Secretary of Defense should con-sider supporting the visit of a United States hospital ship to Taiwan as part of the annual ‘‘Pacific Partnership’’ mission in order to improve disaster response planning and pre-paredness as well as to strengthen coopera-tion between the United States and Taiwan. 
SEC. 1244. REDESIGNATION AND MODIFICATION OF SENSE OF CONGRESS AND INI-TIATIVE FOR THE INDO-ASIA-PA-CIFIC REGION. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1251 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘Indo-Asia-Pacific’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Indo-Pacific’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3113 June 6, 2018 
(2) H EADING AMENDMENTS .— (A) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1251. SENSE OF CONGRESS AND INITIATIVE FOR THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION.’’. 
(B) S UBSECTION HEADINGS .—Such section is further amended in the headings of sub-sections (b) and (f) by striking ‘‘I
NDO-ASIA- P
ACIFIC ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NDO-PACIFIC ’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF INITIATIVE .—Such sec- tion is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs (1) through (4): ‘‘(1) Activities to increase the rotational and forward presence, improve the capabili-ties, and enhance the posture of the United States Armed Forces in the Indo-Pacific re-gion— ‘‘(A) consistent with the National Defense Strategy; and ‘‘(B) to the extent required to minimize the risk of execution of the contingency plans of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) Activities to improve military and de-fense infrastructure, logistics, and assured access in the Indo-Pacific region to enhance the responsiveness, survivability, and oper-ational resilience of the United States Armed Forces in the Indo-Pacific region. ‘‘(3) Activities to enhance the storage and pre-positioning in the Indo-Pacific region of equipment and munitions of the United States Armed Forces. ‘‘(4) Bilateral and multilateral military training and exercises with allies and part-ner nations in the Indo-Pacific region.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘security capacity’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of allies’’ in subpara-graph (B) and inserting ‘‘security capacity of allies’’; and (ii) by redesignating clauses (i) through (v) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘only’’; and (3) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) F
IVE-YEAR PLAN FOR THE INDO-PACIFIC  S
TABILITY INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) P
LAN REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Commander of the United States Pacific Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a future years plan on activities and resources of the Initiative. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The plan shall apply to the Initiative with respect to fiscal year 2020 and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) A description of the objectives of the Initiative. ‘‘(B) A description of the manner in which such objectives support implementation of the National Defense Strategy and reduce the risk of execution of the contingency plans of the Department of Defense by im-proving the operational resilience of United States forces in the Indo-Pacific region. ‘‘(C) An assessment of the resource require-ments to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(D) An assessment of any additional rota-tional or permanently stationed United States forces in the Indo-Pacific region re-quired to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(E) An assessment of the logistics re-quirements, including force enablers, equip-ment, supplies, storage, and maintenance, to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(F) An identification and assessment of required infrastructure investments to achieve such objectives, including potential infrastructure investments by host countries and new construction or upgrades of existing sites that would be funded by the United States. ‘‘(G) An assessment of any new agree-ments, or changes to existing agreements, with other countries for assured access re-quired to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(H) An assessment of security cooperation investments required to achieve such objec-tives. ‘‘(3) FORM.—The plan required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.’’. 
SEC. 1245. PROHIBITION ON PARTICIPATION OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA IN RIM OF THE PACIFIC (RIMPAC) NAVAL EXERCISES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the pace and militarization by the Gov-ernment of the People’s Republic of China of land reclamation activities in the South China Sea is destabilizing the security of United States allies and partners and threat-ening United States core interests; (2) these activities of the Government of the People’s Republic of China adversarially threaten the maritime security of the United States and our allies and partners; (3) no country that acts adversarially should be invited to multilateral exercises; and (4) the involvement of the Government of the People’s Republic of China in multilat-eral exercises should undergo reevaluation until such behavior changes. (b) C
ONDITIONS FOR FUTURE PARTICIPATION  
INRIMPAC.—The Secretary of Defense shall not enable or facilitate the participation of the People’s Republic of China in any Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercise unless the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that China has— (1) ceased all land reclamation activities in the South China Sea; (2) removed all weapons from its land rec-lamation sites; and (3) established a consistent four-year track record of taking actions toward stabilizing the region. 
SEC. 1246. ASSESSMENT OF AND REPORT ON GEO-POLITICAL CONDITIONS IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall select and enter into an agreement with an entity inde-pendent of the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the geopolitical conditions in the Indo-Pacific region that are necessary for the successful implementa-tion of the National Defense Strategy. (2) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The assess-ment required by paragraph (1) shall include a determination of the geopolitical condi-tions in the Indo-Pacific region, including any change in economic and political rela-tions, that are necessary to support United States military requirements for forward de-fense, extensive forward basing, and alliance formation and strengthening in such region. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the independent entity selected under subsection (a) shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report on the results of the assessment conducted under that sub-section. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .— The Secretary shall provide the independent entity selected under subsection (a) with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analyses necessary for the independent entity to conduct the as-sessment required by that subsection in a thorough and independent manner. (d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1247. SENSE OF SENATE ON UNITED STATES- INDIA DEFENSE RELATIONSHIP. 
It is the sense the Senate that the United States should strengthen and enhance its major defense partnership with India and work toward mutual security objectives by— (1) expanding engagement in multilateral frameworks, including the Quadrilateral Dialogue between the United States, India, Japan, and Australia, to promote regional security and defend shared values and com-mon interests in the rules-based order; (2) exploring additional steps to implement the ‘‘major defense partner’’ designation to better facilitate military interoperability, information sharing, and appropriate tech-nology transfers; (3) designating the responsible individual within the Department of Defense to facili-tate the major defense partnership with India, as required by section 1292(a)(1)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2559); (4) pursuing strategic initiatives to help develop India’s defense capabilities, includ-ing maritime security capabilities; (5) improving cooperation on and coordina-tion of humanitarian and disaster relief re-sponses; (6) conducting additional joint exercises with India in the Persian Gulf, the Indian Ocean region, and the Western Pacific; and (7) furthering cooperative efforts to pro-mote security and stability in Afghanistan. 
SEC. 1248. SENSE OF SENATE ON STRATEGIC IM-PORTANCE OF MAINTAINING COM-MITMENTS UNDER COMPACTS OF FREE ASSOCIATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Re-public of Palau are sovereign countries in free association with the United States under the Compacts of Free Association (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Compacts’’), which provide for the exclusive right of the United States Armed Forces to operate in the areas covered by the Compacts. (2) Such exclusive right allows the United States to curtail the potential expansion of foreign militaries into areas covered by the Compacts. (3) Under the Compacts, eligible citizens of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Re-public of the Marshall Islands, and the Re-public of Palau may— (A) reside, work, and study in the United States without a visa; and (B) serve in the United States Armed Forces. (4) An estimated 
1⁄4of the populations of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Re-public of the Marshall Islands, and the Re-public of Palau has relocated to the United States. (5) Under the Compacts, the Federal Gov-ernment is required to provide assistance to any affected jurisdiction in the United States to defray costs incurred by the af-fected jurisdiction for health, educational, social, or public safety services, or for infra-structure relating to such services, due to the residence in the affected jurisdiction of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3114 June 6, 2018 
citizens of the Federated States of Micro-nesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that maintaining the commitments of the United States under the Compacts is of vital strategic importance to the national security interests of the United States. 
SEC. 1249. SENSE OF SENATE ON UNITED STATES MILITARY FORCES ON THE KOREAN PENINSULA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) On June 25, 1950, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea (DPRK), under the rule of Kim Il-sung, the grandfather of Kim Jong-un, launched a surprise attack against forces from the Republic of Korea (South Korea) and small contingent of United States forces, thus beginning the Korean War. (2) In June and July of 1950, the United Na-tions Security Council adopted Resolutions 82, 83, and 84 calling for the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea to cease hostilities and withdraw, to recommend that United Nations member nations provide forces to repel the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea attack, and stating any forces pro-vided should be unified under the command of the United States, respectively. (3) Fighting as part of a 1,000,000-strong, 22- nation United Nations force, 36,574 members of the United States Armed Forces and 137,899 members of the South Korean mili-tary lost their lives during the three years of armed hostilities and brutal conflict in the Korean War. (4) On July 27, 1953, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, Chinese People’s Volunteers, and the United Nations signed an armistice agreement ceasing all hos-tilities in Korea and establishing the Demili-tarized Zone (DMZ). (5) Since 1953, lawfully-deployed United States and United Nations forces have re-mained alongside their South Korean coun-terparts, continuing to protect and defend South Korea and deter aggression from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (6) As a lasting testament the blood and treasure lost during the Korean War and the strong and unwavering alliance built from the ashes of the conflict, the Korean War Me-morial in Washington, District of Columbia, and the War Memorial of Korea in Seoul, South Korea, prominently display the fol-lowing inscription: ‘‘Our Nation honors her Sons and Daughters who answered the call to defend a Country they never knew and a peo-ple they never met.’’. (7) The United States maintains a robust, well-trained, and ready force of approxi-mately 28,500 members of the Armed Forces in South Korea, and the presence of the members of the Armed Forces in South Korea demonstrates the continued resolve and support of the United States for the en-during United States-South Korean Alliance. (8) On December 22, 2017, Kim Jong-un stat-ed, ‘‘The rapid development of [North Ko-rea’s] nuclear force is now exerting big influ-ence on the world political structure and strategic environment.’’. (9) On January 1, 2018, Kim Jong-un stated ‘‘The entire United States is within range of our nuclear weapons, and a nuclear button is always on my desk. This is reality, not a threat. This year we should focus on mass producing nuclear warheads and ballistic missiles for operational deployment.’’. (10) Despite 11 standalone United Nations Security Council resolutions against the nu-clear and ballistic missile programs of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, 8 of which passed during the rule of Kim Jong- un, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has continued to illegally and unlaw-fully pursue a long-range, nuclear capability meant to hold hostage the United States and threaten the security of the neighbors of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (11) The 2017 National Security Strategy (NSS) states— (A) ‘‘Our alliance and friendship with South Korea, forged by the trials of history, is stronger than ever.’’; (B) ‘‘Allies and partners magnify our power . . . [and] together with our allies, partners, and aspiring partners, the United States will pursue cooperation with reciprocity.’’; and (C) with respect to priority actions in the Indo-Pacific region, ‘‘We will redouble our commitment to established alliances and partnerships, while expanding and deepening relationships with new partners that share respect for sovereignty . . . and the rule of law.’’. (12) Secretary of Defense James Mattis stated, ‘‘Winston Churchill noted that the only thing harder than fighting with allies is fighting without them. History proves that we are stronger when we stand united with others. Accordingly, our military will be de-signed, trained, and ready to fight alongside allies.’’. (13) The 2018 National Defense Strategy (NDS) states, ‘‘Mutually beneficial alliances and partnerships are crucial to our strategy, providing a durable, asymmetric strategic advantage that no competitor or rival can match . . . [and the United States] will strengthen and evolve our alliances and part-nerships into an extended network capable of deterring or decisively acting to meet the shared challenges of our time.’’. (14) The unclassified summary of 2018 NDS, an 11-page document, mentions the term ‘‘al-lies’’ or ‘‘alliances’’ over 50 times. (15) The 2018 NDS states, ‘‘China is a stra-tegic competitor using predatory economics to intimidate its neighbors . . . [and] it is in-creasingly clear that China. . .want[s] to shape a world consistent with their authori-tarian model—gaining veto authority over other nations’ economic, diplomatic, and se-curity decisions.’’. (16) Foreign policy experts have long con-tended that the first priority of the People’s Republic of China on the Korean Peninsula is to ensure that the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea remains a buffer between China and the democratic South Korea and the United States forces deployed on the Ko-rean Peninsula. (17) China continues to provide the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea with most of its food and energy supplies and, until re-cently, accounted for approximately 90 per-cent of the total trade volume of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea. (18) On June 30, 2017, President Donald Trump stated, ‘‘Our goal is peace, stability and prosperity for the region. But the United States will defend itself, always will defend itself, always, and we will always defend our allies. As part of that commitment, we are working together to ensure fair burden shar-ing and support of the United States mili-tary presence in Republic of Korea.’’. (19) South Korea already pays for approxi-mately 50 percent of the total nonpersonal costs of the 28,500 United States members of the Armed Forces on the Korean Peninsula, amounting to $887,500,000 in 2018. (20) President Moon Jae-in has committed to increasing the defense spending of South Korea during his term from the current level 2.4 percent of the gross domestic product to 2.9 percent of the gross domestic product. (21) News reports published in early May 2018 have stated that President Trump asked the Secretary of Defense to provide him with options for removing United States troops from the Korean Peninsula. (22) National Security Advisor John Bolton responded, ‘‘The President has not asked the Pentagon to provide options for reducing American forces stationed in South Korea.’’. (23) A spokesman for the Secretary stated, ‘‘The president has not asked the Pentagon to provide options for reducing American forces stationed in South Korea. The Depart-ment of Defense’s mission in South Korea re-mains the same, and our force posture has not changed. The Department of Defense re-mains committed to supporting the max-imum pressure campaign, developing and maintaining military options for the Presi-dent, and reinforcing our ironclad security commitment with our allies. We all remain committed to complete, verifiable, and irre-versible denuclearization of the Korean Pe-ninsula.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) South Korea is a close friend and ally of the United States, and the United States- South Korea alliance is the linchpin of peace and security in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) the presence of United States military forces on the Korean Peninsula and across the Indo-Pacific region continues to play a critical role in safeguarding the peaceful and stable rules-based international order that benefits all countries; (3) South Korea has contributed heavily to its own defense and to the defense of the United States Armed Forces in South Korea, including by providing $10,000,000,000 of the $10,800,000,0000 Camp Humphreys project, which is 93 percent of the funding, to build and relocate United States military forces to a new base in South Korea; (4) United States military forces, pursuant to international law, are lawfully deployed on the Korean Peninsula; (5) the nuclear and ballistic missile pro-grams of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea are clear and consistent violations of international law; (6) the long-stated strategic objective of authoritarian states such as the People’s Re-public of China, the Russian Federation, and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has been the significant removal of United States military forces from the Korean Pe-ninsula; (7) the maximum pressure campaign of the Trump Administration, including an in-crease in economic sanctions and diplomatic measures with United States allies and re-gional partners, has worked to bring Kim Jong-un to the negotiation table; and (8) the significant removal of United States military forces from the Korean Peninsula is a non-negotiable item as it relates to the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Subtitle F—Reports 
SEC. 1251. REPORT ON MILITARY AND COERCIVE ACTIVITIES OF THE PEOPLE’S RE-PUBLIC OF CHINA IN SOUTH CHINA SEA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (d), immediately after the com-mencement of any significant reclamation or militarization activity by the People’s Re-public of China in the South China Sea, in-cluding any significant military deployment or operation or infrastructure construction, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, and release to the public, a report on the mili-tary and coercive activities of China in the South China Sea in connection with such ac-tivity. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REPORT TO PUBLIC .—Each report on a significant reclamation or mili-tarization activity under subsection (a) shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3115 June 6, 2018 
include a short narrative on, and one or more corresponding images of, such signifi-cant reclamation or militarization activity. (c) F
ORM.— (1) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Any report under subsection (a) that is submitted to the congressional defense committees shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may in-clude a classified annex. (2) R
ELEASE TO PUBLIC .—If a report under subsection (a) is released to the public, such report shall be so released in unclassified form. (d) W
AIVER .— (1) R
ELEASE OF REPORT TO PUBLIC .—The Secretary of Defense may waive the require-ment in subsection (a) for the release to the public of a report on a significant reclama-tion or militarization activity if the Sec-retary determines that the release to the public of a report on such activity under that subsection in the form required by sub-section (c)(2) would have an adverse effect on the national security interests of the United States. (2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—If the Secretary issues a waiver under paragraph (1) with re-spect to a report on an activity, not later than 48 hours after the Secretary issues such waiver, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees written notice of, and justification for, such waiver. 
SEC. 1252. REPORT ON TERRORIST USE OF HUMAN SHIELDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall provide a report on the use of human shields by terrorist groups to protect other-wise lawful targets from attack. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the lessons learned from the United States and its allies and partners in addressing the use of human shields by terrorist organizations such as Hamas, Hezbollah, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Al Qaeda, and any other organiza-tion as determined by the Secretary of De-fense. (2) A description of a specific plan and ac-tions being taken by the Department of De-fense to incorporate the lessons learned as identified in paragraph (1) into Department of Defense operating guidance, relevant ca-pabilities, and tactics, techniques, and pro-cedures to deter, counter, and address the challenge posed by the use of human shields and hold accountable terrorist organizations for the use of human shields. (c) S
UBMITTAL OF THE REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the report required in subsection (a). (d) F
ORM.—The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a clas-sified annex. (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 1253. REPORT ON ARCTIC STRATEGIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the strategy of the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, and the Air Force, respectively, for the Arctic re-gion. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the specific means by which each Armed Force, including regular components, the National Guard, and the Re-serves, will— (A) enhance the capability of the Armed Forces to defend the homeland and exercise sovereignty; (B) strengthen deterrence at home and abroad; (C) strengthen alliances and partnerships; (D) preserve freedom of the seas in the Arc-tic; (E) engage public, private, and inter-national partners to improve domain aware-ness in the Arctic; (F) develop Department of Defense Arctic infrastructure and capabilities consistent with changing conditions and needs; (G) provide support to civil authorities, as directed; (H) partner with other departments, agen-cies, and countries to support human and en-vironmental security; and (I) support international institutions that promote regional cooperation and the rule of law. (2) An analysis of the role of each Armed Force in the operational and contingency plans for the protection of United States na-tional security interests in the Arctic re-gion, including strategic national assets, United States citizens, territory, freedom of navigation, and economic and trade interests in the Arctic region, weighed against the missions described in the Arctic strategy. (3) A detailed description of near-term and long-term training, capability, and resource gaps that must be addressed to fully execute each mission described in the Arctic strategy against an increasing threat environment. (4) A description of the Armed Force-spe-cific infrastructure that may be needed to continue to accomplish each mission de-scribed in the Arctic strategy against an in-creasing threat environment, including a cost estimate and potential construction timeline for such infrastructure. (5) A description, by Armed Force, of the current and projected Arctic capabilities of the Russian Federation and the People’s Re-public of China, and an analysis of current and future United States capabilities that are required to comply with— (A) each mission described in the Arctic strategy; and (B) the strategic objectives in the National Defense Strategy. (6) With respect to each Armed Force— (A) an assessment of the level of coopera-tion between each Armed Force and other departments and agencies of the United States Government (including the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the National Security Agency), State and local govern-ments, and Tribal entities; and (B) a plan for increased cooperation be-tween the Armed Forces and such depart-ments, agencies, and entities. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1254. REPORT ON PERMANENT STATIONING OF A UNITED STATES ARMY BRI-GADE COMBAT TEAM IN THE REPUB-LIC OF POLAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of State, shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of permanently stationing a United States Army brigade combat team in the Republic of Poland. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall address the following: (1) An assessment whether a permanently stationed United States Army brigade com-bat team in Poland would enhance deter-rence against Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. (2) An assessment of the actions the Rus-sian Federation may take in response to a United States decision to permanently sta-tion such a brigade combat team in Poland. (3) An assessment of the international po-litical considerations of permanently sta-tioning such a brigade combat team in Po-land, including within the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). (4) An assessment whether such a brigade combat team in Poland would support imple-mentation of the National Defense Strategy. (5) A description and assessment of the manner in which such a brigade combat team in Poland may affect the ability of the Joint Force to execute Department of De-fense contingency plans in Europe. (6) A description and assessment of the manner in which such a brigade combat team in Poland would affect the ability of the Joint Force to respond to a crisis inside the territory of a North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization ally that occurs prior to the invo-cation of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty by the North Atlantic Council. (7) An identification and assessment of— (A) potential locations in Poland for sta-tioning such a brigade combat team; (B) the logistics requirements, including force enablers, equipment, supplies, storage, and maintenance, that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Po-land; (C) infrastructure investments by the United States and Poland, including new construction or upgrades of existing sites, that would be required to support such a bri-gade combat team in Poland; (D) any new agreements, or changes to ex-isting agreements, between the United States and Poland that would be required for such a brigade combat team in Poland; (E) any changes to the posture or capabili-ties of the Joint Force in Europe that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Poland; and (F) the timeline required to achieve the permanent stationing of such a brigade com-bat team in Poland. (8) An assessment of the willingness and ability of the Government of Poland to pro-vide host nation support for such a brigade combat team. (9) An assessment of whether future growth in United States Army end strength may be used to source additional forces for such a brigade combat team In Poland. (c) FORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1255. REPORTS ON NUCLEAR CAPABILITIES OF THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE’S RE-PUBLIC OF KOREA. 
(a) B ASELINE REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordina-tion with the Director of National Intel-ligence, shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on the status of the nuclear program of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea to establish a base-line of progress for negotiations with the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea with respect to denuclearization. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following, to the extent known or suspected: (1) A description of the location, quantity, capability, and operational status of the nu-clear weapons of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3116 June 6, 2018 
(2) A description of the location of nuclear research, development, production, and test-ing facilities of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea, including covert facilities. (3) A description of the location, quantity, capability, and operational status of the bal-listic missiles of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (4) A description of the location of the bal-listic missile manufacturing and assembly facilities of the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea. (5) An assessment of any intelligence gaps with respect to the information required by this subsection and verification or inspection measures that may fill such gaps. (c) U
PDATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an agree-ment between the United States and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, not later than 60 days after the date on which the agreement is reached, and every 90 days thereafter, the report required by subsection (a) shall be augmented by a written update. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each written update under paragraph (1) shall include the following for the preceding 90-day period: (A) A description of the number of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles verifiably dis-mantled, destroyed, rendered permanently unusable, or transferred out of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea. (B) An identification of the location of nu-clear research, development, production, and testing facilities in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea identified and verifiably dismantled, destroyed, or rendered perma-nently unusable. (C) An identification of the location of bal-listic missile manufacturing and assembly facilities in the Democratic People’s Repub-lic of Korea verifiably dismantled, destroyed, or rendered permanently unusable. (D) A description of the number of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles that remain in or under the control of the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea. (E) An assessment of the progress made in extending the breakout period required for the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to reconstitute its nuclear weapons program and build a nuclear weapon, as such progress relates to the information required by sub-paragraphs (A) through (D). (d) V
ERIFICATION ASSESSMENT REPORT .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the report required by subsection (a) is submitted, and every 180 days thereafter, the written update required under paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall include, in addition to the information required by subpara-graphs (A) through (E) of that subsection, the following for the preceding 180-day pe-riod: (1) An assessment of the establishment of safeguards, other control mechanisms, and other assurances secured from the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea to ensure the activities of the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea permitted under any agree-ment will not be used to further any nuclear- related military or nuclear explosive pur-pose, including research on or development of a nuclear explosive device. (2) An assessment of the capacity of the United States or an international organiza-tion, including the International Atomic En-ergy Agency, to effectively access and inves-tigate suspicious sites in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea or allegations of covert nuclear-related activities, including storage sites for nuclear weapons. (e) S
UNSET .—The section shall cease to be effective on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 1256. REPORT ON UNITED STATES MILITARY TRAINING OPPORTUNITIES WITH AL-LIES AND PARTNERS IN THE INDO- PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Secretary of Defense, as part of strategic initiatives, should continue to place emphasis on and consider the benefits of United States military training exercises with allies in the Indo-Pacific region; (2) the Indo-Pacific region is— (A) a strategically important region; and (B) critical to the interests of the United States; (3) the relationship between the United States and allies and partners in the Indo- Pacific region is essential for ensuring peace and security in the region; (4) interoperability between the United States and allies in the Indo-Pacific region increases readiness and regional contingency response time; (5) the United States should focus on ex-panding training with other allied nations and partners in the Indo-Pacific region; (6) the United States, working within our framework of alliances and partnerships, should seek to build the capacity and capa-bility of our allies and partners in the Indo- Pacific region and to expand interoperability with them; and (7) the United States and its partners in the Indo-Pacific region should continue to work together to build the forces, infrastruc-ture, relationships, and training needed to respond to search and rescue and humani-tarian assistance needed in the whole of cat-astrophic natural disasters. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on future United States military training op-portunities with allied and partner countries in the Indo-Pacific region. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed description of— (i) current United States military exer-cises involving United States partners and allies in the Indo-Pacific region; (ii) the manner in which such exercises are intended to improve the capability and ca-pacity of such partners and allies; and (iii) the interoperability of such partners and allies with the United States Armed Forces. (B) An analysis of the potential to expand the size, scope, or makeup of such exercises to include— (i) additional forces and units of current participants; (ii) additional capabilities or training; and (iii) other allies and partners in the Indo- Pacific region and other regions. (C) An identification of new United States military exercises that may be initiated in the Indo-Pacific region with— (i) security treaty allies such as Japan, South Korea, Australia, the Philippines, and Thailand; (ii) growing partners such as India, Indo-nesia, Malaysia, Mongolia, New Zealand, Singapore, Sri Lanka, and Vietnam; (iii) existing multilateral frameworks, such as the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN); (iv) allies and partners outside the Indo- Pacific region; and (v) potential new allies or partners. (3) FORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1261. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES RE-LATING TO ACQUISITION AND CROSS-SERVICING AGREEMENTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .—Section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsections (d) and (e): ‘‘(d) The Secretary of may not use an agreement with any government of an orga-nization described in subsection (a)(1) to fa-cilitate the transfer of logistic support, sup-plies, and services to any country or organi-zation with which the Secretary has not signed an agreement described in subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(e) An agreement described in subsection (a)(2) may not provide or otherwise con-stitute a commitment for the introduction of the armed forces into hostilities.’’. (b) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Such section is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) Not later than January 15 each year, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on acquisition and cross-servicing activities that sets forth, in detail, the following: ‘‘(1) A list of agreements in effect pursuant to subsection (a)(1) during the preceding fis-cal year. ‘‘(2) The date on which each agreement listed under paragraph (1) was signed, and, in the case of an agreement with a country that is not a member of the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization, the date on which the Sec-retary notified Congress pursuant to sub-section (b)(2) of the designation of such coun-try under subsection (a). ‘‘(3) The total dollar amount and major categories of logistic support, supplies, and services provided during the preceding fiscal year under each such agreement. ‘‘(4) The total dollar amount and major categories of reciprocal provisions of logistic support, supplies, and services received under each such agreement. ‘‘(5) With respect to the calendar year dur-ing which the report is submitted, an assess-ment of the following: ‘‘(A) The anticipated logistic support, sup-plies, and services requirements of the United States. ‘‘(B) The anticipated requirements of other countries for United States logistic support, supplies, and services.’’. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘the Committee on Armed Services’’ the first place it appears and all that follows through ‘‘the House of Representatives’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the appropriate committees of Con-gress’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) In this section, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 1262. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF AMOUNTS FOR GLOB-AL ENGAGEMENT CENTER. 
Section 1287(e)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2546; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3117 June 6, 2018 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) for fiscal year 2019 are less than $80,000,000, the Secretary of Defense is au-thorized to transfer, from amounts author-ized to be appropriated by an Act author-izing funds for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019, to the Secretary of State an amount, not to exceed $60,000,000, to be avail-able to carry out the functions of the Center for fiscal year 2019.’’. 
SEC. 1263. SENSE OF SENATE ON PURCHASE BY TURKEY OF S–400 AIR DEFENSE SYS-TEM. 
It is the sense of the Senate that if the Re-public of Turkey purchases the S–400 air de-fense system from the Russian Federation— (1) such purchase would constitute a sig-nificant transaction within the meaning of section 231(a) of the Countering Russian In-fluence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (title II of Public Law 115–44; 22 U.S.C. 9525(a)); and (2) the President should faithfully execute that Act by imposing and applying sanctions under section 235 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 9529) with respect to any individual or entity de-termined to have engaged in such significant transaction as if such person were a sanc-tioned person for purposes of such section 235. 
SEC. 1264. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT FOR STABILIZATION ACTIVITIES IN NATIONAL SECURITY INTEREST OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Admin-istrator of the United States Agency for International Development and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, provide support for the stabilization activi-ties of other Federal agencies specified under subsection (c). (b) D
ESIGNATION OF FOREIGN AREAS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts authorized to be provided pursuant to this section shall be available only for support for stabilization activities— (A) in a country specified in paragraph (2); and (B) that the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, has determined are in the national security in-terest of the United States. (2) S
PECIFIED COUNTRIES .—The countries specified in this paragraph are as follows: (A) Iraq. (B) Syria. (C) Afghanistan. (D) Somalia. (c) S
UPPORT TO OTHER AGENCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Support may be provided for stabilization activities under subsection (a) to the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, or other Federal agencies, on a reim-bursable or nonreimbursable basis. (2) T
YPE OF SUPPORT .—Support under sub-section (a) may consist of— (A) logistic support, supplies, and services; and (B) equipment. (d) R
EQUIREMENT FOR A STABILIZATION  S
TRATEGY .— (1) L
IMITATION .—With respect to any coun-try specified in subsection (b)(2), no amount of support may be provided under subsection (a) until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, submits to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a detailed report setting forth a stabilization strategy for such country. (2) ELEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—The sta- bilization strategy required by paragraph (1) shall set forth the following: (A) The United States interests in con-ducting stabilization activities in the coun-try specified in subsection (b)(2). (B) The key foreign partners and actors in such country. (C) The desired end states and objectives of the United States stabilization activities in such country. (D) The Department of Defense support in-tended to be provided for the stabilization activities of other Federal agencies under section (a). (E) Any mechanism for civil-military co-ordination regarding support for stabiliza-tion activities. (F) The mechanisms for monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of Department of Defense support for United States sta-bilization activities in the area. (e) R
EQUIREMENT FOR GUIDANCE .—No amount of support may be provided under subsection (a) until 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate committees of Congress written guidance for the design, implementa-tion, monitoring, and evaluation of support provided under that subsection. (f) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress on an annual basis a re-port that includes the following: (1) The identification of each foreign area within countries specified in subparagraph (b)(2) for which support to stabilization has occurred. (2) The total amount spent by the Depart-ment of Defense, broken out by recipient Federal agency and activity. (3) An assessment of the contribution of each activity toward greater stability. (4) An articulation of any plans for contin-ued Department of Defense support to sta-bilization in the specified foreign area in order to maintain or improve stability. (5) Other matters as the Secretary con-siders to be appropriate. (g) U
SE OF FUNDS .— (1) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—Amounts for activi-ties carried out under this section in a fiscal year shall be derived only from amounts au-thorized to be appropriated for such fiscal year for the Department of Defense for Oper-ation and Maintenance, Defense-wide. (2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than $25,000,000 in each fiscal year is authorized to be used to provide support under this section. (h) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided under this section may not be exercised after September 30, 2020. (i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) L
OGISTIC SUPPORT , SUPPLIES , AND SERV -
ICES.—The term ‘‘logistic support, supplies, and services’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2350(1) of title 10 United States Code. 
SEC. 1265. ENHANCEMENT OF U.S.-ISRAEL DE-FENSE COOPERATION. 
(a) E XTENSION OF WARRESERVES STOCKPILE  A
UTHORITY .—Section 12001(d) of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘after September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘after September 30, 2023’’. (b) J
OINT ASSESSMENT OF QUANTITY OF PRE-
CISION GUIDED MUNITIONS FOR USE BY  I
SRAEL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The President, acting through the Secretary of State and the Sec-retary of Defense, is authorized to conduct a joint assessment with the Government of Israel with respect to the matters described in paragraph (2). (2) M
ATTERS DESCRIBED .—The matters de-scribed in this paragraph are the following: (A) The quantity and type of precision guided munitions that are necessary for Israel to combat Hezbollah in the event of a sustained armed confrontation between Israel and Hezbollah. (B) The quantity and type of precision guided munitions that are necessary for Israel in the event of a sustained armed con-frontation with other armed groups and ter-rorist organizations such as Hamas. (C) The resources the Government of Israel plans to dedicate to acquire such precision guided munitions. (D) United States planning to assist Israel to prepare for sustained armed confronta-tions described in this subsection as well as the ability of the United States to resupply Israel in the event of confrontations de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B), if any. (3) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the date on which the joint assessment authorized under paragraph (1) is completed, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that contains the joint assessment. (B) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-paragraph (A) shall be submitted in classi-fied form, but may contain an unclassified summary. (C) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF RAPID ACQUISITION AND  D
EPLOYMENT PROCEDURES .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH PROCE -
DURES .—Section 806(a) of the Bob Stump Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note; Public Law 107–314) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘; and’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) urgently needed to support production of precision guided munitions— ‘‘(A) for the United States to meet require-ments; or ‘‘(B) to assist an ally of the United States under direct missile threat from— ‘‘(i) an organization the Secretary of State has designated as a foreign terrorist organi-zation pursuant to section 219 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or ‘‘(ii) a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Admin-istration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)) (as in effect pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act), section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism.’’. (2) P
RESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall prescribe procedures for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3118 June 6, 2018 
associated support services for purposes de-scribed in paragraph (3) of section 806(a) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2003, as added by paragraph (1)(C). 
SEC. 1266. CERTIFICATIONS REGARDING AC-TIONS BY SAUDI ARABIA IN YEMEN. 
(a) R ESTRICTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), if the Secretary of State is unable under sub-section (c) or (d) to certify that the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia is undertaking the ef-fort, measures, and actions described in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c), no Federal funds may be obligated or ex-pended after the deadline for the applicable certification to provide authorized in-flight refueling pursuant to section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, or other applicable stat-utory authority, of Saudi or Saudi-led coali-tion non-United States aircraft conducting missions in Yemen, other than missions re-lated to— (A) al Qaeda, al Qaeda in the Arabian Pe-ninsula (AQAP), or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS); (B) countering the transport, assembly, or employment of ballistic missiles or compo-nents in Yemen; (C) helping coalition aircraft return safely to base in emergency situations; (D) force protection of United States air-craft, ships, or personnel; or (E) freedom of navigation for United States military and international commerce. (2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the restriction in paragraph (1) with respect to a particular certification if the Secretary— (A) certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that the waiver is in the na-tional security interests of the United States; and (B) submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report, in written and unclassi-fied form, setting forth— (i) the effort in subsection (c)(1), measures in subsection (c)(2), or actions in subsections (c)(3) or (c)(4), or combination thereof, about which the Secretary is unable to make the certification; (ii) a detailed explanation why the Sec-retary is unable to make the certification about such effort, measures, or actions; (iii) a description of the actions the Sec-retary is taking to encourage the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia to undertake such ef-fort, measures, or actions; and (iv) a detailed justification for the waiver. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President or the President’s designee shall provide a briefing to the ap-propriate committees of Congress including, at a minimum— (1) a description of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates’ military and political objectives in Yemen and whether United States assistance to the Saudi-led coalition has resulted in significant progress towards meeting those objectives; (2) a description of efforts by the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia to avoid dispropor-tionate harm to civilians and civilian objects in Yemen, and an assessment of whether United States assistance to the Saudi-led co-alition has led to a demonstrable decrease in civilians killed or injured by Saudi-led air-strikes and damage to civilian infrastruc-ture; (3) an assessment of the United Nations Verification and Inspection Mechanism (UNVIM) in Yemen and an assessment of the need for existing secondary inspection and clearance processes and transshipment re-quirements on humanitarian and commer-cial vessels that have been cleared by UNVIM; (4) a description of the sources of external support for the Houthi forces, including fi-nancial assistance, weapons transfers, oper-ational planning, training, and advisory as-sistance; (5) an assessment of the applicability of United States and international sanctions to Houthi forces that have committed grave human rights abuses, obstructed inter-national aid, and launched ballistic missiles into Saudi territory, and an assessment of the applicability of United States and inter-national sanctions to individuals or entities providing the Houthi forces with material support; and (6) an assessment of the effect of the Saudi- led coalition’s military operations in Yemen on the efforts of the United States to defeat al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. (c) INITIAL CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a certification indicating whether the Govern-ment of Saudi Arabia is undertaking— (1) an urgent and good faith effort to sup-port diplomatic efforts to end the civil war in Yemen; (2) appropriate measures to alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Yemen by increasing access for Yemenis to food, fuel, medicine, and medical evacuation, including through the appropriate use of Yemen’s Red Sea ports, including the port of Hudaydah, the airport in Sana’a, and external border cross-ings with Saudi Arabia; (3) appropriate actions to reduce any un-necessary delays to shipments associated with secondary inspection and clearance processes other than the United Nations Verification and Inspections Mechanism (UNVIM); and (4) demonstrable actions to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and civilian infrastruc-ture resulting from its military operations in Yemen, including by— (A) complying with applicable agreements and laws regulating defense articles pur-chased or transferred from the United States; and (B) taking appropriate steps to avoid dis-proportionate harm to civilians and civilian infrastructure. (d) S
UBSEQUENT CERTIFICATIONS .—Not later than 180 and 360 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a certification indicating wheth-er the Government of Saudi Arabia is under-taking the effort, measures, and actions de-scribed in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4) of subsection (c). (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as authorizing the use of military force. (f) F
ORM OF CERTIFICATIONS .—The certifi-cations required under subsections (c) and (d) shall be written, detailed, and submitted in unclassified form. (g) S
TRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the Ad-ministrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an unclassified report listing United States ob-jectives in Yemen and detailing a strategy to accomplish those objectives. The report shall be unclassified but may include a classified annex. (h) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 1267. SENSE OF SENATE ON SUPPORT FOR G5 SAHEL JOINT FORCE COUNTRIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the United States should— (1) work with partners and allies to disrupt violent extremist organizations in the Sahel region that threaten United States security interests; (2) enhance cooperation with G5 Sahel Joint Force countries, which are— (A) Burkina Faso; (B) Mali; (C) Mauritania; (D) Niger; and (E) Chad; (3) continue to support the efforts of each G5 Sahel Joint Force country— (A) to improve security along the respec-tive borders of each country through the co-operation and deployment of joint patrols to interdict the cross-border flows of illicit trafficking and violent extremist groups; (B) to address underlying sources of insta-bility in each country through a whole-of- government approach; and (C) to build and sustain in each country— (i) an effective, accountable government; (ii) a capable and professional military; and (iii) a healthy economy; and (4) ensure that any assistance of the United States to a G5 Sahel Joint Force country is undertaken as a whole-of-govern-ment effort that balances all instruments of United States national power. 
SEC. 1268. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON BROADENING AND EXPANDING STRATEGIC PART-NERSHIPS AND ALLIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States is an ally-rich coun-try and our potential competitors, such as Russia, China, and North Korea, are ally- poor countries; (2) United States allies and partners are critical to defending peace and prosperity throughout the world; (3) the rules-based international order sup-ported by the United States and its allies has ensured, and will continue to promote, an international system that benefits all na-tions; (4) throughout the world, the United States will continue to foster relationships with countries with like minds and beliefs; (5) as the United States manages multiple strategic challenges, the enduring strength of the United States remains in alliances such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, the Rio Treaty, and mutual defense treaties with Japan, the Republic of Korea, Australia, the Philippines, and Thailand; (6) the resolve of the United States re-mains as strong as ever to forge new alli-ances and partnerships with countries in order to jointly to work with one another on shared challenges in Europe, the Indo-Pacific and throughout the world; (7) the United States will continue to in-vest in critical capabilities, build a force posture that decreases the vulnerabilities of the United States and increases resiliency, all of which will help reassure the allies and partners of the United States; (8) the United States will encourage allies and partners to be full and cooperative part-ners in their own defense and the defense of the free and open international order; and (9) the United States will continue to deep-en and expand alliances, especially in the Indo-Pacific, and will take no ally for grant-ed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3119 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 1269. REMOVAL OF TURKEY FROM THE F–35 PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Government of the Republic of Tur-key continues to unlawfully and wrongfully detain Andrew Brunson, a United States cit-izen, and continues to deny Mr. Brunson due process rights consistent with international norms. (2) The Government of the Republic of Tur-key has wrongly charged Andrew Brunson with belonging to a terrorist organization and engaging in terrorist activities. (3) The Government of the Republic of Tur-key, including the senior leadership of the government, bears direct responsibility for the health and safety of Andrew Brunson while he remains in the custody of the Gov-ernment of the Republic of Turkey. (4) Congress will not tolerate any foreign government’s efforts to use United States citizens for political leverage. (5) President Erdogan, along with other senior officials of the Government of the Re-public of Turkey, have publicly and repeat-edly stated the intention of the Government of the Republic of Turkey to purchase the S– 400 system from Russia, an act that is sanctionable under current United States law. (6) Any effort by the Government of the Republic of Turkey to further enhance their relationship with Russia will degrade the general security of the NATO alliance, and NATO member countries, and degrade inter-operability of the alliance. (b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a plan to remove the Gov-ernment of the Republic of Turkey from par-ticipation in the F–35 program, to include in-dustrial and military aspects of the program. The plan shall include: (1) steps required to unwind industrial par-ticipation of Turkish industry in the manu-facturing and assembly of the F–35 program; (2) costs associated with replacing tooling and other manufacturing materials held by Turkish industry; (3) timelines associated with the removal of the Government of the Republic of Turkey and Turkish industry from participation in the F–35 program, so as to cause the least impact on the remaining international pro-gram partners; and (4) steps required to prohibit the transfer of any F–35 aircraft currently owned and op-erated, by the Government of the Republic of Turkey, from the territory of the United States. (c) L
IMITATION ON THE TRANSFER OF THE F– 35 
TOTURKEY .—The Department of Defense may not transfer the title for any F–35 air-craft to the Government of the Republic of Turkey, until such time as the report identi-fied in subsection (b) has been submitted. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1270. INCREASE IN MINIMUM AMOUNT OF OBLIGATIONS FROM THE SPECIAL DEFENSE ACQUISITION FUND FOR PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Section 114(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2018, and shall apply with respect to fiscal years beginning on and after that date. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION SEC. 1301. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2019 C OOPERATIVE THREAT  R
EDUCTION FUNDS DEFINED .—In this title, the term ‘‘fiscal year 2019 Cooperative Threat Reduction funds’’ means the funds appro-priated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in section 301 and made avail-able by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Funds appro-priated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in section 301 and made avail-able by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. 
SEC. 1302. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS. 
Of the $335,240,000 authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 in section 301 and made avail-able by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obli-gated for the purposes specified: (1) For strategic offensive arms elimi-nation, $2,823,000. (2) For chemical weapons destruction, $5,446,000. (3) For global nuclear security, $29,001,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, $197,585,000. (5) For proliferation prevention, $74,937,000. (6) For activities designated as Other As-sessments/Administrative Costs, $25,448,000. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for pro-viding capital for working capital and re-volving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Chemical Agents and Muni-tions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. (b) U
SE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-priated under subsection (a) are authorized for— (1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and (2) the destruction of chemical warfare ma-teriel of the United States that is not cov-ered by section 1412 of such Act. 
SEC. 1403. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1404. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Defense, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4501. SEC. 1405. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
SEC. 1411. CONSOLIDATION OF REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER THE STRA-TEGIC AND CRITICAL MATERIALS STOCK PILING ACT. 
Section 11 of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98h–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘January 15 of’’ and inserting ‘‘February 15’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later’’ and all that follows through ‘‘report containing’’ and inserting ‘‘Each report under subsection (a) shall also include’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Each such report’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘Each report under subsection (a) with respect to matters covered by this subsection’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Each such report’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘Each report under subsection (a) with respect to such matters’’. Subtitle C—Armed Forces Retirement Home 
SEC. 1421. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 from the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
SEC. 1422. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR RESI-DENCE AT THE ARMED FORCES RE-TIREMENT HOME. 
Section 1512 of the Armed Forces Retire-ment Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 412) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1512. RESIDENTS OF RETIREMENT HOME. 
‘‘(a) P ERSONS ELIGIBLE TO BERESIDENTS .— Except as provided in subsection (b), the fol-lowing persons who served as members of the Armed Forces, at least one-half of whose service was not active commissioned service (other than as a warrant officer or limited- duty officer), are eligible to become resi-dents of the Retirement Home: ‘‘(1) Persons who are 60 years of age or over and were discharged or released from service in the Armed Forces after 20 or more years of active service. ‘‘(2) Persons who are determined under rules prescribed by the Chief Operating Offi-cer to be suffering from a service-connected disability incurred in the line of duty in the Armed Forces. ‘‘(3) Persons who served in a war theater during a time of war declared by Congress or were eligible for hostile fire special pay under section 310 or 351 of title 37, United States Code, and who are determined under rules prescribed by the Chief Operating Offi-cer to be suffering from injuries, disease, or disability. ‘‘(4) Persons who served in a women’s com-ponent of the Armed Forces before June 12, 1948, and are determined under rules pre-scribed by the Chief Operating Officer to be eligible for admission because of compelling personal circumstances. ‘‘(b) P
ERSONS INELIGIBLE TO BERESI-
DENTS .—The following persons are ineligible to become a resident of the Retirement Home: ‘‘(1) A person who— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3120 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(A) has been convicted of a felony; or ‘‘(B) was discharged or released from serv-ice in the Armed Forces under other than honorable conditions. ‘‘(2) A person with substance abuse or men-tal health problems, except upon a judgment and satisfactory determination by the Chief Operating Officer that— ‘‘(A) the person has been evaluated by a qualified health professional selected by the Retirement Home; ‘‘(B) the Retirement Home can accommo-date the person’s condition; and ‘‘(C) the person agrees to such conditions of residency as the Retirement Home may require. ‘‘(c) A
CCEPTANCE .—To apply for acceptance as a resident of a facility of the Retirement Home, a person eligible to be a resident shall submit to the Administrator of that facility an application in such form and containing such information as the Chief Operating Offi-cer may require. ‘‘(d) P
RIORITIES FOR ACCEPTANCE .—The Chief Operating Officer shall establish a sys-tem of priorities for the acceptance of resi-dents so that the most deserving applicants will be accepted whenever the number of eli-gible applicants is greater than the Retire-ment Home can accommodate. ‘‘(e) S
POUSES OF RESIDENTS .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY TO ADMIT .—Except as oth-erwise established pursuant to subsection (d), the spouse of a person accepted as a resi-dent of a facility of the Retirement Home may be admitted to that facility if the spouse— ‘‘(A) is a covered beneficiary within the meaning of section 1072(5) of title 10, United States Code; ‘‘(B) is not ineligible to become a resident as provided in subsection (b); and ‘‘(C) submits an application for admittance in accordance with subsection (c). ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS RESIDENT .—A spouse ad-mitted in accordance with paragraph (1) shall be a resident of the Retirement Home consistent with this Act, except as the Chief Operating Officer may otherwise provide.’’. 
SEC. 1423. OVERSIGHT OF HEALTH CARE PRO-VIDED TO RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
Section 1513A(c) of the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 413a(c)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) Facilitate and monitor the timely availability to residents of the Retirement Home such medical, mental health, and den-tal care services as such residents may re-quire at locations other than the Retirement Home.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Ensure’’ and inserting ‘‘Monitor’’. 
SEC. 1424. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY ON AC-CEPTANCE OF GIFTS FOR THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
Paragraph (1) of section 1515(f) of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 415(f)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) The Chief Operating Officer may ac-cept, receive, solicit, hold, administer, and use any gift, devise, or bequest, either abso-lutely or in trust, of real or personal prop-erty, or any income therefrom or other in-terest therein, for the benefit of the Retire-ment Home.’’. 
SEC. 1425. RELIEF FOR RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME IMPACTED BY INCREASE IN FEES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON REMOVAL FOR INABILITY  T
OPAYFEEINCREASE .—A resident of the Armed Forces Retirement Home as of Sep-tember 30, 2018, may not be removed or re-leased from the Retirement Home after that date based solely upon the inability of the resident to pay the amount of any increase in fees applicable to residents of the Retire-ment Home that takes effect on October 1, 2018. (b) OTHER RELIEF .—The Chief Operating Officer of the Armed Forces Retirement Home shall take all actions practicable to accommodate residents of the Retirement Home who are impacted by the fee structure applicable to residents of the Retirement Home that takes effect on October 1, 2018, in-cluding through hardship relief, additional deductions from gross income, and other ap-propriate actions. 
SEC. 1426. LIMITATION ON APPLICABILITY OF FEE INCREASE FOR RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
In the case of an individual who was a resi-dent of the Armed Forces Retirement Home as of April 9, 2018, the increase in fees pursu-ant to the increase in fees for residents of the Home scheduled to take effect on Octo-ber 1, 2018, may not exceed an amount equal to 50 percent of the fees payable by such in-dividual as such a resident as of April 9, 2018. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 1431. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by section 1405 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and mainte-nance, $113,000,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense–Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of subsection (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so trans-ferred shall be treated as amounts author-ized and appropriated specifically for the purpose of such a transfer. (b) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS .—For the purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, con-sisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
SEC. 1432. ECONOMICAL AND EFFICIENT OPER-ATION OF WORKING CAPITAL FUND ACTIVITIES. 
Section 2208(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The accomplishment of the most eco-nomical and efficient organization and oper-ation of working capital fund activities for the purposes of paragraph (1) shall include actions toward the following: ‘‘(A) The implementation of a workload plan that optimizes the efficiency of the workforce operating within a working cap-ital fund activity and reduces the rate struc-ture. ‘‘(B) Encouraging a working capital fund activity to perform reimbursable work for other entities to sustain the efficient use of the workforce. ‘‘(C) Determining the appropriate leader-ship level for approving work from outside entities to maximize efficiency.’’. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorizations of Appropriations SEC. 1501. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to authorize appropriations for the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2019 to provide addi-tional funds for overseas contingency oper-ations being carried out by the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 1502. OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment of Defense for overseas contingency op-erations in such amounts as may be des-ignated as provided in section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(ii)). 
SEC. 1503. PROCUREMENT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement accounts for the Army, the Navy and the Ma-rine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
SEC. 1504. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
SEC. 1505. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for oper-ation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4302. 
SEC. 1506. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for ex-penses, not otherwise provided for, for mili-tary personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
SEC. 1507. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agen-cies of the Department of Defense for pro-viding capital for working capital and re-volving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1508. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter- Drug Activities, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1509. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Office of the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Defense, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1510. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3121 June 6, 2018 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1521. TREATMENT AS ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-IZATIONS. 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by this title are in addition to amounts oth-erwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
SEC. 1522. SPECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Sec-retary may transfer amounts of authoriza-tions made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2019 be-tween any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of au-thorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may not exceed $3,500,000,000. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers under this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. (c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer authority provided by this section is in addi-tion to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 1531. JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT ORGANIZATION. 
(a) U SE AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsections (b) and (c) of section 1514 of the John Warner National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2439), as in ef-fect before the amendments made by section 1503 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Pub-lic Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4649), shall apply to amounts made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for the Joint Improvised-Threat Defeat Organization. (2) R
EFERENCES TO JOINT IMPROVISED EXPLO -
SIVE DEVICE DEFEAT FUND .—In the applica-tion of paragraph (1) to the use of funds de-scribed in that paragraph in fiscal year 2019, any reference in the subsections referred to in that paragraph to the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund shall be deemed to be a reference to the Joint Impro-vised-Threat Defeat Organization. (b) I
NTERDICTION OF IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE  D
EVICE PRECURSOR CHEMICALS .— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of De-fense by this Act for the Joint Improvised- Threat Defeat Organization, $15,000,000 may be made available to the Secretary of De-fense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide training, equipment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of foreign governments that the Sec-retary of Defense has identified as critical for countering the flow of improvised explo-sive device precursor chemicals. (2) P
ROVISION THROUGH OTHER UNITED  
STATES AGENCIES .—If jointly agreed upon by the Secretary of Defense and the head of an-other department or agency of the United States Government, the Secretary of Defense may transfer amounts made available under paragraph (1) to such department or agency for the provision by such department or agency of training, equipment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of foreign governments as described in that paragraph. (3) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—None of the funds made available under paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended to supply training, equipment, supplies, or services to a foreign country before the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, has submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a notice that includes each of the fol-lowing: (A) The name of the foreign country for which training, equipment, supplies, or serv-ices are proposed to be supplied. (B) A description of the training, equip-ment, supplies, and services to be provided to such foreign country using such funds. (C) A detailed description of the amounts proposed to be obligated or expended to sup-ply such training, equipment, supplies, or services, including— (i) any amounts proposed to be obligated or expended to support the participation of a department or agency of the United States Government other than the Department of Defense; and (ii) a description of the training, equip-ment, supplies, or services proposed to be supplied. (D) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the efforts of such foreign country to counter the flow of improvised explosive de-vice precursor chemicals. (E) An overall plan for countering the flow of precursor chemicals in such foreign coun-try. (4) EXPIRATION .—The authority provided by this subsection expires on December 31, 2019. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1601. MODIFICATIONS TO SPACE RAPID CA-PABILITIES OFFICE. 
Section 2273a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘joint’’; (2) in subsection (b), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Department of Defense Execu-tive Agent for Space’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of the Air Force’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) to rapidly develop and field new classi-fied space capabilities.’’; and (4) by striking subsections (d) through (g) and inserting the following new subsections (d) through (f): ‘‘(d) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The acquisi-tion activities of the Office shall be subject to the following: ‘‘(1) The Secretary of the Air Force shall designate the acquisition executive of the Office, who shall provide streamlined acqui-sition authority for any project of the Office. ‘‘(2) The Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System process shall not apply to any acquisition by the Office. ‘‘(3) The Joint Force Space Component of the United States Strategic Command shall establish, validate, and prioritize program requirements. ‘‘(e) R
EQUIRED PROGRAM ELEMENT .— ‘‘(1) The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure, within budget program elements for space programs, that— ‘‘(A) there are separate, dedicated program elements for unclassified and classified ac-tivities relating to space rapid capabilities; and ‘‘(B) the Office executes the responsibil-ities of the Office through those program ele-ments. ‘‘(2) The Office shall manage the program elements required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) BOARD OF DIRECTORS .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall establish for the Office a Board of Directors (to be known as the ‘Space Rapid Capabilities Board of Direc-tors’) to provide coordination, oversight, and approval of projects for the Office.’’. 
SEC. 1602. SPACE WARFIGHTING POLICY AND RE-VIEW OF SPACE CAPABILITIES. 
(a) S PACE WARFIGHTING POLICY .—Not later than March 29, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a space warfighting policy. (b) R
EVIEW OF SPACE CAPABILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a review relating to the national secu-rity space enterprise that evaluates the fol-lowing: (A) The resiliency of the national security space enterprise with respect to a conflict. (B) The ability of the national security space enterprise to attribute an attack on a space system in a timely manner. (C) The ability of the United States— (i) to resolve a conflict in space; and (ii) to determine the material means by which such conflict may be resolved. (D) The ability of the national security space enterprise— (i) to defend against aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; (ii) to defeat any adversary that dem-onstrates aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; (iii) to deter aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; and (iv) to develop a declassification strategy, if required to demonstrate deterrence. (E) The effectiveness and efficiency of the national security space enterprise to rapidly research, develop, acquire, and deploy space capabilities and capacities— (i) to deter and defend United States na-tional security space assets; and (ii) to respond to any new threat to such space assets. (F) The current organizational structure of the national security space enterprise with respect to roles, responsibilities, and au-thorities. (G) Any emerging space threat the Sec-retary expects the United States to confront during the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (H) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 29, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the findings of the review under paragraph (1). (B) F
ORM.—The report under subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1603. REPORT ON ENHANCEMENTS TO THE GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that identifies whether the current Global Positioning System Operational Control Segment (OCS) can be incrementally im-proved to achieve capabilities similar to the Next Generation Operational Control Seg-ment (OCX) used to operate the Global Posi-tioning System III. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A cybersecurity review of both OCS and OCX to determine the specific cybersecurity improvements needed to operate the system through 2030, including— (A) the cybersecurity improvements to OCS needed to match the cybersecurity ca-pabilities that OCX is intended to provide; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3122 June 6, 2018 
(B) any additional OCS cybersecurity pro-tections needed beyond those OCX is in-tended to provide; and (C) any additional OCX cybersecurity pro-tections needed beyond those for which OCX is currently contracted. (2) An incremental development plan for OCS, including— (A) the number of additional incremental upgrades needed to achieve capabilities simi-lar to OCX, including a discussion of— (i) any additional capabilities needed; (ii) the specific capabilities in each up-grade; (iii) the duration of each upgrade; and (iv) a full schedule to complete all up-grades; (B) the estimated cost for each incre-mental OCS upgrade; and (C) the total estimated cost across fiscal years for all OCS upgrades to achieve capa-bilities similar to OCX and any additional capabilities. (3) The date by which the Department of Defense would have to begin contracting for each incremental OCS upgrade to ensure availability of OCS for the Global Posi-tioning System III. (4) A comparison of current improvements to OCS that are underway, and additional OCS incremental improvements described under paragraph 2, to the program of record OCX capabilities, including— (A) the acquisition and sustainment cost by fiscal year through fiscal year 2030 for OCS and OCX; (B) a comparison schedule between OCS (including incremental improvements de-scribed under paragraph 2) and OCX that identifies the delivery dates and capability delivered; and (C) the cost and schedule required to pro-vide OCX with any additional needed capa-bilities that are now required and not cur-rently in the program of record. 
SEC. 1604. STREAMLINE OF COMMERCIAL SPACE LAUNCH OPERATIONS. 
Section 1617 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1106; 51 U.S.C. 50918 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) S
TREAMLINING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any li-censed activity under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may not impose any requirement on a li-censee or transferee that is duplicative of, or overlaps in intent with, any requirement im-posed by the Secretary of Transportation under that chapter. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation under subpara-graph (A) if the Secretary determines that imposing a requirement described in that subparagraph is necessary to avoid negative consequences for the national security space program.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF LAW.—Nothing in this sec-tion limits the ability of the Secretary of Defense to consult with the Secretary of Transportation with respect to requirements and approvals under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 1605. REUSABLE LAUNCH VEHICLES. 
(a) R EUSABILITY .—The Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle Program shall be designated as the ‘‘National Security Space Launch Program’’. (b) R
EFERENCE TO EVOLVED EXPENDABLE  L
AUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM .—Any reference in any law, regulation, guidance, instruction, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States to the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle Program shall be deemed to be a reference to the National Security Space Launch Program. (c) POLICY .—In carrying out the policy set forth in section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall pursue a strategy that includes fully or partially re-usable launch systems. (d) C
ERTIFICATION STRATEGY .—The Sec-retary shall continue to develop a process to evaluate and certify launch vehicles using previously flown components or systems for national security space launch. (e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not less than 60 days before the date on which a solic-itation for procurement of space launch serv-ices is issued, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port that sets forth— (1) a determination with respect to wheth-er launch vehicles using previously flown components, or systems or with components or systems that are intended to be reused, that could otherwise meet mission require-ments are eligible for award; and (2) in the case of a determination that such launch vehicles shall not be eligible for award, a justification with respect to the reason for ineligibility. 
SEC. 1606. REVIEW OF AND REPORT ON ACTIVI-TIES OF INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) in coordination with the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration, complete a review of each pro-gram, activity, and future technology re-search project of the Department of Defense being carried out on the International Space Station as of that date; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that describes the re-sults of the review under paragraph (1). (b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-related Activities 
SEC. 1611. FRAMEWORK ON GOVERNANCE, MIS-SION MANAGEMENT, RESOURCING, AND EFFECTIVE OVERSIGHT OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE COMBAT SUPPORT AGENCIES THAT ARE ALSO ELEMENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) F RAMEWORK REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with sec-tion 105 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3038), section 193 of title 10, United States Code, and section 1018 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458; 50 U.S.C. 3023 note), the Secretary of Defense shall develop and codify in policy a framework and sup-porting processes within the Department of Defense to help ensure that the missions, roles, and functions of the Combat Support Agencies (CSA) of the Department of Defense that are also elements of the intelligence community (IC), and other intelligence com-ponents of the Department, are appro-priately balanced and resourced. (2) S
COPE.—The framework shall include a consistent, repeatable process for regular re-evaluation of the responsibilities and re-source profiles of the elements described in paragraph (1) for purposes of preventing im-balances in priorities, insufficient or mis-aligned resources, and mission creep. (b) ELEMENTS .—The framework required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A lexicon of relevant terms used by the Department of Defense to ensure consistent definitions are used in determinations about the balance described in subsection (a)(1), which lexicon shall reconcile and codify jointly-used definitions. (2) A reevaluation of the intelligence com-ponents of the Department, including the Joint Intelligence Centers and Joint Intel-ligence Operations Centers within the com-batant commands, in order to determine which components should be formally des-ignated as part of the intelligence commu-nity and any components not so designated conform to relevant tradecraft standards. (3) A repeatable Department process for evaluating the addition, transfer, or elimi-nation of defense intelligence missions, roles, and functions, currently or to be per-formed by elements described in subsection (a)(1), which process shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A justification for any proposed addi-tion, transfer, or elimination of a mission, role, or function. (B) The identification of the elements in the Federal Government, if any, that cur-rently perform the mission, role, or function concerned. (C) For any proposed addition of a mission, role, or function, an assessment of the most appropriate element of the Department to assume it, taking into account current re-source profiles, scope of existing responsibil-ities, primary customers, and infrastructure necessary to support the addition. (D) For any proposed addition of transfer of a mission, role, or function— (i) a determination of the appropriate re-source profile for such mission, role, or func-tion; and (ii) the identification, in writing, for the Department elements concerned of the re-sources anticipated to be needed and source of such resources within the future-years de-fense program in effect at the time of the proposed addition or transfer. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the framework required by subsection (a). (d) P
OLICY .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth the policy that codifies the framework required by subsection (a). (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. Subtitle C—Cyberspace-related Matters PART I—CYBERSPACE GENERALLY 
SEC. 1621. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES ON CYBERSPACE, CYBERSECURITY, CYBER WARFARE, AND CYBER DE-TERRENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall be the policy of the United States, with respect to matters pertaining to cyberspace, cybersecurity, and cyber warfare, that the United States should employ all instruments of national power, including the use of offensive cyber capabili-ties, to deter if possible, and respond when necessary, to any and all cyber attacks or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3123 June 6, 2018 
other malicious cyber activities that target United States interests with the intent to— (1) cause casualties among United States persons or persons of our allies; (2) significantly disrupt the normal func-tioning of United States democratic society or government (including attacks against critical infrastructure that could damage systems used to provide key services to the public or government); (3) threaten the command and control of the United States Armed Forces, the free-dom of maneuver of the United States Armed Forces, or the industrial base or other infra-structure on which the United States Armed Forces rely to defend United States interests and commitments; or (4) achieve an effect, whether individually or in aggregate, comparable to an armed at-tack or imperil a vital interest of the United States. (b) R
ESPONSE OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a), the United States shall plan, develop, and demonstrate response options to address the full range of potential cyber attacks on United States in-terests that could be conducted by potential adversaries of the United States. (c) D
ENIAL OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through re-sponse options developed pursuant to sub-section (b), the United States shall, to the greatest extent practicable, prioritize the de-fensibility and resiliency against cyber at-tacks and malicious cyber activities de-scribed in subsection (a) of infrastructure critical to the political integrity, economic security, and national security of the United States. (d) C
OST-IMPOSITION OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall de-velop and demonstrate, or otherwise make known to adversaries of the existence of, cyber capabilities to impose costs on any for-eign power targeting the United States or United States persons with a cyber attack or malicious cyber activity described in sub-section (a). (e) M
ULTI-PRONG RESPONSE .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall— (1) devote immediate and sustained atten-tion to boosting the cyber resilience of crit-ical United States strike systems (including cyber, nuclear, and non-nuclear systems) in order to ensure the United States can credibly threaten to impose unacceptable costs in response to even the most sophisti-cated large-scale cyber attack; (2) develop offensive cyber capabilities and specific plans and strategies to put at risk targets most valued by adversaries of the United States and their key decision makers; (3) enhance attribution capabilities to re-duce the time required to positively at-tribute an attack with high confidence; and (4) develop intelligence and offensive cyber capabilities to detect, disrupt, and poten-tially expose malicious cyber activities. (f) P
OLICIES RELATING TO OFFENSIVE CYBER  C
APABILITIES AND SOVEREIGNTY .—It is the policy of the United States that, when a cyber attack or malicious cyber activity transits or otherwise relies upon the net-works or infrastructure of a third country— (1) the United States shall, to the greatest extent practicable, notify and encourage the government of that country to take action to eliminate the threat; and (2) if the government is unable or unwilling to take action, the United States reserves the right to act unilaterally (with the con-sent of that government if possible, but without such consent if necessary). (g) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense has the authority to develop, prepare, co-ordinate, and, when appropriately authorized to do so, conduct military cyber operations in response to cyber attacks and malicious cyber activities described in subsection (a) that are carried out against the United States or United States persons by a foreign power. (2) D
ELEGATION OF ADDITIONAL AUTHORI -
TIES.—The Secretary may delegate to the Commander of the United States Cyber Com-mand such authorities of the Secretaries of the military departments, including authori-ties relating to manning, training, and equipping, that the Secretary considers ap-propriate. (3) U
SE OF DELEGATED AUTHORITIES .—The use by the Commander of the United States Cyber Command of any authority delegated to the Commander pursuant to this sub-section shall be subject to the authority, di-rection, and control of the Secretary. (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the authority of the President or Congress to au-thorize the use of military force. (h) F
OREIGN POWER DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘foreign power’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
SEC. 1622. AFFIRMING THE AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE TO CON-DUCT MILITARY ACTIVITIES AND OP-ERATIONS IN CYBERSPACE. 
Section 130g of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) A
FFIRMATION OF AUTHORITY .—(1) Con- gress affirms that the Secretary of Defense may conduct military activities or oper-ations in cyberspace, including clandestine military activities or operations in cyber-space, to defend the United States and allies and interests of the United States, including in response to malicious cyber activity car-ried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign power. ‘‘(2) Congress affirms that the authority referred to in paragraph (1) includes the con-duct of military activities or operations in cyberspace short of war and in areas outside of named areas of conflict for the purpose of preparation of the environment, influence, force protection, and deterrence of hos-tilities, or counterterrorism operations in-volving the armed forces of the United States. ‘‘(c) C
LANDESTINE ACTIVITIES OR OPER-
ATIONS .—A clandestine military activity or operation in cyberspace shall be considered a traditional military activity for the purposes of section 503(e)(2) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093(e)(2)). ‘‘(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—The Sec- retary shall brief the congressional defense committees about any military activities or operations in cyberspace, including clandes-tine military activities or operations in cyberspace, occurring during the previous quarter during the quarterly briefing re-quired by section 484 of this title. ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to conduct mili-tary activities or operations in cyberspace, including clandestine activities or oper-ations in cyberspace, or to alter or otherwise affect the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541–1548), the Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note), or reporting of sensitive military cyber activities or operations required by section 130j of this title. ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘clandestine military activ-ity or operation in cyberspace’ means a mili-tary activity or operation carried out in cyberspace, or associated preparatory ac-tions, authorized by the President or the Secretary that— ‘‘(A) is marked by, held in, or conducted with secrecy, where the intent is that the ac-tivity or operation will not be apparent or acknowledged publicly; and ‘‘(B) is to be carried out— ‘‘(i) as part of a military operation plan ap-proved by the President or the Secretary in anticipation of hostilities or as directed by the President or the Secretary against— ‘‘(I) adversaries (as defined by the National Security Strategy); or ‘‘(II) other emergent national security threats; ‘‘(ii) to deter, safeguard, or defend against attacks or malicious cyber activities against the United States or Department of Defense information, networks, systems, installa-tions, facilities, or other assets; or ‘‘(iii) in support of other information re-lated capabilities such as military deception and psychological operations. ‘‘(2) The term ‘foreign power’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). ‘‘(3) The term ‘United States person’ has the meaning given such term in such sec-tion.’’; and (3) in subsection (a), as designated by para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘(as’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘))’’. 
SEC. 1623. ACTIVE DEFENSE AND SURVEILLANCE AGAINST RUSSIAN FEDERATION AT-TACKS IN CYBERSPACE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO DISRUPT , DEFEAT , AND D
ETER CYBER ATTACKS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the event that the Na-tional Command Authority determines that the Russian Federation is conducting an ac-tive, systematic, and ongoing campaign of attacks against the government or people of the United States in cyberspace, the Na-tional Command Authority may authorize the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, acting through the Cyber Mission Forces assigned to the United States Cyber Command, to take appropriate and propor-tional action in cyberspace to disrupt, de-feat, and deter such attacks under the au-thority and policy of the Secretary of De-fense to conduct cyber operations and infor-mation operations as traditional military activities. (2) N
OTIFICATION AND REPORTING .— (A) N
OTIFICATION OF OPERATIONS .—IN exer- cising the authority provided in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide notices to the congressional defense committees in accord-ance with section 130(f) of title 10, United States Code. (B) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS BY COMMANDER OF  
THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In any fiscal year in which the Commander of the United States Cyber Command carries out an action under para-graph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall, not less frequently than quarterly, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the actions of the Commander under such paragraph in such fiscal year. (ii) M
ANNER OF REPORTING .—Reports sub-mitted under clause (i) shall be submitted in a manner that is consistent with the recur-ring quarterly report required by section 484 of title 10, United States Code. (b) S
URVEILLANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Commander of the United States Cyber Command and the cyber mis-sion forces of such command, may conduct surveillance in networks outside the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3124 June 6, 2018 
States of personnel and organizations en-gaged at the behest or in support of the Rus-sian Federation in— (A) stealing and releasing confidential in-formation from United States persons or supporting organizations who are cam-paigning for public office; (B) generating and planting information and narratives, including the purchase of ad-vertisements, in social and other media in-tended to mislead, sharpen social and polit-ical conflicts, or otherwise manipulate per-ceptions and opinions of the people of the United States; (C) creating networks of subverted com-puters and associated false accounts on so-cial media platforms for the purpose of spreading and amplifying the impact of in-formation and narratives intended to mis-lead, sharpen social and political conflicts, or otherwise manipulate perceptions and opinions of the people of the United States; and (D) developing or using cyber capabilities— (i) to disable, disrupt, or destroy critical infrastructure of the United States; or (ii) to cause— (I) casualties among United States persons or persons of allies of the United States; (II) significant damage to private or public property; (III) significant economic disruption; (IV) an effect, whether individually or in aggregate, comparable to that of an armed attack or one that imperils a vital national security interest of the United States; or (V) significant disruption of the normal functioning of United States democratic so-ciety or government, including attacks against or incidents involving critical infra-structure that could damage systems used to provide key services to the public or govern-ment. (2) P
RIVATE SECTOR COOPERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make arrangements, directly or through other gov-ernment organizations, with private sector media representatives and organizations, in-cluding social media companies, on a vol-untary basis, using the results of the surveil-lance under paragraph (1) to assist in the identification of such malicious individuals and organizations and associated false or counterfeit accounts created on social media platforms. (B) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary may grant such security clearances to individuals of media organizations as the Secretary con-siders necessary and appropriate to share evidence that supports the Secretary’s con-clusions regarding the individuals and orga-nizations engaged in the activities described in paragraph (1). (c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees and the congressional intelligence commit-tees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) a report on— (1) the scope and intensity of the Russian Federation’s information operations and at-tacks through cyberspace against the gov-ernment or people of the United States ob-served by the cyber mission forces of the United States Cyber Command and the Na-tional Security Agency; (2) adjustments of the Department of De-fense in the response directed or rec-ommended by the Secretary with respect to such operations and attacks; and (3) whether the authorities under sub-sections (a) and (b) should be expanded to in-clude other foreign powers, such as the Is-lamic Republic of Iran and the People’s Re-public of China. SEC. 1624. REORGANIZATION AND CONSOLIDA-TION OF CERTAIN CYBER PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by transferring sections 130g, 130j, and 130k to chapter 19; and (2) in chapter 19, by redesignating sections 130g, 130j, and 130k, as transferred by sub-paragraph (A), as sections 394, 395, and 396, respectively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 108(m) of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1507(m)) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 130g’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 394’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—(1) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 130g, 130j, and 130k. (2) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 19 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘394. Authorities concerning military cyber operations. ‘‘395. Notification requirements for sensitive military cyber operations. ‘‘396. Notification requirements for cyber weapons.’’. 
SEC. 1625. DESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL FOR MAT-TERS RELATING TO INTEGRATING CYBERSECURITY AND INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS WITHIN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF INTEGRATING OFFI-
CIAL.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate one official to be responsible for matters relating to inte-grating cybersecurity and industrial control systems within the Department of Defense. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The official des-ignated pursuant to subsection (a) shall be responsible for matters described in such subsection at all levels of command, from the Department to the facility using indus-trial control systems, including developing Department-wide certification standards for integration of industrial control systems and taking into consideration frameworks set forth by the National Institute of Standards and Technology for the cybersecurity of such systems. 
SEC. 1626. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL MANUFAC-TURERS IN THE DEFENSE INDUS-TRIAL SUPPLY CHAIN ON MATTERS RELATING TO CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) D ISSEMINATION OF CYBERSECURITY RE-
SOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in consultation with the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, shall take such actions as may be necessary to enhance awareness of cyberse-curity threats among small manufacturers in the defense industrial supply chain. (2) P
RIORITY .—The Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering shall prioritize efforts to increase awareness to help reduce cybersecurity risks faced by small manufacturers described in paragraph (1). (3) S
ECTOR FOCUS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall carry out this subsection with a focus on such industry sectors as the Under Secretary considers critical. (4) O
UTREACH EVENTS .—Under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall conduct out-reach to support activities consistent with this section. Such outreach may include live events with a physical presence and outreach conducted through Internet websites. (b) V
OLUNTARY CYBERSECURITY SELF-AS-
SESSMENTS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall develop mechanisms to provide assistance to help small manufacturers conduct voluntary self- assessments in order to understand oper-ating environments, cybersecurity require-ments, and existing vulnerabilities, includ-ing through the Mentor Prote´ge´Program, small business programs, and engagements with defense laboratories and test ranges. (c) TRANSFER OF RESEARCH FINDINGS AND  E
XPERTISE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall promote the transfer of appropriate tech-nology and techniques developed in the De-partment of Defense to small manufacturers throughout the United States to implement security measures that are adequate to pro-tect covered defense information, including controlled unclassified information. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL EX -
PERTISE AND CAPABILITIES .—The Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing shall coordinate efforts, when appro-priate, with the expertise and capabilities that exist in Federal agencies and federally sponsored laboratories. (3) A
GREEMENTS .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering may enter into agreements with private industry, institutes of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal government to ensure breadth and depth of coverage to the United States defense industrial base and to leverage resources. (d) D
EFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE CYBER  T
RAINING PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-fense shall establish a cyber counseling cer-tification program, or approve a similar ex-isting program, to certify small business pro-fessionals and other relevant acquisition staff within the Department of Defense to provide cyber planning assistance to small manufacturers in the defense industrial sup-ply chain. (e) A
UTHORITIES .—In executing this pro-gram, the Secretary may use the following authorities: (1) The Manufacturing Technology Pro-gram established under section 2521 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership program under section 2368 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The Manufacturing Engineering Edu-cation Program established under section 2196 of title 10, United States Code. (4) The Small Business Innovation Re-search program. (5) The mentor-prote´ge´program. (6) Other legal authorities as the Secretary deems necessary for the effective and effi-cient execution of the program. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) R
ESOURCES .—The term ‘‘resources’’ means guidelines, tools, best practices, standards, methodologies, and other ways of providing information. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘‘small business concern’’ means a small business concern as that term is used in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (3) S
MALL MANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘small manufacturer’’ means a small busi-ness concern that is a manufacturer. (4) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, Territories, and posses-sions of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
SEC. 1627. MODIFICATION OF ACQUISITION AU-THORITY OF THE COMMANDER OF THE UNITED STATES CYBER COM-MAND. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON USE OF  C
YBER OPERATIONS PROCUREMENT FUND.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3125 June 6, 2018 
Subsection (e) of section 807 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000,000’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2025’’. (b) E
XTENSION ON SUNSET .—Subsection (i)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1628. EMAIL AND INTERNET WEBSITE SECU-RITY AND AUTHENTICATION. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF PLAN REQUIRED .— Except as provided by subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall develop and im-plement the plan outlined in Binding Oper-ational Directive 18–01, issued by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security on October 16, 2017, relating to email security and authen-tication and Internet website security, ac-cording to the schedule established by the Binding Operational Directive for the rest of the Executive Branch beginning with the date of enactment of this Act. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The actions required of the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a) in-clude the following: (1) The adoption of the START Transport Layer Security (STARTTLS) protocol for encryption. (2) Enforcement of Sender Policy Frame-work (SPF), Domain Keys Identified Mail (DKIM), and Domain-based Message Authen-tication, Reporting, and Conformance (DMARC) for email authentication. (3) Implementation of Hypertext Transfer Protocol Strict Transport Security (HSTS). (c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirements of subsection (a) if the Sec-retary submits to the congressional defense committees a certification that existing or planned security measures for the Depart-ment of Defense either meet or exceed the information security requirements of Bind-ing Operational Directive 18–01. (d) F
UTURE BINDING OPERATIONAL DIREC-
TIVES .—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall notify the con-gressional defense committees within 180 days of the issuance by the Secretary of Homeland Security after the date of the en-actment of this Act of any Binding Oper-ational Directive for cybersecurity whether the Department of Defense will comply with the Directive or how the Department of De-fense plans to meet or exceed the security objectives of the Directive. 
SEC. 1629. MATTERS PERTAINING TO THE SHARKSEER CYBERSECURITY PRO-GRAM. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PROGRAM .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall transfer the Sharkseer cybersecurity pro-gram from the National Security Agency to the Defense Information Systems Agency, including all associated funding and, as the Secretary considers necessary, personnel. (b) L
IMITATION ON FUNDING FOR THE INFOR -
MATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 or any subsequent fiscal year for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Information Systems Security Pro-gram for the National Security Agency, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or ex-pended unless the Principal Cyber Advisor certifies to the congressional defense com-mittees that the operations and maintenance funding for the Sharkseer program for fiscal year 2019 and the subsequent fiscal years of the current Future Years Defense Program are available or programmed. (c) S
HARKSEER BREAK AND INSPECT CAPA-
BILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the decryption capability described in section 1636 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is provided by the break and inspect subsystem of the Sharkseer cy-bersecurity program, unless the Principal Cyber Advisor notifies the congressional de-fense committees on or before the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that a superior enterprise solution will be operational before October 1, 2019. (2) INTEGRATION OF CAPABILITY .—The Sec- retary shall take such actions as are nec-essary to integrate the break and inspect subsystem of the Sharkseer cybersecurity program with the Department of Defense public key infrastructure. (d) V
ISIBILITY TO ENDPOINTS .—The Sec-retary shall take such actions as are nec-essary to enable, by October 1, 2020, the Sharkseer cybersecurity program and com-puter network defense service providers to instantly and automatically determine the specific identity and location of computer hosts and other endpoints that received or sent malware detected by the Sharkseer cy-bersecurity program or other network perim-eter defenses. (e) S
ANDBOX AS A SERVICE .—The Secretary shall use the Sharkseer cybersecurity pro-gram sandbox-as-a-service capability as an enterprise solution and terminate all other such projects, unless the Principal Cyber Ad-visor notifies the congressional defense com-mittees on or before the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that a superior enterprise solution will be operational before October 1, 2019. (f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  B
ANDWIDTH EXPANSION .—There is authorized to be appropriated $20,000,000 for procure-ment, defense-wide, for the Defense Informa-tion Systems Agency to increase the band-width of the Sharkseer cybersecurity pro-gram to match the bandwidth of communica-tions entering the Internet access points of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1630. PILOT PROGRAM ON MODELING AND SIMULATION IN SUPPORT OF MILI-TARY HOMELAND DEFENSE OPER-ATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH CYBER ATTACKS ON CRITICAL IN-FRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security shall carry out a pilot program that uses the results of research exercises of local government, industry, and military re-sponses to combined natural disasters and cyber attacks on critical infrastructure in order to identify and develop means of im-proving such responses to such combined dis-asters and attacks. (2) D
ISCHARGE .—The Assistant Secretary shall carry out the pilot program through the United States Northern Command and the United States Cyber Command. (3) R
ESEARCH EXERCISES .—The pilot pro-gram shall be based on lessons learned from the so-called ‘‘Jack Voltaic’’ research exer-cises conducted by the Army Cyber Insti-tute, industry partners of the Institute, and New York, New York, and Houston, Texas. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the pilot pro-gram shall be to accomplish the following: (1) The development and demonstration of risk analysis methodologies, and the applica-tion of commercial simulation and modeling capabilities, based on artificial intelligence and hyperscale cloud computing tech-nologies, for use by the Federal Govern-ments, States, and localities, as applicable— (A) to assess defense critical infrastructure vulnerabilities and interdependencies to im-prove military resiliency; (B) to determine the likely effectiveness of attacks described in subsection (a)(1), and countermeasures, tactics, and tools sup-porting responsive military homeland de-fense operations; (C) to train personnel in incident response; (D) to conduct exercises and test scenarios; and (E) to foster collaboration and learning be-tween and among departments and agencies of the Federal Government, State and local governments, and private entities respon-sible for critical infrastructure. (2) The development and demonstration of the foundations for establishing and main-taining a program of record for a shared high-fidelity, interactive, affordable, cloud- based modeling and simulation of critical in-frastructure systems and incident response capabilities that can simulate complex cyber and physical attacks and disruptions on indi-vidual and multiple sectors on national, re-gional, State, and local scales. (c) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the same time the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Assistant Secretary shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the pilot program. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the results of the exer-cises described in subsection (a)(3) and any other exercises conducted as part of the pilot program as of the date of the report. (B) A list of the cybersecurity units of the National Guard and Reserves, and a descrip-tion and assessment of the progress of the Assistant Secretary and the National Gov-ernors’ Association in promoting multi- State mutual assistance compacts to share resources with respect to combined natural disaster and cyber attacks described in sub-section (a)(1) as well as an assessment of how the National Guard’s ability to operate under dual jurisdictions and their existing relationships at the State and local level could be used in these types of events. (C) A description of the risk analysis meth-odologies and modeling and simulation capa-bilities developed and demonstrated pursu-ant to the pilot program, and an assessment of the potential for future growth of com-mercial technology in support of the home-land defense mission of the Department of Defense. (D) Such recommendations as the Sec-retary considers appropriate regarding the establishment of a program of record for the Department on further development and sustainment of risk analysis methodologies and advanced, large-scale modeling and sim-ulation on critical infrastructure and cyber warfare. (E) Lessons learned from the use of novel risk analysis methodologies and large-scale modeling and simulation carried out under the pilot program regarding vulnerabilities, required capabilities, and reconfigured force structure, coordination practices, and policy. (F) Planned steps for implementing the lessons described in subparagraph (E). (d) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by sec-tion 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Army and available for Advanced Concepts and Simulation (Pro-gram Element (62308A)), $10,000,000 may be available for the pilot program. 
SEC. 1631. SECURITY PRODUCT INTEGRATION FRAMEWORK. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Department of Defense requires a standard, enterprise-wide, security product integration framework (SPIF) that provides 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3126 June 6, 2018 
a machine-to-machine data exchange archi-tecture and protocol to achieve interoper-ability and automated orchestration and co-ordinated action between and among cyber-security services, devices, appliances, agents, applications, tools, and command and control centers. (2) Information security products and serv-ices need to be engineered to consume and act on information, direction, and cues from other security elements on a network through this framework. (3) A security product integration frame-work should ideally be non-proprietary or designed as a modular open system. (4) A security integration framework is es-sential to achieve the speed, scale, and agil-ity of response required for cyber warfare, and to reduce the cost and time needed to in-tegrate new products and services into the existing security environment. (b) D
EMONSTRATION PROGRAM .—The Prin-cipal Cyber Adviser, the Chief Information Officer, and the Commander of the United States Cyber Command shall select a net-work or network segment and associated computer network defense service provider to conduct a demonstration and evaluation of one or more existing security product in-tegration frameworks, including modifying network security systems to enable such sys-tems to ingest, publish, subscribe, tip and cue, and request information or services from each other. 
SEC. 1632. REPORT ON ENHANCEMENT OF SOFT-WARE SECURITY FOR CRITICAL SYS-TEMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Principal Cyber Adviser to the Secretary of Defense and the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the Department of Defense shall jointly submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on a study, based on the authorities specified in subsection (b), on the costs, benefits, technical merits, and other merits of applying the technology de-scribed in subsection (c) to the vulnerability assessment and remediation of the following: (1) Nuclear systems and nuclear command and control. (2) A critical subset of conventional power projection capabilities. (3) Cyber command and control. (4) Other defense critical infrastructure (b) B
ASIS FOR CONDUCT OF STUDY .—The study required for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted pursuant to the following: (1) Section 1640 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (2) Section 1650 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2224 note). (3) Section 1647 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1118). (c) T
ECHNOLOGIES .—The technologies de-scribed in this subsection are the following: (1) Technology developed and used by Com-bat Support Agencies of the Department of Defense to discover flaws and weaknesses in software code by inputting immense quan-tities of pseudo-random data (commonly re-ferred to as ‘‘fuzz’’) to identify inputs that cause the software to fail. (2) Cloud-based software fuzzing-as-a-serv-ice to continuously test the security of De-partment of Defense software repositories at large scale. (3) Formal programming and protocol lan-guage for software code development and other methods and tools developed under the High Assurance Cyber Military Systems pro-gram of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. (4) The binary analysis and symbolic exe-cution software security tools developed under the Cyber Grand Challenge of the De-fense Advanced Research Projects Agency. SEC. 1633. COMPLY TO CONNECT AND CYBERSE-CURITY SCORECARD. 
(a) L IMITATION .—After October 1, 2019, no funds may be obligated or expended to pre-pare the cybersecurity scorecard for the Sec-retary of Defense unless the Department of Defense is implementing a funded capability to meet the requirements— (1) established by the Chief Information Of-ficer and the Commander of United States Cyber Command pursuant to section 1653 of the National Defense Authorization for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note); and (2) set forth in the Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy, the Com-ply-to-Connect Strategy, the Enterprise Patch Management Service Strategy and Concept of Operations, and the User Activity Monitoring Strategy. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 10, 2019, the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report com-paring the current capabilities of the Depart-ment of Defense to— (1) the requirements described in sub-section (a); and (2) the capabilities deployed by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the General Services Administration under the Contin-uous Diagnostics and Mitigation program across the non-Department of Defense de-partments and agencies of the Federal Gov-ernment. (c) R
ISKTHRESHOLDS .—The Chief Informa-tion Officer of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the Principal Cyber Advi-sor, the Director of Operations of the Joint Staff, and the Commander of United States Cyber Command, shall establish risk thresh-olds for systems and network operations that, when exceeded, would trigger height-ened security measures, such as enhanced monitoring and access policy changes. (d) E
NTERPRISE GOVERNANCE , R ISK, AND C
OMPLIANCE PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer and the Prin-cipal Cyber Advisor shall develop a plan to implement an enterprise governance, risk, and compliance platform and process to maintain current status of all information and operational technology assets, vulnerabilities, threats, and mitigations. 
SEC. 1634. CYBERSPACE SOLARIUM COMMISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established a commission to develop a consensus on a stra-tegic approach to protecting the crucial ad-vantages of the United States in cyberspace against the attempts of adversaries to erode such advantages. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The commission estab-lished under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Cyberspace Solarium Commission’’ (in this section the ‘‘Commission’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) C
OMPOSITION .—(A) Subject to subpara-graph (B), the Commission shall be composed of 13 members, as follows: (i) The Principal Deputy Director of Na-tional Intelligence. (ii) The Deputy Secretary of Homeland Se-curity. (iii) The Deputy Secretary of Defense. (iv) Three members appointed by the ma-jority leader of the Senate, in consultation with the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, one of whom shall be a member of the Senate and two of whom shall not be. (v) Two members appointed by the minor-ity leader of the Senate, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, one of whom shall be a member of the Senate and one of whom shall not be. (vi) Three members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Chairman of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, one of whom shall be a member of the House of Representatives and two of whom shall not be. (vii) Two members appointed by the minor-ity leader of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, one of whom shall be a member of the House of Representatives and one of whom shall not be. (B)(i) The members of the Commission who are not members of Congress and who are ap-pointed under clauses (iv) through (vii) of subparagraph (A) shall be individuals who are nationally recognized for expertise, knowledge, or experience in— (I) cyber strategy or national-level strate-gies to combat long-term adversaries; (II) cyber technology and innovation; (III) use of intelligence information by na-tional policymakers and military leaders; or (IV) the implementation, funding, or over-sight of the national security policies of the United States. (ii) An official who appoints members of the Commission may not appoint an indi-vidual as a member of the Commission if, in the judgment of the official, such individual possesses any personal or financial interest in the discharge of any of the duties of the Commission. (iii) All members of the Commission de-scribed in clause (i) shall possess an appro-priate security clearance in accordance with applicable provisions of law concerning the handling of classified information. (2) CO-CHAIRS .—(A) The Commission shall have two co-chairs, selected from among the members of the Commission. (B) One co-chair of the Commission shall be a member of the Democratic Party, and one co-chair shall be a member of the Repub-lican Party. (C) The individuals who serve as the co- chairs of the Commission shall be jointly agreed upon by the President, the majority leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (c) A
PPOINTMENT ; INITIAL MEETING .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—Members of the Com-mission shall be appointed not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The Commission shall hold its initial meeting on or before the date that is 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (d) M
EETINGS ; QUORUM ; VACANCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—After its initial meeting, the Commission shall meet upon the call of the co-chairs of the Commission. (2) Q
UORUM .—Seven members of the Com-mission shall constitute a quorum for pur-poses of conducting business, except that two members of the Commission shall con-stitute a quorum for purposes of receiving testimony. (3) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-mission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. (4) Q
UORUM WITH VACANCIES .—If vacancies in the Commission occur on any day after 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, a quorum shall consist of a majority of the members of the Commission as of such day. (e) A
CTIONS OF COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall act by resolution agreed to by a majority of the members of the Commission voting and present. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3127 June 6, 2018 
(2) P ANELS .—The Commission may estab-lish panels composed of less than the full membership of the Commission for purposes of carrying out the duties of the Commission under this title. The actions of any such panel shall be subject to the review and con-trol of the Commission. Any findings and de-terminations made by such a panel shall not be considered the findings and determina-tions of the Commission unless approved by the Commission. (3) D
ELEGATION .—Any member, agent, or staff of the Commission may, if authorized by the co-chairs of the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take pursuant to this title. (f) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Commission are as follows: (1) To weigh the costs and benefits of var-ious strategic options to reach the goal of protecting the advantages described in sub-section (a)(1), including the political system of the United States, the national security industrial sector of the United States, and the innovation base of the United States. The options to be assessed should include de-terrence, norms-based regimes, and cyber persistence. (2) To review adversarial strategies and in-tentions, current programs for the protec-tion of advantages described in subsection (a)(1), and the capabilities of the Federal Government to understand if and how adver-saries are currently being deterred or thwarted in their aims and ambitions. (3) To evaluate the current allocation of resources for understanding adversarial strategies and intentions and protecting the advantages described in subsection (a)(1). (4) In weighing the options for protecting advantages as described in subsection (a)(1), to consider possible structures and authori-ties that need to be established, revised, or augmented within the Federal Government. (g) P
OWERS OF COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—(A) The Commission or, on the authorization of the Commission, any subcommittee or member thereof, may, for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this section— (i) hold such hearings and sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and administer such oaths; and (ii) require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, and documents, as the Commission or such des-ignated subcommittee or designated member considers necessary. (B) Subpoenas may be issued under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) under the signature of the co-chairs of the Commission, and may be served by any person designated by such co- chairs. (C) The provisions of sections 102 through 104 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (2 U.S.C. 192–194) shall apply in the case of any failure of a witness to comply with any subpoena or to testify when sum-moned under authority of this section. (2) C
ONTRACTING .—The Commission may, to such extent and in such amounts as are pro-vided in advance in appropriation Acts, enter into contracts to enable the Commission to discharge its duties under this title. (3) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (A) The Commission may secure directly from any executive department, agency, bu-reau, board, commission, office, independent establishment, or instrumentality of the Government information, suggestions, esti-mates, and statistics for the purposes of this title. (B) Each such department, agency, bureau, board, commission, office, establishment, or instrumentality shall, to the extent author-ized by law, furnish such information, sug-gestions, estimates, and statistics directly to the Commission, upon request of the co- chairs of the Commission. (C) The Commission shall handle and pro-tect all classified information provided to it under this section in accordance with appli-cable statutes and regulations. (4) ASSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (A) The Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Commission, on a nonreimbursable basis, such administrative services, funds, staff, fa-cilities, and other support services as are necessary for the performance of the Com-mission’s duties under this title. (B) The Director of National Intelligence may provide the Commission, on a nonreim-bursable basis, with such administrative services, staff, and other support services as the Commission may request. (C) In addition to the assistance set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2), other departments and agencies of the United States may pro-vide the Commission such services, funds, fa-cilities, staff, and other support as such de-partments and agencies consider advisable and as may be authorized by law. (D) The Commission shall receive the full and timely cooperation of any official, de-partment, or agency of the United States Government whose assistance is necessary for the fulfillment of the duties of the Com-mission under this title, including the provi-sion of full and current briefings and anal-yses. (5) P
ROHIBITION ON WITHHOLDING INFORMA -
TION.—No department or agency of the Gov-ernment may withhold information from the Commission on the grounds that providing the information to the Commission would constitute the unauthorized disclosure of classified information or information relat-ing to intelligence sources or methods. (6) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may use the United States postal services in the same manner and under the same condi-tions as the departments and agencies of the United States. (7) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-ices or property in carrying out its duties under this title. (h) S
TAFF OF COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—(A) The co-chairs of the Commission, in accordance with rules agreed upon by the Commission, shall appoint and fix the compensation of a staff director and such other personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its du-ties, without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appoint-ments in the competitive service, and with-out regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title re-lating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equiva-lent of that payable to a person occupying a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. (B) Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement from the Commission, and such detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of his or her regular employ-ment without interruption. (C) All staff of the Commission shall pos-sess a security clearance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations concerning the handling of classified information. (2) C
ONSULTANT SERVICES .—(A) The Com-mission may procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid a per-son occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title. (B) All experts and consultants employed by the Commission shall possess a security clearance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations concerning the handling of classified information. (i) COMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EXPENSES .— (1) C
OMPENSATION .—(A) Except as provided in paragraph (2), each member of the Com-mission may be compensated at not to ex-ceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day during which that member is engaged in the actual performance of the duties of the Commission under this title. (B) Members of the Commission who are officers or employees of the United States or Members of Congress shall receive no addi-tional pay by reason of their service on the Commission. (2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—While away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commis-sion, members of the Commission may be al-lowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Gov-ernment service are allowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (j) T
REATMENT OF INFORMATION RELATING  
TONATIONAL SECURITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—(A) The Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall assume responsi-bility for the handling and disposition of any information related to the national security of the United States that is received, consid-ered, or used by the Commission under this title. (B) Any information related to the na-tional security of the United States that is provided to the Commission by a congres-sional intelligence committees or the con-gressional armed services committees may not be further provided or released without the approval of the chairman of such com-mittees. (2) A
CCESS AFTER TERMINATION OF COMMIS -
SION.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, after the termination of the Commis-sion under subsection (k)(2), only the mem-bers and designated staff of the congres-sional intelligence committees, the Director of National Intelligence (and the designees of the Director), and such other officials of the executive branch as the President may des-ignate shall have access to information re-lated to the national security of the United States that is received, considered, or used by the Commission. (k) F
INAL REPORT ; TERMINATION .— (1) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than Sep-tember 1, 2019, the Commission shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the congressional intelligence committees, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security a final report on the findings of the Commission. (2) T
ERMINATION .—(A) The Commission, and all the authorities of this section, shall terminate at the end of the 120-day period beginning on the date on which the final re-port under paragraph (1) is submitted to the congressional defense and intelligence com-mittees. (B) The Commission may use the 120-day period referred to in paragraph (1) for the purposes of concluding its activities, includ-ing providing testimony to Congress con-cerning the final report referred to in that paragraph and disseminating the report. (l) A
SSESSMENTS OF FINAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after receipt of the final report under subsection (k)(1), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3128 June 6, 2018 
Defense shall each submit to the congres-sional intelligence committees and the con-gressional defense committees an assessment by the Director or the Secretary, as the case may be, of the final report. Each assessment shall include such comments on the findings and recommendations contained in the final report as the Director or Secretary, as the case may be, considers appropriate. (m) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN ADMINIS -
TRATIVE PROVISIONS .— (1) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT .— The provisions of the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the activities of the Commission under this section. (2) F
REEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT .—The pro- visions of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), shall not apply to the activities, records, and proceedings of the Commission under this section. (n) F
UNDING .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $4,000,000 to carry out this section. (2) A
VAILABILITY IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall make available to the Commission such amounts as the Commission may require for purposes of the activities of the Commission under this section. (3) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts made available to the Commission under paragraph (2) shall remain available until ex-pended. (o) C
ONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means— (1) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1635. PROGRAM TO ESTABLISH CYBER IN-STITUTES AT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program to es-tablish a Cyber Institute at institutions of higher learning selected under subsection (b) for purposes of accelerating and focusing the development of foundational expertise in critical cyber operational skills for future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces and the Department of Defense, in-cluding such leaders of the reserve compo-nents. (b) S
ELECTED INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER  L
EARNING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall select institutions of higher learning for purposes of the program established under subsection (a) from among institutions of higher learning that have a Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps program. (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF SENIOR MILITARY COL -
LEGES .—In selecting institutions of higher learning under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the senior military colleges with Reserve Officers’ Training Corps pro-grams. (c) E
LEMENTS .—Each institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Programs to provide future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces or the Department of Defense who possess cyber operational expertise from beginning through advanced skill levels. Such pro-grams shall include instruction and practical experiences that lead to recognized certifi-cations and degrees in the cyber field. (2) Programs of targeted strategic foreign language proficiency training for such future leaders that— (A) are designed to significantly enhance critical cyber operational capabilities; and (B) are tailored to current and anticipated readiness requirements. (3) Programs related to mathematical foundations of cryptography and courses in cryptographic theory and practice designed to complement and reinforce cyber edu-cation along with the strategic language pro-grams critical to cyber operations. (4) Programs related to data science and courses in data science theory and practice designed to complement and reinforce cyber education along with the strategic language programs critical to cyber operations. (5) Programs designed to develop early in-terest and cyber talent through summer pro-grams, dual enrollment opportunities for cyber, strategic language, data science, and cryptography related courses. (6) Training and education programs to ex-pand the pool of qualified cyber instructors necessary to support cyber education in re-gional school systems. (d) PARTNERSHIPS WITH DEPARTMENT OF  D
EFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES .—Any insti-tute established under the program author-ized by subsection (a) may enter into a part-nership with one or more components of the Armed Forces, active or reserve, or any agency of the Department of Defense to fa-cilitate the development of critical cyber skills for students who may pursue a mili-tary career. (e) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—Any institute estab-lished under the program authorized by sub-section (a) may enter into a partnership with one or more local educational agencies to fa-cilitate the development of critical cyber skills. (f) S
ENIOR MILITARY COLLEGES DEFINED .— The term ‘‘senior military colleges’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2111a(f) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1636. ESTABLISHMENT OF CYBERSECURITY FOR DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE MANUFACTURING ACTIVITY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may, in consultation with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, establish an activity to assess and strengthen the cybersecurity resiliency of the defense industrial base of the United States. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The activity that may be established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Cybersecurity for Defense In-dustrial Base Manufacturing Activity’’. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—If the Secretary of Defense exercises the authority under subsection (a), the Secretary shall utilize the activity to ex-plore ways to increase the cybersecurity re-silience of the defense industrial supply chain. Such exploration may include the fol-lowing: (1) Developing cybersecurity test capabili-ties to support identifying and reducing se-curity vulnerabilities (as defined in section 102 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501)) in defense indus-trial base manufacturing processes. (2) Developing in-person and online train-ing to help small defense industrial base manufacturers improve their cybersecurity. (3) Ensuring that cybersecurity for defense industrial base manufacturing is included in Department of Defense research and develop-ment roadmaps and threat assessments. (4) Aggregating, developing, and dissemi-nating capabilities to address cybersecurity threats that can be provided to and adopted by defense industrial base manufacturers of all sizes. PART II—MITIGATION OF RISKS POSED BY PROVIDERS OF INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY WITH OBLIGATIONS TO FOR-EIGN GOVERNMENTS 
SEC. 1637. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—The term ‘‘appropriate commit-tees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives. (2) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given such term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. (3) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘national security system’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3552(b) of title 44, United States Code. 
SEC. 1638. IDENTIFICATION OF COUNTRIES OF CONCERN REGARDING CYBERSECU-RITY. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF COUNTRIES OF CON-
CERN .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall create a prioritized list of countries of concern regarding cybersecurity based on information relating to the fol-lowing: (1) A foreign government’s engagement in acts of violence against personnel of the United States or coalition forces. (2) A foreign government’s willingness and record of providing financing, logistics, training or intelligence to other persons, countries or entities posing a force protec-tion or cybersecurity risk to the personnel, financial systems, critical infrastructure, or information systems of the United States or coalition forces. (3) A foreign government’s engagement in foreign intelligence activities against the United States. (4) A foreign government’s direct or indi-rect participation in transnational organized crime or criminal activity. (5) A foreign government’s ability and in-tent to conduct operations to affect the sup-ply chain of the United States Government. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the list created pursuant to subsection (a) and any accompanying analysis that contributed to the creation of the list. 
SEC. 1639. MITIGATION OF RISKS TO NATIONAL SECURITY POSED BY PROVIDERS OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROD-UCTS AND SERVICES WHO HAVE OB-LIGATIONS TO FOREIGN GOVERN-MENTS. 
(a) D ISCLOSURE REQUIRED .—The Depart-ment of Defense may not use a product, serv-ice, or system relating to information or operational technology, cybersecurity, an in-dustrial control system, a weapons system, or computer antivirus provided by a person unless that person discloses to the Secretary of Defense the following: (1) Whether the person has allowed a for-eign government to review or access the code of a product, system, or service custom-de-veloped for the Department, or is under any obligation to allow a foreign person or gov-ernment to review or access the code of a product, system, or service custom-devel-oped for the Department as a condition of entering into an agreement for sale or other transaction with a foreign government or with a foreign person on behalf of such a gov-ernment. (2) Whether the person has allowed a for-eign government listed in section 1638(a) to review or access the source code of a prod-uct, system, or service that the Department is using or intends to use, or is under any ob-ligation to allow a foreign person or govern-ment to review or access the source code of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3129 June 6, 2018 
a product, system, or service that the De-partment is using or intends to use as a con-dition of entering into an agreement for sale or other transaction with a foreign govern-ment or with a foreign person on behalf of such a government. (3) In a case in which the person is a United States person or an affiliate of a United States person, whether or not the person holds or has sought a license pursuant to the Export Administration Regulations under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, the Inter-national Traffic in Arms Regulations under subchapter M of chapter I of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations, or successor regula-tions, for information technology products, components, software, or services that con-tain code custom-developed for the product, system, or service the Department is using or intends to use. (b) P
OSTPROCUREMENT .—Procurement con-tracts for covered products or systems shall include a clause requiring the information contained in subsection (a) be disclosed dur-ing the period of the contract if an entity be-comes aware of information requiring disclo-sure as per that section, including any miti-gation measures taken or anticipated. (c) M
ITIGATION OF RISKS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If, after reviewing a dis-closure made by a person under subsection (a), the Secretary determines that the dis-closure relating to a product, system, or service entails a risk to the national secu-rity infrastructure or data of the United States, or any national security system under the control of the Department, the Secretary shall take such measures as the Secretary considers appropriate to mitigate such risks, including, as the Secretary con-siders appropriate, by conditioning any agreement for the use, procurement, or ac-quisition of the product, system, or service on the inclusion of enforceable conditions or requirements that would mitigate such risks. (2) T
HIRD-PARTY TESTING STANDARD .—Not later than two years after the date of the en-actment of this Act the Secretary shall de-velop such third-party testing standard as the Secretary considers acceptable for com-mercial off the shelf (COTS) products, sys-tems, or services to use when dealing with foreign governments. (d) E
XEMPTION OF DISCLOSURES FROMFREE-
DOM OF INFORMATION ACT.—A disclosure under subsection (a) shall not be subject to section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), or any other similar pro-vision of Federal or State law requiring the disclosure of information to the public. 
SEC. 1640. ESTABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY OF DIS-CLOSURES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY .—Not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall— (1) establish within the operational capa-bilities of the Committee for National Secu-rity Systems (CNSS) or within such other agency as the Secretary considers appro-priate a registry containing the information disclosed under section 1639; and (2) upon request, make such information available to any agency conducting a pro-curement pursuant to the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulations or the Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulations. (b) E
XEMPTION OF REGISTRY FROMFREEDOM  
OFINFORMATION ACT.—The contents of the registry established under subsection (a)(1) shall not be subject to section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), or any other similar provision of Federal or State law requiring the disclosure of information to the public. (c) ANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report detailing the number, scope, product classifications, and mitiga-tion agreements related to each product, sys-tem, and service for which a disclosure is made under section 1639(a). Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1641. OVERSIGHT AND MANAGEMENT OF THE COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM FOR THE NATIONAL LEADERSHIP OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF RESPONSIBLE INDI-
VIDUAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall designate a single individual to be re-sponsible for oversight and strategic port-folio management of the command, control, and communications system for the national leadership of the United States (as defined in section 171a of title 10, United States Code), including— (A) nuclear command, control, and com-munications; (B) senior leadership communications sys-tems; (C) integrated tactical warning and attack assessment systems, processes, and enablers; and (D) continuity of government functions for which the Department of Defense is respon-sible. (2) A
UTHORITIES .—Subject to the authority and direction of the Secretary, the indi-vidual designated under paragraph (1) shall have the authority to direct the Secretaries of the military departments and officials in the Office of the Secretary of Defense with respect to matters described in paragraph (1), including— (A) playing a significant and directive role in the decision processes for all annual and multi-year planning, programming, budg-eting, and execution decisions, including the authority to realign the elements of the budgets and budget requests of the military departments that relate to the matters de-scribed in paragraph (1); (B) ensuring that the military departments comply with the standards of the Federal Government and the Department of Defense with respect to matters described in para-graph (1); and (C) any other authorities that the Sec-retary of Defense considers necessary. (3) C
HAIRPERSON OF COUNCIL ON OVERSIGHT  
OF THE NATIONAL LEADERSHIP COMMAND , CON-
TROL , AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM .—The in- dividual designated under paragraph (1) shall serve as the Chairperson of the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Com-mand, Control, and Communications System established under section 171a of title 10, United States Code. (4) S
TAFF .—The individual designated under paragraph (1) shall have sufficient dedicated full-time personnel to carry out the responsibilities of that individual under this subsection and as Chairperson of the Council on Oversight of the National Leader-ship Command, Control, and Communica-tions System. (b) M
ODIFICATIONS TO COUNCIL ON OVER-
SIGHT OF THE NATIONAL LEADERSHIP COM-
MAND , CONTROL , AND COMMUNICATIONS SYS-
TEM.— (1) M
EMBERSHIP .—Subsection (b) of section 171a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, Tech-nology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘and Sustainment’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (7) as paragraphs (4) through (8), re-spectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.’’. (2) CHAIRPERSON .—Subsection (c) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson of the Council (in this section referred to as the ‘Chairperson’) shall be the individual des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense under section 1641(a) of the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 as responsible for oversight and strategic portfolio management of the com-mand, control, and communications system for the national leadership of the United States.’’. (3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘over-sight’’ and inserting ‘‘coordination’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘oversight’’ and inserting ‘‘coordination’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘miti-gation’’ and inserting ‘‘recommendations for mitigation actions’’; (iii) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D) and inserting the following new subpara-graph (C): ‘‘(C) Making recommendations to the Chairperson with respect to resource prioritization.’’; and (iv) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D). (4) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Subsection (e) of such section is amended, in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Coun-cil shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson shall’’. (5) C
OLLECTION OF ASSESSMENTS ON CERTAIN  
THREATS .—Subsection (f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘The Council shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Chairperson shall, in con-sultation with the Council,’’. (6) B
UDGET AND FUNDING MATTERS .—Sub- section (g) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chair-person’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Chairman’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the Coun-cil shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson shall’’. (7) R
EPORTS ON SPACE ARCHITECTURE DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Subsection (i)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisitions, Technology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’. (8) N
OTIFICATION OF REDUCTION OF CERTAIN  
WARNING TIME .—Subsection (j)(2) of such sec-tion is amended— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson, in consultation with the Council,’’; and (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chair-person’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’. (9) S
TATUS OF ACQUISITION PROGRAMS .—Sub- section (k) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3130 June 6, 2018 
co-chairs of the Council, acting through the senior steering group of the Council,’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Chairperson’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the co-chairs of the Council’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairperson’’. 
SEC. 1642. MODIFICATION TO REQUIREMENT FOR CONVENTIONAL LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 217(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 706) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘the Secretary may’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary— ‘‘(A) may’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) shall begin procurement and fielding of a follow-on air-launched cruise missile to the AGM–86 for conventional missions not more than five years after the successful completion of initial operational test and evaluation for such a missile for nuclear missions.’’. (b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to design and procure the long-range standoff weapon to provide a nuclear cruise missile capability to replace the AGM–86 as part of the modernization of the nuclear triad. 
SEC. 1643. EXCHANGE PROGRAM FOR NUCLEAR WEAPONS PROGRAM EMPLOYEES. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, and the Administrator for Nuclear Se-curity, shall jointly establish an exchange program under which— (1) the Chairman shall arrange for the tem-porary assignment of civilian and military personnel working on nuclear weapons pol-icy, production, and force structure issues in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Staff, the Navy, or the Air Force to the Office of the Deputy Administrator for De-fense Programs in the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration; and (2) the Administrator shall arrange for the temporary assignment of civilian personnel working on programs related to nuclear weapons in the Office of the Deputy Adminis-trator for Defense Programs to the elements of the Department of Defense specified in paragraph (1). (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the ex-change program established under subsection (a) are— (1) to familiarize personnel from the De-partment of Defense and the National Nu-clear Security Administration with the equi-ties, priorities, processes, culture, and em-ployees of the other agency; (2) for participants in the exchange pro-gram to return the expertise gained through their exchanges to their original agencies at the conclusion of their exchanges; and (3) to improve communication between and integration of the agencies that support the formation and oversight of nuclear weapons policy through lasting relationships across the chain of command. (c) P
ARTICIPANTS .— (1) N
UMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—The Chair-man and the Administrator shall each select not fewer than 5 and not more than 10 par-ticipants per year for participation in the ex-change program established under subsection (a). The Chairman and the Administrator may determine how many participants to se-lect under this paragraph without regard to the number of participants selected from the other agency. (2) CRITERIA FOR SELECTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairman and the Administrator shall select participants for the exchange program established under sub-section (a) from among mid-career employ-ees and based on— (i) the qualifications and desire to partici-pate in the program of the employee; and (ii) the technical needs and capacities of the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration, as applica-ble. (B) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—In selecting participants from the Department of Defense for the exchange program established under subsection (a), the Chairman shall ensure that there is a mix of military personnel and civilian employees of the Department. (d) T
ERMS .—Exchanges pursuant to the ex-change program established under subsection (a) shall be for terms of one to two years, as determined and negotiated by the Chairman and the Administrator. Such terms may begin and end on a rolling basis. (e) G
UIDANCE AND IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman and the Administrator shall joint-ly develop and submit to the congressional defense committees interim guidance on the form and contours of the exchange program established under subsection (a). (2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman and the Administrator shall implement the guidance developed under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1644. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR CER-TAIN PARTS OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FUZES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in division D, $9,841,000 shall be available for the procurement of covered parts pursuant to contracts entered into under section 1645(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3651). (b) C
OVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means com-mercially available off-the-shelf items as de-fined in section 104 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 1645. PLAN TO TRAIN OFFICERS IN NU-CLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, develop a plan to train, educate, man-age, and track officers of the Armed Forces in nuclear command, control, and commu-nications. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall address— (1) manpower requirements at various grades; (2) desired career paths and promotion tim-ing; and (3) any other matters the Secretary of De-fense considers relevant to develop a mature cadre of officers with nuclear command, con-trol, and communications expertise. (c) S
UBMISSION OF PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit the plan required by subsection (a) to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the House of Representatives. (d) IMPLEMENTATION .—The plan required by subsection (a) shall be implemented not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 1646. PLAN FOR ALIGNMENT OF ACQUISI-TION OF WARHEAD LIFE EXTENSION PROGRAMS AND DELIVERY VEHI-CLES FOR SUCH WARHEADS. 
Not later than February 15, 2019, the Chair-man of the Nuclear Weapons Council estab-lished under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a plan containing a proposal for better aligning the acquisition of warhead life extension programs by the National Nuclear Security Administration with the acquisition of the planned delivery vehicles for such warheads by the Depart-ment of Defense. 
SEC. 1647. EXTENSION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON PLAN FOR THE NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE, NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMPLEX, NUCLEAR WEAPONS DE-LIVERY SYSTEMS, AND NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM. 
Section 1043 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576), as most recently amended by section 1665 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended in subsection (a)(1) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and in-serting ‘‘2024’’. 
SEC. 1648. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ACTIVITIES TO MODIFY UNITED STATES AIRCRAFT TO IMPLEMENT OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and engineering or aircraft procurement, Air Force, for the digital visual imaging system may be obli-gated or expended to carry out any activities to modify any United States aircraft for pur-poses of implementing the Open Skies Trea-ty until— (1) the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate congressional committees the certification described in paragraph (2) of section 1235(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91); and (2) the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees the certifi-cation described in paragraph (3) of such sec-tion. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) O
PEN SKIES TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
SEC. 1649. SENSE OF SENATE ON NUCLEAR POS-TURE REVIEW. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Secretary of Defense James Mattis said in his opening statement before the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on February 6, 2018, ‘‘Main-taining an effective nuclear deterrent is much less expensive than fighting a war that we were unable to deter.’’. (2) In the same statement, Secretary Mattis said, ‘‘Recapitalizing the nuclear weapons complex of laboratories and plants is also long past due . . . Due to consistent underfunding, significant and sustained in-vestments will be required over the coming 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3131 June 6, 2018 
decade to ensure that the National Nuclear Security Administration will be able to de-liver at the rate needed to support nuclear deterrence into the 2030s and beyond.’’. (3) Former Secretary of Defense Ash Carter recently wrote that ‘‘it is essential to recapi-talize the nuclear Triad, because it is the bedrock of deterrence. During the past 25 years, the United States has made no major new investments in its nuclear forces, yet other countries have conducted vigorous buildups. This history does not support the contention that U.S. investments fuel the nuclear programs of others. My views are re-flected in the latest Nuclear Posture Re-view.’’. (4) Former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Jim Miller recently wrote, ‘‘Sec-retary of Defense Jim Mattis’s 2018 Nuclear Posture Review offers continuity with past U.S. policy and plans, including those in the 2010 NPR. It deserves broad bipartisan sup-port.’’. (5) The Foreign Minister of Japan, Taro Kono, said in a statement on February 3, 2018, ‘‘Japan highly appreciates the latest NPR which clearly articulates the U.S. re-solve to ensure the effectiveness of its deter-rence and its commitment to providing ex-tended deterrence to its allies including Japan, in light of the international security environment which has been rapidly wors-ened since the release of the previous 2010 NPR, in particular, by continued develop-ment of North Korea’s nuclear and missile programs.’’. (6) In testimony before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on April 30, 2018, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis said, ‘‘Modernizing the nation’s nuclear deterrent delivery systems and our nuclear command and control is the [Department of Defense’s] top priority.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review is a measured and appropriate response to the current security environment, taking into account the developments in other nuclear weapons states such as the People’s Republic of China and the Russian Federation and the return to great power competition as identi-fied by two successive Secretaries of Defense and outlined in the 2018 National Defense Strategy; (2) Congress should fully fund the complete nuclear modernization program of the De-partment of Defense, including the Colum-bia-class submarine, the Ground-Based Stra-tegic Deterrent, the B–21 long-range bomber, the Long-Range Stand-Off weapon, the re- engining of the B–52H bomber, and dual-ca-pable aircraft; (3) the Department of Defense should orga-nize itself appropriately to engineer, acquire, and operate nuclear command, control, and communications systems that are secure, re-liable, and modernized; (4) Congress should fully fund the National Nuclear Security Administration component of the nuclear modernization program, in-cluding— (A) the existing warhead life extension pro-grams and major alterations, including the W76–2 warhead modification program and the W80–4 life extension program; and (B) the recapitalization of infrastructure for production and processing of plutonium pits, uranium, tritium, lithium, and trusted strategic radiation-hardened microelec-tronics; (5) in order to execute the programs de-scribed in this subsection in the timely fash-ion required by the Nuclear Posture Review, the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion must balance workload, improve man-agement of large programs, and better inte-grate its acquisition programs with those of the Department of Defense; (6) the United States maintains a steadfast commitment to the policy of extended deter-rence in Europe and East Asia, and the nu-clear modernization program will ensure that commitment remains credible; (7) the United States should continue to honor long-held arms control, nonprolifera-tion, and nuclear security commitments, and should seek to increase transparency and predictability through strategic dialogue, risk-reduction communication channels, and the sharing of best practices; (8) when complied with by all parties, ef-fective nuclear nonproliferation and arms control measures and agreements can sup-port the security of the United States and countries that are allies or partners of the United States by— (A) controlling the spread of nuclear mate-rials, technology, and expertise; (B) decreasing the risk of misperception and miscalculation; and (C) avoiding destabilizing nuclear arms competition; and (9) the United States should continue to af-firm its commitments to arms control ef-forts that advance the security of the United States and countries that are allies or part-ners of the United States, and are verifiable and enforceable, including the Treaty be-tween the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Fur-ther Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011 (com-monly known as the ‘‘New START Treaty’’), which is in effect through February 2021, and with mutual agreement may be extended for up to five years. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs SEC. 1651. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION RELAT-ING TO MISSILE DEFENSE INFORMA-TION AND SYSTEMS. 
Section 130h(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1652. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHOR-ITY FOR STANDARD MISSILE–3 IB GUIDED MISSILES. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may enter into one or more multiyear con-tracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of Stand-ard Missile–3 Block IB guided missiles. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCURE -
MENT .—The Secretary may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement as-sociated with the missiles for which author-ization to enter into a multiyear procure-ment contract is provided under subsection (a). (c) C
OSTANALYSIS REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary may not exercise the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) or (b) until the Secretary submits to the congressional de-fense committees the report and confirma-tion required under subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, of section 2306b(i)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (d) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT  P
AYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obliga-tion of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fis-cal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 1653. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR RE-PORTS ON UNFUNDED PRIORITIES OF MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
Section 1696 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (130 Stat. 2638; Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and in-serting ‘‘Each year, not later than’’ (B) by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the budg-et if’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘the budget if addi-tional resources had been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mis-sion requirement.’’. SEC. 1654. IRON DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DEFENSE SYSTEM AND ISRAELI CO-OPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE PRO-GRAM CO-DEVELOPMENT AND CO- PRODUCTION. 
(a) I RON DOME SHORT -RANGE ROCKET DE-
FENSE SYSTEM .— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $70,000,000 may be provided to the Gov-ernment of Israel to procure components for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system through co-production of such com-ponents in the United States by industry of the United States. (2) C
ONDITIONS .— (A) A
GREEMENT .—Funds described in para-graph (1) for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense program shall be available subject to the terms and conditions in the Agreement Between the Department of De-fense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Pro-curement, signed on March 5, 2014, as amend-ed to include co-production for Tamir inter-ceptors. (B) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds de-scribed in paragraph (1), the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall jointly submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees— (i) a certification that the amended bilat-eral international agreement specified in subparagraph (A) is being implemented as provided in such agreement; and (ii) an assessment detailing any risks re-lating to the implementation of such agree-ment. (b) I
SRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE  P
ROGRAM , DAVID’SSLING WEAPON SYSTEM CO- 
PRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement, Defense- wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency not more than $50,000,000 may be pro-vided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System, including for co-production of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a certification that— (A) the Government of Israel has dem-onstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews required by the research, development, and technology agreement and the bilateral co-production agreement for the David’s Sling Weapon Sys-tem; (B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel or in another match-ing amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel); and (C) the level of co-production of parts, components, and all-up rounds (if appro-priate) in the United States by United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3132 June 6, 2018 
industry for the David’s Sling Weapon Sys-tem is not less than 50 percent. (c) I
SRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE  P
ROGRAM , ARROW 3 UPPER TIERINTERCEPTOR  P
ROGRAM CO-PRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement, Defense- wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency not more than $80,000,000 may be pro-vided to the Government of Israel for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, in-cluding for co-production of parts and com-ponents in the United States by United States industry. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Except as provided by paragraph (3), the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a certification that— (A) the Government of Israel has dem-onstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews required by the research, development, and technology agreements for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Inter-ceptor Program; (B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel or in another match-ing amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel); (C) the United States has entered into a bi-lateral international agreement with Israel that establishes, with respect to the use of such funds— (i) in accordance with subparagraph (D), the terms of co-production of parts and com-ponents on the basis of the greatest prac-ticable co-production of parts, components, and all-up rounds (if appropriate) by United States industry and minimizes nonrecurring engineering and facilitization expenses to the costs needed for co-production; (ii) complete transparency on the require-ment of Israel for the number of interceptors and batteries that will be procured, includ-ing with respect to the procurement plans, acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of Israel; (iii) technical milestones for co-production of parts and components and procurement; (iv) a joint affordability working group to consider cost reduction initiatives; and (v) joint approval processes for third-party sales; and (D) the level of co-production described in subparagraph (C)(i) for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program is not less than 50 percent. (3) W
AIVER .—The Under Secretary may waive the certification required by para-graph (2) if the Under Secretary certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the Under Secretary has received suffi-cient data from the Government of Israel to demonstrate— (A) the funds specified in paragraph (1) are provided to Israel solely for funding the pro-curement of long-lead components and crit-ical hardware in accordance with a produc-tion plan, including a funding profile detail-ing Israeli contributions for production, in-cluding long-lead production, of the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; (B) such long-lead components have suc-cessfully completed knowledge points, tech-nical milestones, and production readiness reviews; and (C) the long-lead procurement will be con-ducted in a manner that maximizes co-pro-duction in the United States without incur-ring nonrecurring engineering activity or cost other than such activity or cost re-quired for suppliers of the United States to start or restart production in the United States. (d) NUMBER .—In carrying out paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and paragraph (2) of sub-section (c), the Under Secretary may sub-mit— (1) one certification covering both the Da-vid’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; or (2) separate certifications for each respec-tive system. (e) T
IMING .—The Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees the certifications under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and paragraph (2) of sub-section (c) by not later than 60 days before the funds specified in paragraph (1) of sub-sections (b) and (c) for the respective system covered by the certification are provided to the Government of Israel. (f) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1655. METRICS FOR EVALUATING EFFEC-TIVENESS OF INTEGRATED BAL-LISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM AGAINST OPERATIONALLY REAL-ISTIC BALLISTIC MISSILE ATTACKS. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT OF METRICS REQUIRED .— The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall, in coordination with the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, the Direc-tor of the Ballistic Missile Defense System Operational Test Agency, the Commander of the Joint Forces Combatant Command-Inte-grated Missile Defense, the service acquisi-tion executives (as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code), and the com-manders of the combatant commands, de-velop operationally relevant metrics for evaluating the effectiveness of the inte-grated Ballistic Missile Defense System (BMDS) and its components and elements against operationally realistic ballistic mis-sile attacks into areas defended by United States combatant commands. (b) I
NCORPORATION OF METRICS INTO AN-
NUAL REPORTS .—Beginning in February 2019, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall incorporate the metrics developed under subsection (a) into the annual reports of the Director to the congressional defense committees, including an assessment of progress against such metrics on the acquisi-tion baseline of the Missile Defense Agency. (c) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act and available for the Command and Con-trol, Battle Management and Communica-tions (C2BMC) program, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the Director develops the metrics required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1656. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT RE-LATING TO TRANSITION OF BAL-LISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE PRO-GRAMS TO MILITARY DEPART-MENTS. 
Section 1676(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub-lic Law 115–91) is amended by inserting ‘‘or equivalent approval’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 1657. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ACCELERA-TION OF MISSILE DEFENSE CAPA-BILITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the Missile Defense Agen-cy should— (1) accelerate the fielding, if technically feasible, of the planned additional 20 ground- based interceptors with Redesigned Kill Ve-hicles (RKV) at Missile Field 4 at Fort Greely, Alaska, and to mate the Redesigned Kill Vehicles with the newest booster tech-nology; (2) weigh the rapid growth in missile and nuclear threats against the cost and risk of accelerating the Redesigned Kill Vehicle and the Multi-Object Kill Vehicle development and deployment; (3) ensure, prior to its operational deploy-ment, that the Redesigned Kill Vehicle has demonstrated the ability to accomplish its intended mission through a successful, oper-ationally realistic flight test; (4) rapidly develop and deploy a persistent, space-based sensor architecture to ensure our missile defenses are more effective against ballistic missile threats and more re-sponsive to new and emergent threats from hypersonic and cruise missiles; (5) pursue innovative concepts for existing technologies, such as a missile defense role for the F–35 aircraft; and (6) invest in advanced technologies, such as boost-phase warning, tracking, and inter-cept. (b) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on ways the Missile De-fense Agency can accelerate the construction of Missile Field 4 at Fort Greely, Alaska, as well as the deployment of 20 ground-based interceptors with Redesigned Kill Vehicles (RKV) at such missile field, by at least one year. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A threat-based description of the bene-fits and risks of accelerating the construc-tion and deployment referred to in paragraph (1). (B) A description of the technical and ac-quisition risks and potential effects on the reliability of the Redesigned Kill Vehicle if deployment is accelerated as described in paragraph (1). (C) A description of the cost implications of accelerating the construction and deploy-ment referred to in paragraph (1). (D) A description of the effect such accel-eration would have on the Redesigned Kill Vehicle flight test schedule and the overall Integrated Master Test Plan. (E) A description of the effect that the ac-celeration described in paragraph (1) would have on re-tipping currently deployed exoatmospheric kill vehicles with the Rede-signed Kill Vehicle. (F) A description of how such acceleration would align with the deployment of the long range discrimination radar and the home-land defense radar-Hawaii. (G) A cost-benefit analysis and a feasibility assessment for construction of a fifth missile field at Fort Greely, Alaska. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1658. INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DE-FENSE FOR EVOLVING THEATER MISSILE THREATS. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the Sense of the Senate that— (1) the United States should utilize re-gional missile defense assets to counter and deter against cruise, short-to-medium-range ballistic, and hypersonic missile threats; (2) the United States should continue to rapidly work toward the interoperability of all United States missile defense systems for a more effective layered defense; and (3) the United States Army should increase its attention, focus, and resources developing an integrated air-and-missile defense archi-tecture to protect both land and air forces from cruise, short-to-medium-range bal-listic, and hypersonic missile threats. (b) R
EPORT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3133 June 6, 2018 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, if consistent with the direction or rec-ommendations of the Missile Defense Review that commenced in 2017, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the Depart-ment’s plan for the creation of a fully inter-operable and integrated air and missile de-fense architecture. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Elements of the report re-quired by paragraph (1) are as follows: (A) An intelligence assessment of cruise, short-to-medium-range ballistic, and hypersonic missile threats to the United States and its deployed forces. (B) An examination of current United States capabilities to defeat the threats in-cluded in the report required by subpara-graph (A) and an analysis of the existing ca-pability and resource gaps. (C) An analysis of the level of integration and interoperability of United States missile defense systems and the future requirements needed to become fully integrated and inter-operable to defeat the threats included in the report required by subparagraph (A). (D) A description of the current state of survivability of United States missile de-fense systems against the full spectrum of air and missile threats from near-peer threats and any planned efforts to increase survivability. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1659. ACCELERATION OF HYPERSONIC MIS-SILE DEFENSE PROGRAM. 
(a) A CCELERATION OF PROGRAM .—The Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency shall ac-celerate the hypersonic missile defense pro-gram of the Missile Defense Agency. (b) D
EPLOYMENT .—The Director shall de-ploy such program in conjunction with a per-sistent space-based missile defense sensor program. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on how hypersonic missile defense can be acceler-ated to meet emerging hypersonic threats. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An estimate of the cost of such accel-eration. (B) The technical requirements and acqui-sition plan needed for the Director to de-velop and deploy a hypersonic missile de-fense program. (C) A testing campaign plan that acceler-ates the delivery of hypersonic defense sys-tems to the warfighter. (3) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1660. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON ALLIED PARTNERSHIPS FOR MISSILE DE-FENSE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the United States should seek addi-tional opportunities, at the tactical, oper-ational, and strategic levels, to provide mis-sile defense capabilities, doctrine, interoper-ability, and planning to allies and trusted partners of the United States; (2) an expedited foreign military sales ar-rangement would be beneficial in delivering such missile defenses to allies and trusted partners; and (3) it is important to continue to work with allies and trusted partners, such as Israel, to learn from their experience deploy-ing successful missile defense technologies. 
SEC. 1660A. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON RESULTS OF TESTS CARRIED OUT BY MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) tests carried out by the Missile Defense Agency, which do not achieve an intercept or the main objective, should not be considered failures; (2) the Missile Defense Agency—in an ef-fort to deliver capabilities at the speed of relevance—should recognize the learning value of individual advancements made by all test events, rather than viewing any total outcome as an indication of the reliability of entire missile defense systems; (3) the Missile Defense Agency should, as part of its test program, continue to build an independently accredited modeling and sim-ulation element to better inform missile de-fense performance assessments and test cri-teria; and (4) the Missile Defense Agency should con-tinue to pursue an increasingly rigorous testing regime, in coordination with the Of-fice of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, to more rapidly deliver capabili-ties to the warfighter as the threat evolves. SEC. 1660B. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON DISCRIMI-NATION FOR MISSILE DEFENSE. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that prioritizing discrimina-tion capabilities to improve missile defense effectiveness against current and future threats is critically important. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the following: (A) Needed discrimination improvements within the missile defense architecture. (B) The Missile Defense Agency’s plan to rapidly field advanced discrimination capa-bilities. (C) An analysis of efforts to address dis-crimination challenges against emerging ad-versary threats, including hypersonic and cruise missiles. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1660C. DEVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT OF PERSISTENT SPACE-BASED SEN-SOR ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) D ISSOCIATION WITHBALLISTIC MISSILE  D
EFENSE REVIEW .—Subsection (a) of section 1683 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘If consistent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘develop’’ and in-serting ‘‘Not later than December 31, 2018, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall, in coordination with the Secretary of the Air Force and the Director of the De-fense Advanced Research Projects Agency, commence developing’’. (b) D
EPLOYMENT DEADLINE .—Such sub-section is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(
A) INGENERAL .—’’ and in- serting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) D
EPLOYMENT .—The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall ensure that the sensor architecture developed under para-graph (1) is deployed on or before December 31, 2022.’’. (c) C
OMPATIBILITY WITHEFFORTS OF DE-
FENSE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGEN-
CY.—Such section is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsection (f) and (g), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) C
OMPATIBILITY WITHEFFORTS OF DE-
FENSE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGEN-
CY.—The Director shall ensure that the sen-sor architecture developed under subsection (a) is compatible with efforts of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency relating to space-based sensors for missile defense.’’. (d) REPORT ON PROGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the progress of all efforts being made by the Missile Defense Agency, the Defense Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency, and the Air Force relating to space-based sensing and tracking capabilities for missile defense and how each of such organizations will work together to avoid duplication of efforts. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1660D. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT TO DEVELOP A SPACE-BASED BAL-LISTIC MISSILE INTERCEPT LAYER. 
(a) D ISSOCIATION WITHBALLISTIC MISSILE  D
EFENSE REVIEW .—Subsection (a) of section 1688 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended, in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘If consistent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘The Director’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended, in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘If the Di-rector carries out subsection (a), not later’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later’’. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1661. ASSESSMENT OF ELECTRONIC WAR-FARE CAPABILITIES OF RUSSIA AND CHINA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees and the congressional in-telligence committees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) country-wide assessments of the electronic warfare capabilities of the Rus-sian Federation and the People’s Republic of China. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The assessments submitted under subsection (a) shall include, for the countries concerned, the following: (1) The electronic warfare doctrine. (2) The order of battle on land, sea, air, space, and cyberspace. (3) The current status of expected direction of technology and research over the next 10 years. 
SEC. 1662. BUDGET EXHIBIT ON SUPPORT PRO-VIDED TO ENTITIES OUTSIDE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of De-fense budget for each fiscal year (as sub-mitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a single budget exhibit con-taining relevant details pertaining to sup-port provided by the Department of Defense to the Executive Office of the President re-lated to senior leader communications and continuity of government programs. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The budget exhibit re-quired by subsection (a) shall include— (1) support provided by the White House Military Office, the White House Commu-nications Agency, special mission area ac-tivities of the Defense Information Systems Agency, and other relevant programs; and (2) specific appropriation and line numbers where appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—The budget exhibit required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3134 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 1663. DEVELOPMENT OF ELECTRO-MAGNETIC BATTLE MANAGEMENT CAPABILITY FOR JOINT ELECTRO-MAGNETIC OPERATIONS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF EXECUTIVE AGENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee shall designate a mili-tary service with the responsibility for act-ing as executive agent for the development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint electromagnetic oper-ations. (b) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Along with the budget for each fiscal year sub-mitted by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall include a certifi-cation from the Electronic Warfare Execu-tive Committee whether sufficient funds have been budgeted for the development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management ca-pability for joint electromagnetic oper-ations. TITLE XVII—COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 1701. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign In-vestment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1702. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) foreign investment provides substantial economic benefits to the United States, in-cluding the promotion of economic growth, productivity, competitiveness, and job cre-ation, and the majority of foreign invest-ment transactions pose little or no risk to the national security of the United States, especially when those investments are truly passive in nature; (2) maintaining the commitment of the United States to open and fair investment policy also encourages other countries to re-ciprocate and helps open new foreign mar-kets for United States businesses and their products; (3) it should continue to be the policy of the United States to enthusiastically wel-come and support foreign investment, con-sistent with the protection of national secu-rity; (4) at the same time, the national security landscape has shifted in recent years, and so has the nature of the investments that pose the greatest potential risk to national secu-rity, which warrants a modernization of the processes and authorities of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and of the United States export control sys-tem; (5) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States plays a critical role in protecting the national security of the United States, and, therefore, it is essential that the member agencies of the Committee are adequately resourced and able to hire ap-propriately qualified individuals in a timely manner, and that those individuals’ security clearances are processed as a high priority; (6) the President should conduct a more ro-bust international outreach effort to urge and help allies and partners of the United States to establish processes that parallel the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to screen foreign investments for national security risks and to facilitate coordination; (7) the President should lead a collabo-rative effort with allies and partners of the United States to strengthen the multilateral export control regime to more effectively ad-dress the unprecedented industrial policies of certain countries of special concern, in-cluding aggressive efforts to acquire United States technology, and the blending of civil and military programs; (8) any penalties imposed by the United States Government with respect to an indi-vidual or entity pursuant to a determination that the individual or entity has violated sanctions imposed by the United States or the export control laws of the United States should not be reversed for reasons unrelated to the national security of the United States; and (9) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States should continue to re-view transactions for the purpose of pro-tecting national security and should not con-sider issues of national interest absent a na-tional security nexus. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONSIDERATION  
OFCOVERED TRANSACTIONS .—It is the sense of Congress that, when considering national se-curity risks, the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States may con-sider— (1) whether a transaction involves a coun-try of special concern that has a dem-onstrated or declared strategic goal of ac-quiring a type of critical technology or crit-ical infrastructure that would affect United States technological and industrial leader-ship in areas related to national security; (2) the potential national security-related effects of the cumulative market share of or a pattern of recent transactions in any one type of infrastructure, energy asset, critical material, or critical technology by foreign persons; (3) whether any foreign person that would acquire an interest in a United States busi-ness or its assets as a result of a transaction has a history of complying with United States laws and regulations; (4) the extent to which a transaction is likely to expose, either directly or indi-rectly, personally identifiable information, genetic information, or other sensitive data of United States citizens to access by a for-eign government or foreign person that may exploit that information in a manner that threatens national security; and (5) whether a transaction is likely to have the effect of exacerbating or creating new cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the United States or is likely to result in a foreign gov-ernment gaining a significant new capability to engage in malicious cyber-enabled activi-ties against the United States, including such activities designed to affect the out-come of any election for Federal office. 
SEC. 1703. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
CCESS .—The term ‘access’ means the ability and opportunity to obtain informa-tion, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(2) C
OMMITTEE ; CHAIRPERSON .—The terms ‘Committee’ and ‘chairperson’ mean the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and the chairperson thereof, respectively. ‘‘(3) C
ONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power to determine, direct, or decide im-portant matters affecting an entity, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(4) C
OUNTRY OF SPECIAL CONCERN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘country of special concern’ means a country that poses a significant threat to the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This para-graph shall not be construed to require the Committee to maintain a list of countries of special concern. ‘‘(5) C
OVERED TRANSACTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided, the term ‘covered transaction’ means— ‘‘(i) any transaction described in subpara-graph (B)(i); and ‘‘(ii) any transaction described in clauses (ii) through (v) of subparagraph (B) that is proposed, pending, or completed on or after the effective date specified in section 1732(b)(1)(A) of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED .—A trans- action described in this subparagraph is any of the following: ‘‘(i) Any merger, acquisition, or takeover that is proposed or pending after August 23, 1988, by or with any foreign person that could result in foreign control of any United States business. ‘‘(ii) Subject to subparagraph (C), the pur-chase or lease by a foreign person of, or a concession offered to a foreign person with respect to, private or public real estate that— ‘‘(I) is located in the United States; ‘‘(II)(aa) is, is located at, or will function as part of, a land, air, or maritime port; or ‘‘(bb)(AA) is in close proximity to a United States military installation or another facil-ity or property of the United States Govern-ment that is sensitive for reasons relating to national security; ‘‘(BB) could reasonably provide the foreign person the ability to collect information on activities being conducted at such an instal-lation, facility, or property; or ‘‘(CC) could otherwise expose national se-curity activities at such an installation, fa-cility, or property to the risk of foreign sur-veillance; and ‘‘(III) meets such other criteria as the Committee prescribes by regulation, as long as such criteria do not expand the categories of real estate to which this clause applies be-yond the categories described in subclause (II). ‘‘(iii) Any other investment (other than a passive investment) by a foreign person in any United States critical technology com-pany or United States critical infrastructure company that is unaffiliated with the foreign person, subject to regulations prescribed under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(iv) Any change in the rights that a for-eign person has with respect to a United States business in which the foreign person has an investment, if that change could re-sult in— ‘‘(I) foreign control of the United States business; or ‘‘(II) an investment described in clause (iii). ‘‘(v) Any other transaction, transfer, agreement, or arrangement the structure of which is designed or intended to evade or cir-cumvent the application of this section, sub-ject to regulations prescribed by the Com-mittee. ‘‘(C) F
URTHER DEFINITION THROUGH REGULA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(i) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN REAL ESTATE  
TRANSACTIONS .—A real estate purchase or lease described in subparagraph (B)(ii) does not include a lease or purchase of— ‘‘(I) a single ‘housing unit’, as defined by the Census Bureau; or ‘‘(II) real estate in ‘urbanized areas’, as de-fined by the Census Bureau in the most re-cent census, except as otherwise prescribed by the Committee in regulations in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(ii) C
ERTAIN OTHER INVESTMENT .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations fur-ther defining covered transactions described in subparagraph (B)(iii) by reference to the technology, sector, subsector, transaction type, or other characteristics of such trans-actions. ‘‘(iii) E
XEMPTION FOR TRANSACTIONS FROM  
IDENTIFIED COUNTRIES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3135 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall, by regulation, define circumstances and proce-dures under which a transaction otherwise described in clause (ii) or (iii) of subpara-graph (B) is excluded from the definition of ‘covered transaction’ if each foreign person that is a party to the transaction, and each foreign person with ownership or control over a party to the transaction, is from (as determined by the Committee pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Committee), a country or part of a country identified by the Committee for purposes of this clause based on factors established by the Com-mittee, such as— ‘‘(aa) whether, in the sole judgment of the Committee, the process of the country for re-viewing the national security effects of for-eign investment and associated inter-national cooperation effectively safeguards national security interests the country shares with the United States; ‘‘(bb) whether the country is a member country of the North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization or is designated as a major non- NATO ally pursuant to section 517 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321k); ‘‘(cc) whether the country adheres to non-proliferation control regimes, including trea-ties and multilateral supply guidelines, which shall be informed by sources such as the annual report on ‘Adherence to and Com-pliance with Arms Control, Nonproliferation and Disarmament Agreements and Commit-ments’ required by section 403 of the Arms Control and Disarmament Act (22 U.S.C. 2593a); ‘‘(dd) whether excluding transactions by foreign persons from the country advances the national security objectives of the United States; and ‘‘(ee) any other factors that the Committee determines to be appropriate. ‘‘(II) R
ECURRING ASSESSMENT OF IDENTIFIED  
COUNTRIES .—The Committee shall reconsider on a regular basis the identification of coun-tries and parts of countries under subclause (I). ‘‘(iv) E
XCEPTION FOR AIR CARRIERS .—For purposes of subparagraph (B)(iii), the term ‘other investment’ does not include an in-vestment involving an air carrier, as defined in section 40102(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, that holds a certificate issued under section 41102 of that title. ‘‘(v) T
RANSFERS OF CERTAIN ASSETS PURSU -
ANT TO BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS OR OTHER  
DEFAULTS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations to clarify that the term ‘covered transaction’ includes any transaction de-scribed in subparagraph (B) that arises pur-suant to a bankruptcy proceeding or other form of default on debt. ‘‘(D) P
ASSIVE INVESTMENT DEFINED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (B)(iii), the term ‘passive investment’ means an investment, direct or indirect, by a foreign person in a United States critical in-frastructure company or United States crit-ical technology company that meets the fol-lowing criteria: ‘‘(I) The investment is not described in subparagraph (B)(i). ‘‘(II) The investment does not afford the foreign person— ‘‘(aa) access to any material nonpublic technical information in the possession of the United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical tech-nology company; ‘‘(bb) membership or observer rights on the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the United States critical infrastruc-ture company or United States critical tech-nology company or the right to nominate an individual to a position on the board of di-rectors or equivalent governing body; or ‘‘(cc) any involvement, other than through voting of shares, in substantive decision-making relating to the management, govern-ance, or operation of the United States crit-ical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company. ‘‘(III) The foreign person does not have a material parallel strategic partnership or other material financial relationship, as de-scribed in regulations prescribed by the Committee, with the United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company. ‘‘(IV) Such other criteria as the Committee may prescribe by regulation, which shall be consistent with the criteria specified in sub-clauses (I), (II), and (III). ‘‘(ii) MATERIAL NONPUBLIC TECHNICAL INFOR -
MATION DEFINED .—For purposes of clause (i)(II)(aa), the term ‘material nonpublic tech-nical information’ has the meaning given that term in regulations prescribed by the Committee, except that the term does not include financial information regarding the performance of a United States critical in-frastructure company or United States crit-ical technology company. ‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF LEVEL OF OWNERSHIP IN -
TEREST .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—A determination of whether an investment is a passive invest-ment under clause (i) shall be made without regard to how low the level of ownership in-terest a foreign person would hold or acquire in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical tech-nology company would be as a result of the investment. ‘‘(II) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee may prescribe regulations specifying that any in-vestment (other than an investment de-scribed in item (bb)) greater than a certain level or amount shall not be considered a passive investment under clause (i). ‘‘(bb) I
NVESTMENT DESCRIBED .—An invest-ment described in this item is an invest-ment— ‘‘(AA) by a foreign person in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company through an investment fund; ‘‘(BB) that does not result in the foreign person’s control of the United States critical technology or United States critical infra-structure company; and ‘‘(CC) that otherwise meets the require-ments of clauses (i) and (iv), as applicable. ‘‘(iv) S
PECIFIC CLARIFICATION FOR INVEST -
MENT FUNDS .— ‘‘(I) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN INVESTMENTS  
AS PASSIVE INVESTMENTS .—Notwithstanding clause (i)(II)(bb) and subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee, an indirect in-vestment by a foreign person in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical technology company through an investment fund that affords the foreign person (or a designee of the foreign person) membership as a limited partner on an advisory board or a committee of the fund shall be considered a passive investment if— ‘‘(aa) the fund is managed exclusively by a general partner, a managing member, or an equivalent; ‘‘(bb) the general partner, managing mem-ber, or equivalent is not a foreign person; ‘‘(cc) the advisory board or committee does not have the ability to approve, disapprove, or otherwise control— ‘‘(AA) investment decisions of the fund; or ‘‘(BB) decisions made by the general partner, managing member, or equivalent re-lated to entities in which the fund is in-vested; ‘‘(dd) the foreign person does not otherwise have the ability to control the fund, includ-ing the authority— ‘‘(AA) to approve, disapprove, or other-wise control investment decisions of the fund; ‘‘(BB) to approve, disapprove, or other-wise control decisions made by the general partner, managing member, or equivalent re-lated to entities in which the fund is in-vested; or ‘‘(CC) to unilaterally dismiss, prevent the dismissal of, select, or determine the compensation of the general partner, man-aging member, or equivalent; and ‘‘(ee) the investment otherwise meets the requirements of this subparagraph. ‘‘(II) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN WAIVERS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes of items (cc) and (dd) of subclause (I) and ex-cept as provided in item (bb), a waiver of a potential conflict of interest, a waiver of an allocation limitation, or a similar activity, applicable to a transaction pursuant to the terms of an agreement governing an invest-ment fund shall not be considered to con-stitute control of investment decisions of the fund or decisions relating to entities in which the fund is invested. ‘‘(bb) E
XCEPTION .—The Committee may prescribe regulations providing for excep-tions to item (aa) for extraordinary cir-cumstances. ‘‘(v) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations providing guidance on the types of transactions that the Com-mittee considers to be passive investment. ‘‘(E) U
NITED STATES CRITICAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE COMPANY DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘United States critical infrastructure company’ means a United States business that is, owns, operates, or primarily provides services to, an entity or entities that operate within a critical infra-structure sector or subsector, as defined by regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(F) U
NITED STATES CRITICAL TECHNOLOGY  
COMPANY DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘United States critical technology company’ means a United States business that produces, designs, tests, manu-factures, or develops one or more critical technologies, or a subset of such tech-nologies, as defined by regulations pre-scribed by the Committee. ‘‘(6) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘critical infrastructure’ means, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee, systems and assets, whether physical or vir-tual, so vital to the United States that the incapacity or destruction of such systems or assets would have a debilitating impact on national security. ‘‘(7) C
RITICAL MATERIALS .—The term ‘crit-ical materials’ means physical materials es-sential to national security, subject to regu-lations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(8) C
RITICAL TECHNOLOGIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘critical tech-nologies’ means technology, components, or technology items that are essential or could be essential to national security, identified for purposes of this section pursuant to regu-lations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS .—The term ‘critical technologies’ includes the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Defense articles or defense services in-cluded on the United States Munitions List set forth in the International Traffic in Arms Regulations under subchapter M of chapter I of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions. ‘‘(ii) Items included on the Commerce Con-trol List set forth in Supplement No. 1 to part 774 of the Export Administration Regu-lations under subchapter C of chapter VII of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3136 June 6, 2018 
title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, and controlled— ‘‘(I) pursuant to multilateral regimes, in-cluding for reasons relating to national secu-rity, chemical and biological weapons pro-liferation, nuclear nonproliferation, or mis-sile technology; or ‘‘(II) for reasons relating to regional sta-bility or surreptitious listening. ‘‘(iii) Specially designed and prepared nu-clear equipment, parts and components, ma-terials, software, and technology covered by part 810 of title 10, Code of Federal Regula-tions (relating to assistance to foreign atom-ic energy activities). ‘‘(iv) Nuclear facilities, equipment, and material covered by part 110 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to export and import of nuclear equipment and mate-rial). ‘‘(v) Select agents and toxins covered by part 331 of title 7, Code of Federal Regula-tions, part 121 of title 9 of such Code, or part 73 of title 42 of such Code. ‘‘(vi) Emerging and foundational tech-nologies identified pursuant to section 1725(a) of the Foreign Investment Risk Re-view Modernization Act of 2018. ‘‘(9) F
OREIGN GOVERNMENT -CONTROLLED  
TRANSACTION .—The term ‘foreign govern-ment-controlled transaction’ means any cov-ered transaction that could result in the con-trol of any United States business by a for-eign government or an entity controlled by or acting on behalf of a foreign government. ‘‘(10) F
OREIGN PERSON .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘foreign per-son’ means— ‘‘(i) any foreign national, foreign govern-ment, or foreign entity; or ‘‘(ii) any entity over which control is exer-cised or exercisable by a foreign national, foreign government, or foreign entity. ‘‘(B) F
OREIGN ENTITY DEFINED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A) and except as provided in clause (ii), the term ‘foreign entity’ means any branch, partnership, group or subgroup, asso-ciation, estate, trust, corporation or division of a corporation, or organization organized under the laws of a foreign country if— ‘‘(I) the principal place of business of the entity is outside the United States; or ‘‘(II) the equity securities of the entity are primarily traded on one or more foreign ex-changes. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘foreign entity’ does not include an entity that demonstrates to the Committee that a majority of the equity in-terest in the entity is ultimately owned by United States nationals. ‘‘(11) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). ‘‘(12) I
NVESTMENT .—The term ‘investment’ means the acquisition of equity interest, in-cluding contingent equity interest, as fur-ther defined in regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(13) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘lead agen-cy’ means the agency or agencies designated as the lead agency or agencies pursuant to subsection (k)(5). ‘‘(14) N
ATIONAL SECURITY .—The term ‘na-tional security’ shall be construed so as to include those issues relating to ‘homeland security’, including its application to crit-ical infrastructure. ‘‘(15) P
ARTY .—The term ‘party’ has the meaning given that term in regulations pre-scribed by the Committee. ‘‘(16) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ means the several States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and any territory or pos-session of the United States. ‘‘(17) UNITED STATES BUSINESS .—The term ‘United States business’ means a person en-gaged in interstate commerce in the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1704. ACCEPTANCE OF WRITTEN NOTICES. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C)(i) of the Defense Pro-duction Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)(i)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any party’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Any party’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) C
OMMENTS AND ACCEPTANCE .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to item (cc), the Committee shall provide comments on a draft or final written notice or accept a final written notice submitted under subclause (I) with respect to a covered transaction not later than the date that is 10 business days after the date of submission of the draft or final notice. ‘‘(bb) C
OMPLETENESS .—If the Committee determines that a draft or final written no-tice described in item (aa) is not complete, the Committee shall notify the party or par-ties to the transaction in writing that the notice is not complete and provide an expla-nation of all material respects in which the notice is incomplete. ‘‘(cc) S
TIPULATIONS REQUIRED .—The timing requirement under item (aa) shall apply only in a case in which the parties stipulate under clause (vi) that the transaction is a covered transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1705. INCLUSION OF PARTNERSHIP AND SIDE AGREEMENTS IN NOTICE. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) I
NCLUSION OF PARTNERSHIP AND SIDE  
AGREEMENTS .—A written notice submitted under clause (i) by a party to a covered transaction shall include a copy of any part-nership agreements, integration agreements, or other side agreements relating to the transaction, including any such agreements relating to the transfer of intellectual prop-erty, as specified in regulations prescribed by the Committee.’’. 
SEC. 1706. DECLARATIONS FOR CERTAIN COV-ERED TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)), as amended by section 1705, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) D
ECLARATIONS FOR CERTAIN COVERED  
TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—A party to any covered transaction may submit to the Committee a declaration with basic information regarding the transaction instead of a written notice under clause (i). ‘‘(II) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations establishing require-ments for declarations submitted under this clause. In prescribing such regulations, the Committee shall ensure that such declara-tions are submitted as abbreviated notifica-tions that would not generally exceed 5 pages in length. ‘‘(III) C
OMMITTEE RESPONSE TO DECLARA -
TION.— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receiving a dec-laration under this clause with respect to a covered transaction, the Committee may, at the discretion of the Committee— ‘‘(AA) request that the parties to the transaction file a written notice under clause (i); ‘‘(BB) inform the parties to the trans-action that the Committee is not able to complete action under this section with re-spect to the transaction on the basis of the declaration and that the parties may file a written notice under clause (i) to seek writ-ten notification from the Committee that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the trans-action; ‘‘(CC) initiate a unilateral review of the transaction under subparagraph (D); or ‘‘(DD) notify the parties in writing that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the trans-action. ‘‘(bb) TIMING .—The Committee shall take action under item (aa) not later than 30 days after receiving a declaration under this clause. ‘‘(cc) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subclause (other than item (aa)(CC)) shall be construed to affect the authority of the President or the Committee to take any action authorized by this section with re-spect to a covered transaction. ‘‘(IV) M
ANDATORY DECLARATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations specifying the types of covered transactions for which the Com-mittee requires a declaration under this sub-clause. ‘‘(bb) C
ERTAIN COVERED TRANSACTIONS WITH  
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT INTERESTS .— ‘‘(AA) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subitem (BB), the parties to a covered transaction shall submit a declaration de-scribed in subclause (I) with respect to the transaction if the transaction involves an in-vestment that results in the acquisition, di-rectly or indirectly, of a substantial interest in a United States critical infrastructure company or United States critical tech-nology company by a foreign person in which a foreign government has, directly or indi-rectly, a substantial interest. ‘‘(BB) E
XCEPTION .—The submission of a declaration described in subclause (I) shall not be required with respect to a transaction described in subitem (AA) if each foreign person that is a party to the transaction, and each foreign person with ownership or con-trol over a party to the transaction, is from a country or part of a country identified by the Committee under subsection (a)(5)(C)(iii). ‘‘(CC) S
UBSTANTIAL INTEREST DEFINED .— In this item, the term ‘substantial interest’ has the meaning given that term in regula-tions which the Committee shall prescribe. In developing those regulations, the Com-mittee shall consider the means by which a foreign government could influence the ac-tions of a foreign person, including through board membership, ownership interest, or shareholder rights. An interest that is a pas-sive investment (as defined in subsection (a)(5)(D)) or that is less than a 10 percent voting interest shall not be considered a sub-stantial interest. ‘‘(cc) O
THER DECLARATIONS REQUIRED BY  
COMMITTEE .—The Committee shall require the submission of a declaration described in subclause (I) with respect to any covered transaction identified under regulations pre-scribed by the Committee for purposes of this item, at the discretion of the Committee and based on appropriate factors, such as— ‘‘(AA) the technology, industry, eco-nomic sector, or economic subsector in which the United States business that is a party to the transaction trades or of which it is a part; ‘‘(BB) the difficulty of remedying the harm to national security that may result from completion of the transaction; ‘‘(CC) the difficulty of obtaining informa-tion on the type of covered transaction through other means; and ‘‘(DD) the difficulty of obtaining infor-mation on the ultimate ownership of the for-eign person that is a party to the trans-action. ‘‘(dd) E
XCEPTION .—The submission of a dec-laration described in subclause (I) shall not be required pursuant to this subclause with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3137 June 6, 2018 
respect to an investment by an investment fund if— ‘‘(AA) the fund is managed exclusively by a general partner, a managing member, or an equivalent; ‘‘(BB) the general partner, managing member, or equivalent is not a foreign per-son; and ‘‘(CC) the investment fund satisfies, with respect to any foreign person with member-ship as a limited partner on an advisory board or a committee of the fund, the cri-teria specified in items (cc) and (dd) of sub-section (a)(5)(D)(iv). ‘‘(ee) S
UBMISSION OF WRITTEN NOTICE AS AN  
ALTERNATIVE .—Parties to a covered trans-action for which a declaration is required under this subclause may instead elect to submit a written notice under clause (i). ‘‘(ff) T
IMING OF SUBMISSION .— ‘‘(AA) I
N GENERAL .—A declaration re-quired to be submitted with respect to a cov-ered transaction by this subclause shall be submitted not later than 45 days before the completion of the transaction. ‘‘(BB) W
RITTEN NOTICE .—If, pursuant to item (ee), the parties to a covered trans-action elect to submit a written notice under clause (i) instead of a declaration under this subclause, the written notice shall be filed not later than 90 days before the completion of the transaction. ‘‘(gg) P
ENALTIES .—The Committee may im-pose a penalty pursuant to subsection (h)(3) with respect to a party that fails to comply with this subclause.’’. 
SEC. 1707. STIPULATIONS REGARDING TRANS-ACTIONS. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)), as amended by section 1706, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) S
TIPULATIONS REGARDING TRANS -
ACTIONS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In a written notice sub-mitted under clause (i) or a declaration sub-mitted under clause (v) with respect to a transaction, a party to the transaction may— ‘‘(aa) stipulate that the transaction is a covered transaction; and ‘‘(bb) if the party stipulates that the trans-action is a covered transaction under item (aa), stipulate that the transaction is a for-eign government-controlled transaction. ‘‘(II) B
ASIS FOR STIPULATION .—A written notice submitted under clause (i) or a dec-laration submitted under clause (v) that in-cludes a stipulation under subclause (I) shall include a description of the basis for the stipulation.’’. 
SEC. 1708. AUTHORITY FOR UNILATERAL INITI-ATION OF REVIEWS. 
Section 721(b)(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (F) and (G), respec-tively; (2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (G)’’; (B) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘(other than a covered transaction described in subpara-graph (E))’’ after ‘‘any covered transaction’’; (C) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) any covered transaction described in subparagraph (E), if any party to the trans-action submitted false or misleading mate-rial information to the Committee in con-nection with the Committee’s consideration of the transaction or omitted material infor-mation, including material documents, from information submitted to the Committee; or’’; and (D) in clause (iii)— (i) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘any covered transaction that has previously been reviewed or investigated under this section,’’ and inserting ‘‘any cov-ered transaction described in subparagraph (E),’’; (ii) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘inten-tionally’’; (iii) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘an in-tentional’’ and inserting ‘‘a’’; and (iv) in subclause (III), by inserting ‘‘ade-quate and appropriate’’ before ‘‘remedies or enforcement tools’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) COVERED TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED .—A covered transaction is described in this sub-paragraph if— ‘‘(i) the Committee has informed the par-ties to the transaction in writing that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the transaction; or ‘‘(ii) the President has announced a deci-sion not to exercise the President’s author-ity under subsection (d) with respect to the transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1709. TIMING FOR REVIEWS AND INVESTIGA-TIONS. 
Section 721(b) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)), as amended by section 1708, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(F), by striking ‘‘30’’ and inserting ‘‘45’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-graph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) T
IMING .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), any investigation under subpara-graph (A) shall be completed before the end of the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the investigation commenced. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION FOR EXTRAORDINARY CIR -
CUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In extraordinary cir-cumstances (as defined by the Committee in regulations), the chairperson may, at the re-quest of the head of the lead agency, extend an investigation under subparagraph (A) for one 30-day period. ‘‘(II) N
ONDELEGATION .—The authority of the chairperson and the head of the lead agency referred to in subclause (I) may not be delegated to any person other than the Deputy Secretary of the Treasury or the dep-uty head (or equivalent thereof) of the lead agency, as the case may be. ‘‘(III) N
OTIFICATION TO PARTIES .—If the Committee extends the deadline under sub-clause (I) with respect to a covered trans-action, the Committee shall notify the par-ties to the transaction of the extension.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) T
OLLING OF DEADLINES DURING LAPSE IN  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Any deadline or time limi-tation under this subsection shall be tolled during a lapse in appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 1710. MONITORING OF NON-NOTIFIED AND NON-DECLARED TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 721(b)(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)), as amended by sections 1708 and 1709, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) M
ONITORING OF NON -NOTIFIED AND NON - 
DECLARED TRANSACTIONS .—The Committee shall establish a mechanism to identify cov-ered transactions for which— ‘‘(i) a notice under clause (i) of subpara-graph (C) or a declaration under clause (v) of that subparagraph is not submitted to the Committee; and ‘‘(ii) information is reasonably available.’’. 
SEC. 1711. SUBMISSION OF CERTIFICATIONS TO CONGRESS. 
Section 721(b)(3)(C) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(3)(C)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii)— (A) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘and the Select Committee on Intelligence’’ after ‘‘Urban Affairs’’; and (B) in subclause (IV), by inserting ‘‘and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence’’ after ‘‘Financial Services’’; (2) in clause (iv), by striking subclause (II) and inserting the following: ‘‘(II) DELEGATION OF CERTIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to item (bb), the chairperson, in consultation with the Committee, may determine the level of offi-cial to whom the signature requirement under subclause (I) for the chairperson and the head of the lead agency may be dele-gated. The level of official to whom the sig-nature requirement may be delegated may differ based on any factor relating to a trans-action that the chairperson, in consultation with the Committee, deems appropriate, in-cluding the type or value of the transaction. ‘‘(bb) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION WITH RE -
SPECT TO CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS .—The signa-ture requirement under subclause (I) may be delegated not below the level of the Assist-ant Secretary of the Treasury or an equiva-lent official of the lead agency in the case of a covered transaction— ‘‘(AA) assessed by the Director of Na-tional Intelligence under paragraph (4) as more likely than not to threaten the na-tional security of the United States; ‘‘(BB) with respect to which the Com-mittee conducts an investigation under para-graph (2); or ‘‘(CC) with respect to which a request is made by an official at the Deputy Assistant Secretary or Assistant Secretary level of an agency or department represented on the Committee, or an equivalent thereof, that the transaction be reviewed by the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury and an equivalent official of the lead agency. ‘‘(cc) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION WITH RE -
SPECT TO OTHER TRANSACTIONS .—In the case of any covered transaction not described in item (bb), the signature requirement under subclause (I) may be delegated not below the level of a Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury or an equivalent official of the lead agency.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) A
UTHORITY TO CONSOLIDATE DOCU -
MENTS .—Instead of transmitting a separate certified notice or certified report under sub-paragraph (A) or (B) with respect to each covered transaction, the Committee may, on a monthly basis, transmit such notices and reports in a consolidated document to the Members of Congress specified in clause (iii).’’. 
SEC. 1712. ANALYSIS BY DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE. 
Section 721(b)(4) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) A
NALYSIS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Director of National Intelligence shall expeditiously carry out a thorough analysis of any threat to the na-tional security of the United States posed by any covered transaction, which shall include the identification of any recognized gaps in the collection of intelligence relevant to the analysis. ‘‘(ii) V
IEWS OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .— The Director shall seek and incorporate into the analysis required by clause (i) the views of all affected or appropriate agencies of the intelligence community with respect to the transaction. ‘‘(iii) U
PDATES .—At the request of the lead agency, the Director shall update the anal-ysis conducted under clause (i) with respect to a covered transaction with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3138 June 6, 2018 
which an agreement was entered into under subsection (l)(3)(A). ‘‘(iv) I
NDEPENDENCE AND OBJECTIVITY .—The Committee shall ensure that its processes under this section preserve the ability of the Director to conduct analysis under clause (i) that is independent, objective, and con-sistent with all applicable directives, poli-cies, and analytic tradecraft standards of the intelligence community.’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) as subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E), re-spectively; (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) B
ASIC THREAT INFORMATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of National Intelligence may provide the Committee with basic information regarding any threat to the national security of the United States posed by a covered transaction described in clause (ii) instead of conducting the analysis required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) C
OVERED TRANSACTION DESCRIBED .—A covered transaction is described in this clause if— ‘‘(I) the transaction is described in sub-section (a)(5)(B)(ii); ‘‘(II) the Director of National Intelligence has completed an analysis pursuant to sub-paragraph (A) involving each foreign person that is a party to the transaction during the 12 months preceding the review or investiga-tion of the transaction under this section; or ‘‘(III) the transaction otherwise meets cri-teria agreed upon by the Committee and the Director for purposes of this subparagraph.’’; (4) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A
SSESSMENT OF OPERATIONAL IM -
PACT .—The Director may provide to the Committee an assessment, separate from the analyses under subparagraphs (A) and (B), of any operational impact of a covered trans-action on the intelligence community and a description of any actions that have been or will be taken to mitigate any such impact. ‘‘(G) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Com-mittee shall submit the analysis required by subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction to the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives upon the conclu-sion of action under this section (other than compliance plans under subsection (l)(6)) with respect to the transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1713. INFORMATION SHARING. 
Section 721(c) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any information’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), any information’’; (2) by striking ‘‘, except as may be rel-evant’’ and all that follows and inserting a period; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not prohibit the disclosure of the following: ‘‘(A) Information relevant to any adminis-trative or judicial action or proceeding. ‘‘(B) Information to Congress or any duly authorized committee or subcommittee of Congress. ‘‘(C) Information to any domestic or for-eign governmental entity, under the direc-tion of the chairperson, to the extent nec-essary for national security purposes and pursuant to appropriate confidentiality and classification arrangements. ‘‘(D) Information that the parties have consented to be disclosed to third parties. ‘‘(3) C
OOPERATION WITH ALLIES AND PART -
NERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The chairperson, in con-sultation with other members of the Com-mittee, should establish a formal process for the exchange of information under paragraph (2)(C) with governments of countries that are allies or partners of the United States, in the discretion of the chairperson, to protect the national security of the United States and those countries. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The process estab-lished under subparagraph (A) should, in the discretion of the chairperson— ‘‘(i) be designed to facilitate the harmoni-zation of action with respect to trends in in-vestment and technology that could pose risks to the national security of the United States and countries that are allies or part-ners of the United States; ‘‘(ii) provide for the sharing of information with respect to specific technologies and en-tities acquiring such technologies as appro-priate to ensure national security; and ‘‘(iii) include consultations and meetings with representatives of the governments of such countries on a recurring basis.’’. 
SEC. 1714. ACTION BY THE PRESIDENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 721(d) of the De-fense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(d)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (4), the President may, with respect to a covered transaction that threatens to impair the na-tional security of the United States, take such action for such time as the President considers appropriate to suspend or prohibit the transaction or to require divestment.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘not later than 15 days’’ and all that follows and insert-ing the following: ‘‘with respect to a covered transaction not later than 15 days after the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which the investigation of the transaction under subsection (b) is com-pleted; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the Committee oth-erwise refers the transaction to the Presi-dent under subsection (l)(2).’’. (b) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—Section 721(h)(3)(A) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(h)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘including any mitigation’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘subsection (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘including any mitigation agreement en-tered into, conditions imposed, or order issued pursuant to this section’’. 
SEC. 1715. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
Section 721(e) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The actions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The actions’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
IVIL ACTIONS .—A civil action chal-lenging an action or finding of the Com-mittee under this section may be brought only in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES FOR REVIEW OF PRIVILEGED  
INFORMATION .—If a civil action challenging an action or finding of the Committee under this section is brought, and the court deter-mines that protected information in the ad-ministrative record, including classified, sensitive law enforcement, sensitive secu-rity, or other information subject to privi-lege or protections under any provision of law, is necessary to resolve the challenge, that information shall be submitted ex parte and in camera to the court and the court shall maintain that information under seal. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY OF USE OF INFORMATION  
PROVISIONS .—The use of information provi-sions of sections 106, 305, 405, and 706 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1806, 1825, 1845, and 1881e) shall not apply in a civil action brought under this subsection.’’. SEC. 1716. MEMBERSHIP AND STAFF OF COM-MITTEE. 
(a) H IRING AUTHORITY .—Section 721(k) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(k)) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) H
IRING AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) S
ENIOR OFFICIALS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each member of the Committee shall designate an Assistant Sec-retary, or an equivalent official, who is ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, to carry out such duties related to the Committee as the member of the Committee may delegate. ‘‘(ii) D
EPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY .—In addition to officials of the Department of the Treasury authorized under section 301 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law, there are authorized at the Department of the Treasury, to carry out such duties related to the Committee as the Secretary of the Treasury may delegate, con-sistent with this section and reflecting the expanded authorities of the Committee and the role of the Department of the Treasury in implementing those authorities under the amendments made by the Foreign Invest-ment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018, the following: ‘‘(I) One official, who is appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, who shall be compensated at a rate not to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for level III of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5314 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(II) One official, who is appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, who shall be compensated at a rate not to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL HIRING AUTHORITY .—The heads of the departments and agencies rep-resented on the Committee may appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3318 of title 5, United States Code, candidates directly to positions in the competitive service (as defined in section 2102 of that title) in their respective depart-ments and agencies to administer this sec-tion.’’. (b) P
ROCEDURES FOR RECUSAL OF MEMBERS  
OFCOMMITTEE FOR CONFLICTS OF INTEREST .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States shall— (1) establish procedures for the recusal of any member of the Committee that has a conflict of interest with respect to a covered transaction (as defined in section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703); (2) submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report describing those procedures; and (3) brief the committees specified in para-graph (1) on the report required by paragraph (2). 
SEC. 1717. ACTIONS BY THE COMMITTEE TO AD-DRESS NATIONAL SECURITY RISKS. 
Section 721(l) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(l)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘M
ITIGATION , T RACKING , AND P
OSTCONSUMMATION MONITORING AND EN-
FORCEMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTIONS BY THE  C
OMMITTEE TO ADDRESS NATIONAL SECURITY  R
ISKS’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3139 June 6, 2018 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (3), (5), and (6), respec-tively; (3) by inserting before paragraph (3), as re-designated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(1) S
USPENSION OF TRANSACTIONS .—The Committee, acting through the chairperson, may suspend a proposed or pending covered transaction that may pose a risk to the na-tional security of the United States for such time as the covered transaction is under re-view or investigation under subsection (b). ‘‘(2) R
EFERRAL TO PRESIDENT .—The Com-mittee may, at any time during the review or investigation of a covered transaction under subsection (b), complete the action of the Committee with respect to the trans-action and refer the transaction to the Presi-dent for action pursuant to subsection (d).’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘I
N GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘A GREE -
MENTS AND CONDITIONS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘The Committee’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘threat’’ and inserting ‘‘risk’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) A
BANDONMENT OF TRANSACTIONS .—If a party to a covered transaction has volun-tarily chosen to abandon the transaction, the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, may negotiate, enter into or impose, and enforce any agreement or condition with any party to the covered transaction for pur-poses of effectuating such abandonment and mitigating any risk to the national security of the United States that arises as a result of the covered transaction. ‘‘(iii) A
GREEMENTS AND CONDITIONS RELAT -
ING TO COMPLETED TRANSACTIONS .—The Com-mittee or lead agency, as the case may be, may negotiate, enter into or impose, and en-force any agreement or condition with any party to a completed covered transaction in order to mitigate any interim risk to the na-tional security of the United States that may arise as a result of the covered trans-action until such time that the Committee has completed action pursuant to subsection (b) or the President has taken action pursu-ant to subsection (d) with respect to the transaction.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—An agreement may not be entered into or condition imposed under subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction unless the Committee deter-mines that the agreement or condition re-solves the national security concerns posed by the transaction, taking into consider-ation whether the agreement or condition is reasonably calculated to— ‘‘(i) be effective; ‘‘(ii) allow for compliance with the terms of the agreement or condition in an appro-priately verifiable way; and ‘‘(iii) enable effective monitoring of com-pliance with and enforcement of the terms of the agreement or condition. ‘‘(C) J
URISDICTION .—The provisions of sec-tion 706(b) shall apply to any mitigation agreement entered into or condition imposed under subparagraph (A).’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (3), as re-designated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(4) R
ISK-BASED ANALYSIS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any determination of the Committee to suspend a covered trans-action under paragraph (1), to refer a covered transaction to the President under para-graph (2), or to negotiate, enter into or im-pose, or enforce any agreement or condition under paragraph (3)(A) with respect to a cov-ered transaction, shall be based on a risk- based analysis, conducted by the Committee, of the effects on the national security of the United States of the covered transaction, which shall include an assessment of the threat, vulnerabilities, and consequences to national security related to the transaction. ‘‘(B) ACTIONS OF MEMBERS OF THE COM -
MITTEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any member of the Com-mittee who concludes that a covered trans-action poses an unresolved national security concern shall recommend to the Committee that the Committee suspend the transaction under paragraph (1), refer the transaction to the President under paragraph (2), or nego-tiate, enter into or impose, or enforce any agreement or condition under paragraph (3)(A) with respect to the transaction. In making that recommendation, the member shall propose or contribute to the risk-based analysis required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) F
AILURE TO REACH CONSENSUS .—If the Committee fails to reach consensus with re-spect to a recommendation under clause (i) regarding a covered transaction, the mem-bers of the Committee who support an alter-native recommendation shall produce— ‘‘(I) a written statement justifying the al-ternative recommendation; and ‘‘(II) as appropriate, a risk-based analysis that supports the alternative recommenda-tion. ‘‘(C) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), the terms ‘threat’, ‘vulnerabilities’, and ‘consequences to na-tional security’ shall have the meanings given those terms by the Committee by regu-lation.’’; (6) in paragraph (5)(B), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(as defined in the National Security Act of 1947)’’; and (7) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘The lead agency may, at its discretion, seek and receive the assist-ance of other departments or agencies in car-rying out the purposes of this paragraph.’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘
DESIGNATED AGENCY ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The lead agency in connection’’ and inserting ‘‘
DESIGNATED  
AGENCY .—The lead agency in connection’’; (ii) by striking clause (ii); and (iii) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and by moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the left; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) C
OMPLIANCE PLANS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a covered transaction with respect to which an agree-ment is entered into under paragraph (3)(A), the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, shall formulate, adhere to, and keep updated a plan for monitoring compliance with the agreement. ‘‘(ii) E
LEMENTS .—Each plan required by clause (i) with respect to an agreement en-tered into under paragraph (3)(A) shall in-clude an explanation of— ‘‘(I) which member of the Committee will have primary responsibility for monitoring compliance with the agreement; ‘‘(II) how compliance with the agreement will be monitored; ‘‘(III) how frequently compliance reviews will be conducted; ‘‘(IV) whether an independent entity will be utilized under subparagraph (E) to con-duct compliance reviews; and ‘‘(V) what actions will be taken if the par-ties fail to cooperate regarding monitoring compliance with the agreement. ‘‘(D) EFFECT OF LACK OF COMPLIANCE .—If, at any time after a mitigation agreement or condition is entered into or imposed under paragraph (3)(A), the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, determines that a party or parties to the agreement or condi-tion are not in compliance with the terms of the agreement or condition, the Committee or lead agency may, in addition to the au-thority of the Committee to impose pen-alties pursuant to subsection (h)(3) and to unilaterally initiate a review of any covered transaction under subsection (b)(1)(D)(iii)— ‘‘(i) negotiate a plan of action for the party or parties to remediate the lack of compli-ance, with failure to abide by the plan or otherwise remediate the lack of compliance serving as the basis for the Committee to find a material breach of the agreement or condition; ‘‘(ii) require that the party or parties sub-mit a written notice under clause (i) of sub-section (b)(1)(C) or a declaration under clause (v) of that subsection with respect to a covered transaction initiated after the date of the determination of noncompliance and before the date that is 5 years after the date of the determination to the Committee to initiate a review of the transaction under subsection (b); or ‘‘(iii) seek injunctive relief. ‘‘(E) U
SE OF INDEPENDENT ENTITIES TO MON -
ITOR COMPLIANCE .—If the parties to an agree-ment entered into under paragraph (3)(A) enter into a contract with an independent entity from outside the United States Gov-ernment for the purpose of monitoring com-pliance with the agreement, the Committee shall take such action as is necessary to pre-vent a conflict of interest from arising by en-suring that the independent entity owes no fiduciary duty to the parties. ‘‘(F) S
UCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS .—Any agree-ment or condition entered into or imposed under paragraph (3)(A) shall be considered binding on all successors and assigns unless and until the agreement or condition termi-nates on its own terms or is otherwise termi-nated by the Committee in its sole discre-tion. ‘‘(G) A
DDITIONAL COMPLIANCE MEASURES .— Subject to subparagraphs (A) through (F), the Committee shall develop and agree upon methods for evaluating compliance with any agreement entered into or condition imposed with respect to a covered transaction that will allow the Committee to adequately en-sure compliance without unnecessarily di-verting Committee resources from assessing any new covered transaction for which a written notice under clause (i) of subsection (b)(1)(C) or declaration under clause (v) of that subsection has been filed, and if nec-essary, reaching a mitigation agreement with or imposing a condition on a party to such covered transaction or any covered transaction for which a review has been re-opened for any reason.’’. 
SEC. 1718. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT AND OTHER REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT .—Sec- tion 721(m) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(m)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) A list of all notices filed and all re-views or investigations of covered trans-actions completed during the period, with— ‘‘(i) a description of the outcome of each review or investigation, including whether an agreement was entered into or condition was imposed under subsection (l)(3)(A) with respect to the transaction being reviewed or investigated, and whether the President took any action under this section with respect to that transaction; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3140 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(ii) basic information on each party to each such transaction; ‘‘(iii) the nature of the business activities or products of the United States business with which the transaction was entered into or intended to be entered into; and ‘‘(iv) information about any withdrawal from the process.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) Statistics on compliance plans con-ducted and actions taken by the Committee under subsection (l)(6), including subpara-graph (D) of that subsection, during that pe-riod, a general assessment of the compliance of parties with agreements entered into and conditions imposed under subsection (l)(3)(A) that are in effect during that period, includ-ing a description of any actions taken by the Committee to impose penalties or initiate a unilateral review pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(D)(iii), and any recommendations for improving the enforcement of such agree-ments and conditions. ‘‘(H) Cumulative and, as appropriate, trend information on the number of declarations filed under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v), the ac-tions taken by the Committee in response to those declarations, the business sectors in-volved in those declarations, and the coun-tries involved in those declarations. ‘‘(I) A description of— ‘‘(i) the methods used by the Committee to monitor non-notified and non-declared trans-actions under subsection (b)(1)(H); ‘‘(ii) potential methods to improve such monitoring and the resources required to do so; and ‘‘(iii) the number of transactions identified through the mechanism established under that subsection during the reporting period and the number of such transactions flagged for further review.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In order to as-sist’’ and inserting ‘‘
CRITICAL TECH -
NOLOGIES .—In order to assist’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (B); and (C) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesig-nated, 2 ems to the left; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) F
ORM OF REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—All appropriate portions of the annual report under paragraph (1) may be classified. An unclassified version of the report, as appropriate, consistent with safe-guarding national security and privacy, shall be made available to the public. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSIONS IN UNCLASSIFIED VERSION .— The unclassified version of the report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to covered transactions for the reporting period— ‘‘(i) the number of notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i); ‘‘(ii) the number of declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) and the number of such declarations that were required under subclause (IV) of that subsection; ‘‘(iii) the number of declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) for which the Committee required resubmission as notices under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i); ‘‘(iv) the average number of days that elapsed between submission of a declaration under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) and the accept-ance of the declaration by the Committee; ‘‘(v) information on the time it took the Committee to provide comments on, or to accept, notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i), including— ‘‘(I) the average number of business days that elapsed between the date of submission of a draft notice and the date on which the Committee provided written comments on the draft notice; ‘‘(II) the average number of business days that elapsed between the date of submission of a final notice and the date on which the Committee accepted or provided written comments on the final notice; and ‘‘(III) if the average number of business days for a response by the Committee re-ported under subclause (I) or (II) exceeded 10 business days— ‘‘(aa) an explanation of the causes of such delays, including whether such delays are caused by resource shortages, unusual fluc-tuations in the volume of notices, trans-action characteristics, or other factors; and ‘‘(bb) an explanation of the steps that the Committee anticipates taking to mitigate the causes of such delays and otherwise to improve the ability of the Committee to pro-vide comments on, or to accept, notices within 10 business days; ‘‘(vi) the number of reviews or investiga-tions conducted under subsection (b); ‘‘(vii) the number of investigations that were subject to an extension under sub-section (b)(2)(C)(ii); ‘‘(viii) information on the duration of those reviews and investigations, including the average number of days required to com-plete those reviews and investigations; ‘‘(ix) the number of notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i) and declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) that were rejected by the Committee; ‘‘(x) the number of such notices and dec-larations that were withdrawn by a party to the covered transaction; ‘‘(xi) the number of such withdrawals that were followed by the submission of a subse-quent such notice or declaration relating to a substantially similar covered transaction; and ‘‘(xii) such other specific, cumulative, or trend information that the Committee deter-mines is advisable to provide for an assess-ment of the time required for reviews and in-vestigations of covered transactions under this section.’’. (b) REPORT ON CHINESE INVESTMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter through 2026, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to Congress and the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States a report on foreign direct investment transactions made by entities of the People’s Republic of China in the United States. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Total foreign direct investment from the People’s Republic of China in the United States, including total foreign direct invest-ment disaggregated by ultimate beneficial owner. (B) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by value using the following cat-egories: (i) Less than $50,000,000. (ii) Greater than or equal to $50,000,000 and less than $100,000,000. (iii) Greater than or equal to $100,000,000 and less than $1,000,000,000. (iv) Greater than or equal to $1,000,000,000 and less than $2,000,000,000. (v) Greater than or equal to $2,000,000,000 and less than $5,000,000,000. (vi) Greater than or equal to $5,000,000,000. (C) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by 2-digit North American Industry Classification System code. (D) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by investment type, using the fol-lowing categories: (i) Businesses established. (ii) Businesses acquired. (E) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by government and non-government investments, including volume, sector, and type of investment within each category. (F) A list of companies incorporated in the United States purchased through govern-ment investment by the People’s Republic of China. (G) The number of United States affiliates of entities under the jurisdiction of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, the total employees at those affiliates, and the valuation for any publicly traded United States affiliate of such an entity. (H) An analysis of patterns in the invest-ments described in subparagraphs (A) through (F), including in volume, type, and sector, and the extent to which those pat-terns of investments align with the objec-tives outlined by the Government of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in its Made in China 2025 plan, including a comparative analysis of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States and all foreign di-rect investment in the United States. (I) An identification of any limitations on the ability of the Secretary of Commerce to collect comprehensive information that is reasonably and lawfully available about for-eign investment in the United States from the People’s Republic of China on a timeline necessary to complete reports every 2 years as required by paragraph (1), including— (i) an identification of any discrepancies between government and private sector esti-mates of investments from the People’s Re-public of China in the United States; (ii) a description of the different meth-odologies or data collection methods, includ-ing by private sector entities, used to meas-ure foreign investment that may result in different estimates; and (iii) recommendations for enhancing the ability of the Secretary of Commerce to im-prove data collection of information about foreign investment in the United States from the People’s Republic of China. (3) EXTENSION OF DEADLINE .—If, as a result of a limitation identified under paragraph (2)(I), the Secretary of Commerce determines that the Secretary will be unable to submit a report at the time required by paragraph (1), the Secretary may request additional time to complete the report. (c) R
EPORT ON CERTAIN INVESTMENTS BY  S
TATE -OWNED OR STATE -CONTROLLED ENTI-
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, an appropriate member or members of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States shall, in coordination with the chairperson of the Committee, submit to Congress a report assessing— (A) national security threats related to in-vestments in the United States by state- owned or state-controlled entities in the manufacture or assembly of rolling stock or other assets for use in freight rail, public transportation, or intercity passenger rail systems, including the construction of new facilities; (B) how the number and types of such in-vestments could affect any such threats; and (C) the authority and ability of the Com-mittee to respond to such threats. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—The member or mem-bers of the Committee on Foreign Invest-ment in the United States preparing the re-port required by paragraph (1) shall consult with the Secretary of Transportation and the head of any agency that is not rep-resented on the Committee that has signifi-cant technical expertise related to the as-sessments required by paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3141 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 1719. CERTIFICATION OF NOTICES AND IN-FORMATION. 
Section 721(n) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(n)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so re-designated, 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘Each notice’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each notice’’; (3) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)(B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (6)(B)’’; (4) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’; (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO SUBMIT .—The Committee may not complete a review under this section of a covered transaction and may recommend to the President that the President suspend or prohibit the trans-action or require divestment under sub-section (d) if the Committee determines that a party to the transaction has— ‘‘(A) failed to submit a statement required by paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) included false or misleading informa-tion in a notice or information described in paragraph (1) or omitted material informa-tion from such notice or information. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABILITY OF LAW ON FRAUD AND  
FALSE STATEMENTS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations expressly providing for the application of section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, to all information pro-vided to the Committee under this section by any party to a covered transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1720. IMPLEMENTATION PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and the Sec-retary of Commerce shall, in consultation with the appropriate members of the Com-mittee— (1) develop plans to implement this title; and (2) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the plans developed under paragraph (1), which shall include a description of— (A) the timeline and process to implement the provisions of, and amendments made by, this title; (B) any additional staff necessary to imple-ment the plans; and (C) the resources required to effectively implement the plans. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1721. ASSESSMENT OF NEED FOR ADDI-TIONAL RESOURCES FOR COM-MITTEE. 
The President shall— (1) determine whether and to what extent the expansion of the responsibilities of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States pursuant to the amendments made by this title necessitates additional re-sources for the Committee and the depart-ments and agencies represented on the Com-mittee to perform their functions under sec-tion 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by this title; and (2) if the President determines that addi-tional resources are necessary, include in the budget of the President for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a request for such addi-tional resources. SEC. 1722. FUNDING. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) F
UNDING .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF FUND .—There is es-tablished in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States Fund’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the chairperson. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATION OF FUNDS FOR THE COM -
MITTEE .—There are authorized to be appro-priated to the Fund such sums as may be necessary to perform the functions of the Committee. ‘‘(3) F
ILING FEES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee may as-sess and collect a fee in an amount deter-mined by the Committee in regulations, to the extent provided in advance in appropria-tions Acts, without regard to section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, and subject to subparagraph (B), with respect to each cov-ered transaction for which a written notice is submitted to the Committee under sub-section (b)(1)(C)(i). The total amount of fees collected under this paragraph may not ex-ceed the costs of administering this section. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF FEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In determining the amount of the fee to be assessed under sub-paragraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction, the Committee shall base the amount of the fee on the value of the trans-action, taking into consideration— ‘‘(I) the effect of the fee on small business concerns (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); ‘‘(II) the expenses of the Committee associ-ated with conducting activities under this section; ‘‘(III) the effect of the fee on foreign in-vestment; and ‘‘(IV) such other matters as the Committee considers appropriate. ‘‘(ii) P
RIORITIZATION FEE .—The Committee may establish a fee or fee scale to prioritize the timing of the response of the Committee to a draft or final written notice during the period before the Committee accepts the final written notice under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i), in the event that the Committee is unable to respond during the time required by subclause (II) of that subsection because of an unusually large influx of notices, or for other reasons. ‘‘(iii) U
PDATES .—The Committee shall peri-odically reconsider and adjust the amount of the fee to be assessed under subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction to en-sure that the amount of the fee does not ex-ceed the costs of administering this section and otherwise remains appropriate. ‘‘(C) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES .— Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, fees collected under sub-paragraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) be deposited into the Fund solely for use in carrying out activities under this sec-tion; ‘‘(ii) to the extent and in the amounts pro-vided in advance in appropriations Acts, be available to the chairperson; ‘‘(iii) remain available until expended; and ‘‘(iv) be in addition to any appropriations made available to the members of the Com-mittee. ‘‘(4) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—To the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the chairperson may transfer any amounts in the Fund to any other department or agency represented on the Committee for the purpose of addressing emerging needs in car-rying out activities under this section. Amounts so transferred shall be in addition to any other amounts available to that de-partment or agency for that purpose.’’. SEC. 1723. CENTRALIZATION OF CERTAIN COM-MITTEE FUNCTIONS. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by section 1722, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) C
ENTRALIZATION OF CERTAIN COM-
MITTEE FUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The chairperson, in con-sultation with the Committee, may cen-tralize certain functions of the Committee within the Department of the Treasury for the purpose of enhancing interagency coordi-nation and collaboration in carrying out the functions of the Committee under this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS .—Functions that may be centralized under paragraph (1) include mon-itoring non-notified and non-declared trans-actions pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(H), and other functions as determined by the chair-person and the Committee. ‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the authority of any department or agency represented on the Committee to represent its own interests before the Committee.’’. 
SEC. 1724. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by this title, is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(D)(iii)(I), by striking ‘‘subsection (l)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (l)(3)(A)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘that threat’’ and inserting ‘‘the risk’’; (2) in subsection (d)(4)(A), by striking ‘‘the foreign interest exercising control’’ and in-serting ‘‘a foreign person that would acquire an interest in a United States business or its assets as a result of the covered trans-action’’; and (3) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘merger, acquisition, or takeover’’ and inserting ‘‘transaction’’. 
SEC. 1725. REQUIREMENTS TO IDENTIFY AND CONTROL THE EXPORT OF EMERG-ING AND FOUNDATIONAL TECH-NOLOGIES. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF TECHNOLOGIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall estab-lish and, in coordination with the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, lead, a regular, ongoing inter-agency process to identify emerging and foundational technologies that— (A) are essential to the national security of the United States; and (B) are not critical technologies described in clauses (i) through (v) of section 721(a)(8)(B) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703. (2) P
ROCESS .—The interagency process es-tablished under subsection (a) shall— (A) be informed by multiple sources of in-formation, including— (i) publicly available information; (ii) classified information, including rel-evant information provided by the Director of National Intelligence; (iii) information relating to reviews and investigations of transactions by the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States under section 721 of the Defense Pro-duction Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565); and (iv) information provided by the advisory committees established by the Secretary of Commerce to advise the Under Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3142 June 6, 2018 
Commerce for Industry and Security on con-trols under the Export Administration Regu-lations, including the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee; (B) take into account— (i) the development of emerging and foundational technologies in foreign coun-tries; (ii) the effect export controls imposed pur-suant to this section may have on the devel-opment of such technologies in the United States; and (iii) the effectiveness of export controls imposed pursuant to this section on limiting the proliferation of emerging and foundational technologies to foreign coun-tries; and (C) include a notice and comment period. (b) C
OMMERCE CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-merce shall establish appropriate controls under the Export Administration Regula-tions on the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of technology identified pursuant to subsection (a), including by prescribing addi-tional regulations. (2) L
EVELS OF CONTROL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-merce may, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, specify the level of control to apply under paragraph (1) with respect to the export of technology described in that para-graph, including a requirement for a license or other authorization for the export, reex-port, or in-country transfer of that tech-nology. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining under subparagraph (A) the level of control appro-priate for technology described in paragraph (1), the Secretary of Commerce shall take into account— (i) lists of countries to which exports from the United States are restricted; and (ii) the potential end uses and end users of the technology. (C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—At a min-imum, except as provided by paragraph (4), the Secretary of Commerce shall require a li-cense for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of technology described in para-graph (1) to or in a country subject to an em-bargo, including an arms embargo, imposed by the United States. (3) R
EVIEW OF LICENSE APPLICATIONS .— (A) P
ROCEDURES .—The procedures set forth in Executive Order 12981 (50 U.S.C. 4603 note; relating to administration of export con-trols) or a successor order shall apply to the review of an application for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of technology de-scribed in paragraph (1). (B) C
ONSIDERATION OF INFORMATION RELAT -
ING TO NATIONAL SECURITY .—In reviewing an application for a license or other authoriza-tion for the export, reexport, or in-country transfer of technology described in para-graph (1), the Secretary of Commerce shall take into account information provided by the Director of National Intelligence regard-ing any threat to the national security of the United States posed by the proposed export, reexport, or transfer. The Director of Na-tional Intelligence shall provide such infor-mation on the request of the Secretary of Commerce. (C) D
ISCLOSURES RELATING TO COLLABO -
RATIVE ARRANGEMENTS .—In the case of an ap-plication for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or in-country trans-fer of technology described in paragraph (1) submitted by or on behalf of a joint venture, joint development agreement, or similar col-laborative arrangement, the Secretary of Commerce may require the applicant to identify, in addition to any foreign person participating in the arrangement, any for-eign person with significant ownership inter-est in a foreign person participating in the arrangement. (4) EXCEPTIONS .— (A) M
ANDATORY EXCEPTIONS .—The Sec-retary of Commerce may not control under this subsection the export of any tech-nology— (i) described in section 203(b) of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702(b)); or (ii) if the regulation of the export of that technology is prohibited under any other provision of law. (B) R
EGULATORY EXCEPTIONS .—In pre- scribing regulations under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Commerce may include regu-latory exceptions to the requirements of that paragraph. (C) A
DDITIONAL EXCEPTIONS .—The Sec-retary of Commerce shall not be required to impose under paragraph (1) a requirement for a license or other authorization with respect to the export, reexport, or in-country trans-fer of technology described in paragraph (1) pursuant to any of the following trans-actions: (i) The sale or license of a finished item and the provision of associated technology if the United States person that is a party to the transaction generally makes the finished item and associated technology available to its customers, distributors, or resellers. (ii) The sale or license to a customer of a product and the provision of integration services or similar services if the United States person that is a party to the trans-action generally makes such services avail-able to its customers. (iii) The transfer of equipment and the pro-vision of associated technology to operate the equipment if the transfer could not re-sult in the foreign person using the equip-ment to produce critical technologies (as de-fined in section 721(a) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703). (iv) The procurement by the United States person that is a party to the transaction of goods or services, including manufacturing services, from a foreign person that is a party to the transaction, if the foreign per-son has no rights to exploit any technology contributed by the United States person other than to supply the procured goods or services. (v) Any contribution and associated sup-port by a United States person that is a party to the transaction to an industry orga-nization related to a standard or specifica-tion, whether in development or declared, in-cluding any license of or commitment to li-cense intellectual property in compliance with the rules of any standards organization (as defined by the Secretary by regulation). (c) M
ULTILATERAL CONTROLS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Com-merce and the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appro-priate, may propose that any technology identified pursuant to subsection (a) be added to the list of technologies controlled by the relevant multilateral export control regimes. (2) I
TEMS ON COMMERCE CONTROL LIST OR  
UNITED STATES MUNITIONS LIST .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of State proposes to a multilateral export control re-gime under paragraph (1) to add a technology identified pursuant to subsection (a) to the control list of that regime and that regime does not add that technology to the control list during the 3-year period beginning on the date of the proposal, the applicable agen-cy head may determine whether national se-curity concerns warrant the continuation of unilateral export controls with respect to that technology. (B) APPLICABLE AGENCY HEAD DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘applicable agency head’’ means— (i) in the case of technology listed on the Commerce Control List set forth in Supple-ment No. 1 to part 774 of the Export Adminis-tration Regulations, the Secretary of Com-merce, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State; and (ii) in the case of technology listed on the United States Munitions List set forth in part 121 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate. (d) R
EPORT TO COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN IN-
VESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES .—Not less frequently than every 180 days, the Sec-retary of Commerce, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agen-cies, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States a report on the results of ac-tions taken pursuant to this section. (e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not less fre-quently than every 180 days, the Secretary of Commerce, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, shall submit a report on the re-sults of actions taken pursuant to this sec-tion, including actions taken pursuant to subsections (a), (b), and (c), to— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (f) M
ODIFICATIONS TO EMERGING TECH-
NOLOGY AND RESEARCH ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-merce shall revise the objectives of the Emerging Technology and Research Advi-sory Committee, established by the Sec-retary under the Export Administration Reg-ulations, to include advising the interagency process established under subsection (a) with respect to emerging and foundational tech-nologies. (2) D
UTIES .—The Secretary— (A) shall revise the duties of the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Com-mittee to include identifying emerging and foundational technologies that may be devel-oped over a period of 5 years or 10 years; and (B) may revise the duties of the Advisory Committee to include identifying trends in— (i) the ownership by foreign persons and foreign governments of such technologies; (ii) the types of transactions related to such technologies engaged in by foreign per-sons and foreign governments; (iii) the blending of private and govern-ment investment in such technologies; and (iv) efforts to obfuscate ownership of such technologies or to otherwise circumvent the controls established under this section. (3) M
EETINGS .— (A) F
REQUENCY .—The Emerging Tech-nology and Research Advisory Committee should meet not less frequently than every 120 days. (B) A
TTENDANCE .—A representative from each agency participating in the interagency process established under subsection (a) should be in attendance at each meeting of the Emerging Technology and Research Ad-visory Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3143 June 6, 2018 
(4) C LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Not fewer than half of the members of the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Com-mittee should hold sufficient security clear-ances such that classified information, in-cluding classified information described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of subsection (a)(2)(A), from the interagency process established under subsection (a) can be shared with those members to inform the advice provided by the Advisory Committee. (5) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT .—Subsections (a)(1), (a)(3), and (b) of section 10 and sections 11, 13, and 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Com-mittee. (6) R
EPORT .—The Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee shall in-clude the findings of the Advisory Com-mittee under this subsection in the annual report to Congress required by section 14 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4616) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). (g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter or limit— (1) the authority of the President or the Secretary of State to designate items as de-fense articles and defense services for the purposes of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) or to otherwise regulate such items; or (2) the authority of the President under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Act of 1978 (22 U.S.C. 3201 et seq.), the Energy Reor-ganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5801 et seq.), or the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) or any other provision of law relating to the control of exports. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
XPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS .— The term ‘‘Export Administration Regula-tions’’ means subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations. (2) I
N-COUNTRY TRANSFER .—The term ‘‘in- country transfer’’ has the meaning given to the term in the Export Administration Regu-lations. (3) R
EEXPORT .—The term ‘‘reexport’’ has the meaning given to the term in the Export Administration Regulations. (4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means any person subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. 
SEC. 1726. EXPORT CONTROL ENFORCEMENT AU-THORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITIES .—In order to enforce the provisions of the Export Administration Regulations under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, issued under the authority of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) (pursuant to which the President has continued in effect authorities granted under the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.)), the Presi-dent shall delegate to the Secretary of Com-merce, in addition to existing authorities, the authority to authorize any law enforce-ment officer of the Department of Commerce to conduct investigations (including under-cover investigations) in the United States and in other countries when permitted under such countries’ laws using all applicable laws of the United States. (b) B
ESTPRACTICE GUIDELINES .—The Sec- retary of Commerce, in consultation with the heads of appropriate Federal agencies, may publish and update best practices guide-lines to assist persons in developing and im-plementing, on a voluntary basis, effective export control programs in compliance with the Export Administration Regulations. (c) CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— (1) E
XEMPTIONS FROM DISCLOSURE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Information obtained under the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) may be withheld from disclosure only to the extent permitted by statute, except that in-formation described in subparagraph (B) shall be withheld from public disclosure and shall not be subject to disclosure under sec-tion 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, unless the release of such information is de-termined by the Secretary to be in the na-tional interest. (B) I
NFORMATION DESCRIBED .—Information described in this subparagraph is informa-tion submitted or obtained in connection with an application for a license or other au-thorization to export, reexport, or transfer items or engage in other activities, a record-keeping or reporting requirement, enforce-ment activity, or other operations under the Export Administration Act of 1979, includ-ing— (i) the license application, license, or other authorization itself; (ii) classification or advisory opinion re-quests, and any response to such a request; (iii) license determinations and informa-tion pertaining to such determinations; (iv) information or evidence obtained in the course of any investigation; and (v) information obtained or furnished in connection with any international agree-ment, treaty, or other obligation. (2) I
NFORMATION TO CONGRESS AND GAO .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing the with-holding of information from Congress or the Comptroller General of the United States. (B) A
VAILABILITY TO CONGRESS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Information obtained at any time under any provision of the Export Administration Act of 1979 or the Export Ad-ministration Regulations, including reports or license applications required under any such provision, shall be made available to a committee or subcommittee of Congress of appropriate jurisdiction, upon the request of the chairman or ranking member of the com-mittee or subcommittee. (ii) P
ROHIBITION ON FURTHER DISCLOSURE .— No committee or subcommittee referred to in clause (i), or member thereof, may dis-close any information made available under clause (i) that is submitted on a confidential basis unless the full committee determines that the withholding of that information is contrary to the national interest. (C) A
VAILABILITY TO GAO .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Information described in subparagraph (B)(i) shall be subject to the limitations contained in section 716 of title 31, United States Code. (ii) P
ROHIBITION ON FURTHER DISCLOSURE .— An officer or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not disclose, ex-cept to Congress in accordance with this paragraph, any information described in sub-paragraph (B)(i) that is submitted on a con-fidential basis or from which any individual can be identified. (3) I
NFORMATION SHARING .— (A) E
XCHANGE OF INFORMATION .—The heads of departments, agencies, and offices with enforcement authorities under the Export Administration Act of 1979, consistent with protection of law enforcement and its sources and methods, shall exchange any li-censing and enforcement information with one another that is necessary to facilitate enforcement efforts under this section, and shall consult on a regular basis with one an-other and with the heads of other depart-ments, agencies, and offices that obtain in-formation subject to this paragraph, in order to facilitate the exchange of such informa-tion. (B) PROVISION OF INFORMATION BY FEDERAL  
OFFICIALS .—Any Federal official who obtains information that is relevant to the enforce-ment of the Export Administration Act of 1979, including information pertaining to any investigation, shall furnish such information to each appropriate department, agency, or office with enforcement responsibilities under this section to the extent consistent with the protection of intelligence, counter-intelligence, and law enforcement sources, methods, and activities. (C) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to information subject to the restrictions set forth in sec-tion 9 of title 13, United States Code. Return information, as defined in section 6103(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, may be disclosed only as authorized by that section. (D) I
NFORMATION SHARING WITH FEDERAL  
AGENCIES .—Licensing or enforcement infor-mation obtained under the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 may be shared with heads of departments, agencies, and offices that do not have enforcement authorities under that Act on a case-by-case basis, at the discretion of the Secretary of Commerce. Such infor-mation may be shared only when the Sec-retary makes a determination that the shar-ing of the information is in the national in-terest. 
SEC. 1727. PROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF CIVIL PENALTIES UNDER EXPORT CONTROL AND SANCTIONS LAWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Executive Office of the President may not modify any civil penalty, including a denial order, imple-mented by the Government of the United States with respect to a Chinese tele-communications company pursuant to a de-termination that the company has violated an export control or sanctions law of the United States until the date that is 30 days after the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the company— (1) has not, for a period of one year, con-ducted activities in violation of the laws of the United States; and (2) is fully cooperating with investigations into the activities of the company conducted by the Government of the United States, if any. (b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1728. UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INDUSTRY AND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, any reference in the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) or any other law or regu-lation to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration shall be deemed to be a reference to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security. (b) T
ITLE 5.—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Adminis-tration’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security’’. (c) C
ONTINUATION IN OFFICE .—The indi-vidual serving as Under Secretary of Com-merce for Export Administration on the day 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3144 June 6, 2018 
before the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the Under Secretary of Com-merce for Industry and Security on and after that date without the need for renomination or reappointment. 
SEC. 1729. LIMITATION ON CANCELLATION OF DESIGNATION OF SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR A CERTAIN DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION ON CANCELLATION OF DES-
IGNATION .—The Secretary of Defense may not implement the decision, issued on July 1, 2017, to cancel the designation, under De-partment of Defense Directive 4400.01E, enti-tled ‘‘Defense Production Act Programs’’ and dated October 12, 2001, of the Secretary of the Air Force as the Department of Defense Executive Agent for the program carried out under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.) until the date specified in subsection (c). (b) D
ESIGNATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall continue to serve as the sole and exclusive Department of Defense Executive Agent for the program described in sub-section (a) until the date specified in sub-section (c). (c) D
ATESPECIFIED .—The date specified in this subsection is the date of the enactment of a joint resolution or an Act approving the implementation of the decision described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 1730. REVIEW OF AND REPORT ON CERTAIN DEFENSE TECHNOLOGIES CRITICAL TO THE UNITED STATES MAINTAIN-ING SUPERIOR MILITARY CAPABILI-TIES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Direc-tor of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Air Force Research Laboratory, the Defense Advanced Projects Research Agency, and such other appropriate research entities as the Secretary and the Director may iden-tify, shall— (1) jointly carry out and complete a review of key national security technology capa-bility advantages, competitions, and gaps be-tween the United States and ‘‘near peer’’ na-tions; (2) develop a definition of ‘‘near peer na-tion’’ for purposes of paragraph (1); and (3) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the findings of the Secretary and the Director with respect to the review conducted under paragraph (1). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review conducted under paragraph (1) of subsection (a), and the report required by paragraph (3) of that sub-section, shall identify, at a minimum, the following: (1) Key United States industries and re-search and development activities expected to be critical to maintaining a national secu-rity technology capability if, during the 5- year period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary and the Director anticipate that— (A) a United States industrial base short-fall will exist; and (B) United States industry will be unable to or otherwise will not provide the needed capacity in a timely manner without finan-cial assistance from the United States Gov-ernment through existing statutory authori-ties specifically intended for that purpose, including assistance provided under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.) and other appropriate au-thorities. (2) Key areas in which the United States currently enjoys a technological advantage. (3) Key areas in which the United States no longer enjoys a technological advantage. (4) Sectors of the defense industrial base in which the United States lacks adequate pro-ductive capacity to meet critical national defense needs. (5) Priority areas for which appropriate statutory industrial base incentives should be applied as the most cost-effective, expe-dient, and practical alternative for meeting the technology or defense industrial base needs identified under this subsection, in-cluding— (A) sustainment of critical production and supply chain capabilities; (B) commercialization of research and de-velopment investments; (C) scaling of emerging technologies; and (D) other areas as determined by the Sec-retary and the Director. (6) Priority funding recommendations with respect to key areas that the Secretary, in consultation with the Director, determines are— (A) critical to the United States maintain-ing superior military capabilities, especially with respect to potential peer and near peer military or economic competitors, during the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) suitable for long-term investment from funds made available under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 and other ap-propriate statutory authorities. (c) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a)(3) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1731. BRIEFING ON INFORMATION FROM TRANSACTIONS REVIEWED BY COM-MITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES RELATING TO FOREIGN EFFORTS TO INFLU-ENCE DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONS AND PROCESSES. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or a designee of the Secretary) shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives on— (1) transactions reviewed by the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States during the 5-year period preceding the briefing that the Committee determined would have allowed foreign persons to inap-propriately influence democratic institu-tions and processes within the United States and in other countries; and (2) the disposition of such reviews, includ-ing any steps taken by the Committee to ad-dress the risk of allowing foreign persons to influence such institutions and processes. 
SEC. 1732. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I MMEDIATE APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN  P
ROVISIONS .—The following shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to any covered trans-action the review or investigation of which is initiated under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 on or after such date of enactment: (1) Sections 1705, 1707, 1708, 1709, 1710, 1713, 1714, 1715, 1716, 1717, 1719, 1720, 1721, 1722, 1723, 1724, 1725, 1726, 1727, 1728, and 1729 and the amendments made by those sections. (2) Section 1712 and the amendments made by that section (except for clause (iii) of sec-tion 721(b)(4)(A) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as added by section 1712). (3) Paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (5)(A)(i), (5)(B)(i), (5)(B)(iv)(I), (5)(B)(v), (5)(C)(v), (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), (13), (14), (15), (16), and (17) of subsection (a) of section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703. (4) Section 721(m)(4) of the Defense Produc-tion Act of 1950, as amended by section 1718 (except for clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), and (v) of subparagraph (B) of that section). (b) DELAYED APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN  P
ROVISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any provision of or amendment made by this title not specified in subsection (a) shall— (A) take effect on the date that is 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a determination by the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States that the regulations, organiza-tional structure, personnel, and other re-sources necessary to administer the new pro-visions are in place; and (B) apply with respect to any covered transaction the review or investigation of which is initiated under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 on or after the date described in subparagraph (A). (2) N
ONDELEGATION OF DETERMINATION .— The determination of the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States under paragraph (1)(A) may not be delegated. (c) A
UTHORIZATION FOR PILOT PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date described in subsection (b)(1)(A), the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States may, at its discretion, conduct one or more pilot programs to implement any authority provided pursuant to any pro-vision of or amendment made by this title not specified in subsection (a). (2) P
UBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .—A pilot program may not commence until the date that is 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a determination by the chairperson of the Committee of the scope of and procedures for the pilot program. That determination may not be delegated. 
SEC. 1733. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this title or an amend-ment made by this title, or the application of such a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid, the application of that provision or amend-ment to other persons or circumstances and the remainder of the provisions of this title and the amendments made by this title, shall not be affected thereby. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-FIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER  T
HREE YEARS .—Except as provided in sub-section (b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX for military construction projects, land acquisi-tion, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authorizations of appropria-tions therefor) shall expire on the later of— (1) October 1, 2023; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2024. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to authorizations for military con-struction projects, land acquisition, family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3145 June 6, 2018 
housing projects and facilities, and contribu-tions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program (and au-thorizations of appropriations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obli-gated before the later of— (1) October 1, 2023; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for fiscal year 2024 for mili-tary construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. SEC. 2003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX shall take effect on the later of— (1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Inside the United States 
State Installation Amount 
Alabama .............................. Anniston Army Depot ............................................................... *$5,200, 000 
California ............................ Fort Irwin ............................................................................... .. $29,000,000 
Colorado .............................. Fort Carson .............................................................................. . $77,000,000 
Georgia ................................ Fort Gordon ............................................................................. . $99,000,000 
Hawaii ................................. Wheeler Army Airfield .............................................................. $50,0 00,000 
Indiana ................................ Crane Army Ammunition Activity ........................................... $16,000,000 
Kentucky ............................ Fort Campbell ........................................................................... $50 ,000,000 
Fort Knox ................................................................................. $26,000,000 
New Jersey .......................... Picatinny Arsenal ..................................................................... $41,0 00,000 
New Mexico ......................... White Sands Missile Range ....................................................... $40,000,000 
New York ............................ West Point Military Reservation .............................................. $160,000,000 
North Carolina .................... Fort Bragg ................................................................................ $10 ,000,000 
South Carolina .................... Fort Jackson ............................................................................ $52,0 00,000 
Texas ................................... Fort Bliss ............................................................................. ..... $24,000,000 
Fort Hood .................................................................................. $9,600,000 
Virginia ............................... Arlington National Cemetery Southern Expansion .................. $30,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Installation Amount 
Germany .................................. East Camp Grafenwoehr ...................................................... $31,000,000  
Honduras .................................. Soto Cano Air Base .............................................................. $21,0 00,000 
Korea ........................................ Camp Tango ........................................................................ . $17,500,000 
Kuwait ...................................... Camp Arifjan ....................................................................... $44,000,000 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or acquire family hous-ing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Army: Family Housing 
State/Country Installation or Location Units Amount 
Italy ........................ Vicenza ...................................................... Family Housing New Construction.$95,134,000 
Korea ...................... Camp Walker ............................................. Family Housing Replace- ment Construction.$68,000,000 
Puerto Rico ............. Fort Buchanan ........................................... Family Housing Replace- ment Construction.$26,000,000 
Wisconsin Fort McCoy ................................................ Family Housing New Construction.$6,200,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and avail-able for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may carry out ar-chitectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of fam-ily housing units in an amount not to exceed $18,326,000. SEC. 2103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, ARMY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3146 June 6, 2018 
land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2104. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the au-thorization set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (128 Stat. 3670), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2019, or the date of the en-actment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-tary construction for fiscal year 2020, which-ever is later. (b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-section (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
California .......... Military Ocean Terminal, Con-cord.Access Control Point ................. $9,900,000 
Japan ................. Kadena Air Base ........................ Missile Magazine ....................... $10,600,000 
SEC. 2105. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1145) the author-ization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (129 Stat. 1146), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2023, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military con-struction for fiscal year 2024, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-section (a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2016 Project Authorization 
Virginia ........................................... Arlington Cemetery (DAR) ........................................... $60,000,0 00 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Arizona ............................... Camp Navajo ............................................................................. $ 14,800,000 
California ............................ Camp Pendleton ........................................................................ $19 9,630,000 
Coronado ................................................................................... $77,780,000 
Lemoore .................................................................................... $112,690,000 
Miramar .................................................................................... $31,980,000 
Point Mugu ............................................................................... $22,150,000 
San Diego .................................................................................. $156,540,000 
San Nicolas Island .................................................................... $31,010,000 
Seal Beach ................................................................................ $139,630,000 
District of Columbia .......... Naval Observatory .................................................................... $115,600,000  
Florida ................................ Mayport ................................................................................. ... $111,460,000 
Naval Air Station Whiting Field .............................................. $10,000,000 
Georgia ............................... Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany ........................................ $31,900,000 
Hawaii ................................. Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .............................................. $45,000,000 
Kaneohe Bay ............................................................................. $66,100,000 
Pearl City ................................................................................. $78,320,000 
Maine .................................. Kittery ................................................................................. ..... $149,685,000 
Mississippi .......................... Naval Construction Battalion Center ....................................... $22,300,000 
North Carolina .................... Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station .................................... $240,830,000 
Camp Lejeune ........................................................................... $51,300,000 
Pennsylvania ...................... Philadelphia .............................................................................. $71 ,050,000 
South Carolina .................... Beaufort .................................................................................... $ 15,817,000 
Parris Island ............................................................................. $35,190,000 
Utah .................................... Hill Air Force Base ................................................................... $ 105,520,000 
Virginia ............................... Portsmouth .............................................................................. . $26,120,000 
Quantico .................................................................................... $13,100,000 
Washington ......................... Bangor ...................................................................................... . $88,960,000 
Whidbey Island .......................................................................... $27,380,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3147 June 6, 2018 
outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Bahamas ................................. Andros Island .......................................................................... $31,050,000 
Bahrain Island ........................ SW Asia .................................................................................. $26,340,000 
Cuba ........................................ Guantanamo Bay .................................................................... $ 85,000,000 
Germany ................................. Panzer Kaserne ....................................................................... $4 3,950,000 
Guam ...................................... Joint Region Marianas ........................................................... $279, 657,000 
Japan ...................................... Kadena Air Base ..................................................................... $9,049,000 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or acquire family hous-ing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installation or location, in the number of units, and in the amount set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Family Housing 
State Installation or Location Units Amount 
Guam ...................... Joint Region Marianas .............................. Replace Andersen Hous- ing PH III.$83,441,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and avail-able for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may carry out ar-chitectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of fam-ily housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,502,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $16,638,000. SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NAVY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military con-struction projects for the installations or lo-cations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................... Eielson Air Force Base ......................................... $63,800 ,000 
Arizona ................................................. Davis-Monthan Air Force Base ............................ $15,000,000 
Luke Air Force Base ............................................ $40,000,000 
Florida .................................................. Eglin Air Force Base ............................................ $62,86 3,000 
MacDill Air Force Base ........................................ $3,100,000 
Maryland .............................................. Joint Base Andrews .............................................. $50,000,0 00 
Massachusetts ....................................... Hanscom Air Force Base ...................................... $225,000,000 
Nebraska ............................................... Offutt Air Force Base ........................................... $9,500,0 00 
Nevada .................................................. Creech Air Force Base .......................................... $59,000, 000 
Nellis Air Force Base ........................................... $5,900,000 
New Mexico ........................................... Holloman Air Force Base ..................................... $85,000,000 
Kirtland Air Force Base ....................................... $7,000,000 
New York .............................................. Rome Lab ............................................................. $14, 200,000 
North Dakota ....................................... Minot Air Force Base ........................................... $66,000,000 
Ohio ...................................................... Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ........................ $116,100,000 
Oklahoma ............................................. Altus Air Force Base ............................................ $12,000,00 0 
Tinker Air Force Base ......................................... $166,000,000 
South Carolina ...................................... Shaw Air Force Base ............................................ $53,000,000 
Utah ...................................................... Hill Air Force Base .............................................. $26, 000,000 
Washington ........................................... White Bluff ........................................................... $14, 000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au- thorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construc- tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3148 June 6, 2018 
the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military con-struction projects for the installations or lo-cations outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Guam .................................................... Joint Region Marianas ......................................... $9,800,00 0 
Mariana Islands-Tinian ........................ Tinian .................................................................. $50,700,0 00 
Qatar ..................................................... Al Udeid ............................................................. .. $70,400,000 
United Kingdom .................................... RAF Lakenheath .................................................. $148,467,000 
Worldwide Classified ............................. Classified Location .............................................. $18,000,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engi-neering services and construction design ac-tivities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $3,199,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve ex-isting military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $75,247,000. 
SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN PHASED PROJECT AUTHORIZED IN FISCAL YEARS 2015, 2016, AND 2017. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3679) for Royal Air Force Croughton, for JIAC Consolidation Phase 1, the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (divi-sion B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1153) for Croughton Royal Air Force, for JIAC Con-solidation Phase 2, and the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2697) for Royal Air Force Croughton, for JIAC Consolidation Phase 3, the location shall be United Kingdom, Un-specified. 
SEC. 2306. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2017 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2696) for Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, for construction of a basic military training recruit dormitory, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a 26,537 square meter dormitory in the amount of $92,300,000. 
SEC. 2307. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1825) for the United States Air Force Academy, Colorado, for construction of a cyberworks facility, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a facility of up to 4,462 square meters that includes two real prop-erty gifts of construction of 929 and 465 square meters if such gift is accepted by the Secretary in accordance with section 2601 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 2308. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2019 PROJECTS. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATIONS .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force may carry out mili-tary construction projects to construct— (1) a 6,702 square meter Joint Simulation Environment Facility at Edwards Air Force Base, California, in the amount of $43,000,000; (2) a 4,833 square meter Cyberspace Test Facility at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, in the amount of $38,000,000; and (3) a 4,735 square meter Joint Simulation Environment Facility at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, in the amount of $30,000,000. (b) U
SE OF RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, 
AND EVALUATION FUNDS .—As provided for in the Defense Laboratory Modernization Pilot Program authorized by section 2803 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169), the Secretary may use funds available for research, development, test, and evalua-tion for the projects described in subsection (a). TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construc-tion projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations in-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska .................................. Clear Air Force Station ............................................................ $174 ,000,000 
Fort Greely ............................................................................... $8,000,000 
Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson ............................................ $14,000,000 
Arkansas ............................... Little Rock Air Force Base ...................................................... $14,000, 000 
California .............................. Camp Pendleton ........................................................................ $ 12,596,000 
Coronado ................................................................................... $71,088,000 
Defense Distribution Depot-Tracy ............................................ $18,800,000 
Colorado ............................... Fort Carson ............................................................................. .. $24,297,000 
CONUS Classified ................. Classified Location ................................................................... $49,222, 000 
Kentucky ............................. Fort Campbell ........................................................................... $8 2,298,000 
Maine .................................... Kittery ............................................................................... ....... $11,600,000 
Maryland .............................. Fort Meade ............................................................................... $805,000,000 
Missouri ................................ St. Louis .............................................................................. ..... $447,800,000 
New Jersey ........................... Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst .......................................... $10,200,000 
North Carolina ..................... Fort Bragg ................................................................................ $3 2,366,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3149 June 6, 2018 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States—Continued 
State Installation or Location Amount 
New River ................................................................................. $32,580,000 
Oklahoma ............................. McAlester ................................................................................. $7,000,000 
Texas .................................... Joint Base San Antonio ............................................................ $10, 200,000 
Red River Army Depot .............................................................. $71,500,000 
Virginia ................................ Dam Neck ............................................................................... .. $8,959,000 
Fort A.P. Hill ............................................................................ $11,734,000 
Fort Belvoir .............................................................................. $6,127,000 
Humphreys Engineer Center ..................................................... $20,257,000 
Joint Base Langley-Eustis ........................................................ $12,700,000 
Pentagon ................................................................................... $35,850,000 
Washington .......................... Joint Base Lewis-McChord ....................................................... $26,200,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construc-tion projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Belgium ........................... U.S. Army Garrison Benelux (Chievres) .................................... $14,305,000 
Cuba ................................ Guantanamo Bay ....................................................................... $9,080 ,000 
Djibouti ........................... Camp Lemonnier ........................................................................ $3,750 ,000 
Germany ......................... Baumholder ............................................................................... $11,50 4,000 
Kaiserslautern Air Base ............................................................. $99,955,000 
Weisbaden .................................................................................. $56,048,000 
Greece ............................. NSA Souda Bay .......................................................................... $2,23 0,000 
Guam .............................. Naval Base Guam ....................................................................... $4,634, 000 
NSA Naples ................................................................................ $990,000 
Japan .............................. Camp McTureous ....................................................................... $94,851 ,000 
Iwakuni ...................................................................................... $33,200,000 
Kadena Air Base ........................................................................ $21,400,000 
Yokosuka ................................................................................... $170,386,000 
Unspecified Worldwide .... Unspecified ................................................................................ $15,693,000  
SEC. 2402. ENERGY RESILIENCE AND CONSERVA-TION INVESTMENT PROGRAM. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2403(a) and available for energy con-servation projects as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, for the installations or loca-tions outside the United States, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alabama ............................... Anniston Army Depot ............................................................... $20,000 ,000 
California .............................. Naval Base Ventura County ...................................................... $6,530,0 00 
Colorado ............................... Schriever Air Force Base .......................................................... $4,044 ,000 
Florida .................................. MacDill Air Force Base ............................................................ $3,7 00,000 
Hawaii .................................. Bellows Air Force Base ............................................................. $2,9 44,000 
Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .............................................. $4,500,000 
Idaho ..................................... Mountain Home Air Force Base ................................................ $5,980,00 0 
Indiana ................................. NSA Crane .............................................................................. .. $6,890,000 
Kansas .................................. Salina Training Center ............................................................. $3,5 00,000 
Louisiana .............................. Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans ................. $5,340,000 
Maryland .............................. NSA Bethesda ........................................................................... $2 2,000,000 
New Mexico ........................... Kirtland Air Force Base ............................................................ $462,00 0 
Ohio ...................................... Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ............................................. $7,900,00 0 
Pennsylvania ........................ Fort Indiantown Gap ................................................................ $2,150,0 00 
South Carolina ..................... Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort .......................................... $22,402,000 
Texas .................................... Camp Mabry ............................................................................ .. $5,500,000 
Sheppard Air Force Base .......................................................... $9,404,000 
Virginia ................................ Naval Air Station Oceana ......................................................... $2,520 ,000 
NRO Headquarters .................................................................... $571,000 
Washington .......................... Naval Base Kitsap ..................................................................... $1,79 0,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3150 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family hous-ing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CON-
STRUCTION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2404. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the au-thorizations set forth in the table in sub-section (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (128 Stat. 3681), and amended by section 2406 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1831), shall re-main in effect until October 1, 2019, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2020, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE .—The table referred to in sub-section (a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Japan .......................... Commander Fleet Activities Sasebo ........................................ E.J. King High School Re-placement/Renovation.$37,681,000 
Okinawa ........................................ Kubasaki High School Re-placement/Renovation.$99,420,000 
New Mexico ................ Cannon Air Force Base .................. SOF Squadron Operations Fa- cility (STS).$23,333,000 
Virginia ...................... Pentagon ....................................... Redundant Chilled Water Loop $15,100,000 
SEC. 2405. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
The table in section 2401(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 105–91) is amended by inserting after the item relating to South Carolina the following new item: 
Texas ............................................................................ Fort Bliss Blood Processing Center ............ ................................ $8,300,000 
TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make con-tributions for the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount authorized to be appro-priated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlan-tic Treaty Organization as a result of con-struction previously financed by the United States. SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATO. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for contributions by the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601. Subtitle B—Host Country In-kind Contributions SEC. 2511. REPUBLIC OF KOREA FUNDED CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS. 
Pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Korea for required in-kind contributions, the Secretary of Defense may accept mili-tary construction projects for the installa-tions or locations, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects 
Country Component Installation or Loca-tion Project Amount 
Korea ............... Army .............. Camp Carroll ........ Upgrade Electrical Distribu- tion, Phase 2 ..................... $52,000,000 
Army .............. Camp Humphreys Site Development ................ $7,800,000 
Army .............. Camp Humphreys Air Support Operations Squadron ........................... $25,000,000 
Army .............. Camp Humphreys Unaccompanied Enlisted Personnel Housing, P2 ...... $76,000,000 
Army .............. Camp Humphreys Echelon Above Brigade En-gineer Battalion, VMF ...... $123,000,000 
Army .............. Camp Walker ........ Repair/ Replace Sewer Pip-ing System ........................ $8,000,000 
Navy ............... Chinhae ................ Indoor Training Pool ........... $7,400,000 
Navy ............... Pohang Air Base ... Replace Ordnance Storage Magazines ......................... $87,000,000 
Air Force ........ Gimhae Air Base ... Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ......................... $7,600,000 
Air Force ........ Gwangju Air Base Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ......................... $7,600,000 
Air Force ........ Kunsan Air Base ... Explosive Ordnance Disposal Facility ............................. $8,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3151 June 6, 2018 
Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects —Continued 
Country Component Installation or Loca-tion Project Amount 
Air Force ........ Kunsan Air Base ... Upgrade Flow- Through Fuel System .............................. $23,000,000 
Air Force ........ Osan Air Base ....... 5th Recon-naissance Squad-ron Aircraft Shelter .......... $12,000,000 
Air Force ........ Osan Air Base ....... Airfield Damage Repair Fa-cility ................................. $22,000,000 
Air Force ........ Osan Air Base ....... Commun-ications HQ Build-ing ..................................... $45,000,000 
Air Force ........ Suwon Air Base .... Airfield Damage Repair Warehouse ......................... $7,200,000 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alaska ................................. Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson ............................................ $27,000,000 
Illinois ................................. Marseilles ............................................................................ ..... $5,000,000 
Montana .............................. Malta ..................................................................................... ... $15,000,000 
Nevada ................................ North Las Vegas ....................................................................... $32 ,000,000 
New Hampshire ................... Pembroke .................................................................................. $12,0 00,000 
North Dakota ...................... Fargo ........................................................................................ $32,000,000 
Ohio ..................................... Camp Ravenna .......................................................................... $7,400,000 
Oklahoma ............................ Lexington ................................................................................. $ 11,000,000 
Oregon ................................. Boardman ................................................................................ . $11,000,000 
South Dakota ...................... Rapid City ................................................................................. $1 5,000,000 
Texas ................................... Houston ................................................................................ ..... $15,000,000 
Virginia ............................... Sandston ................................................................................ ... $89,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ........................................ Barstow ...................................................................... ... $34,000,000 
Wisconsin ........................................ Fort McCoy ................................................................... $ 23,000,000 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve lo-cations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ........................................ Seal Beach ................................................................... . $21,740,000 
Georgia ............................................ Benning ..................................................................... .... $13,630,000 
Pennsylvania ................................... Pittsburgh ..................................................................... $ 17,650,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3152 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air National Guard 
State Location Amount 
California ........................................ Channel Islands Air National Guard Station ................ $8,000,000 
Hawaii ............................................. Joint Base Peal Harbor-Hickam ................................... $17,000,000 
Illinois ............................................. General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Air-port. $9,000,000 
Louisiana ........................................ Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans ..... $15,000,000 
New York ........................................ Francis S. Gabreski Airport ......................................... $20,000,000  
Pennsylvania ................................... Fort Indiantown Gap .................................................... $8,000,00 0 
Puerto Rico ..................................... Luis Munoz Marin International Airport ..................... $50,000,000 
Virginia ........................................... Joint Base Langley-Eustis ............................................ $10,000 ,000 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in sec-tion 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve 
State Location Amount 
Indiana ........................................... Grissom Air Reserve Base ............................................. $21,500, 000 
Minnesota ....................................... St. Paul International Airport ..................................... $9,000,000 
Mississippi ....................................... Keesler Air Force Base ................................................. $4,550 ,000 
New York ........................................ Niagara Falls International Airport ............................. $14,000,000 
Texas ............................................... Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth ....... $3,100,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the costs of acquisition, architectural and engineering services, and construction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions there-for, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (including the cost of acquisi-tion of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2603 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1164) for construction of a Reserve Training Center Complex at Dam Neck, Vir-ginia, the Secretary of the Navy may con-struct the Reserve Training Center Complex at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek- Story, Virginia. 
SEC. 2612. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2601 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1834) for Fort Belvoir, Virginia, for ad-ditions and alterations to the National Guard Readiness Center, the Secretary of the Army may construct a new readiness center. If a new readiness center is constructed, no funds above the previously authorized $15,000,000 may be made available for such purpose. SEC. 2613. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2019 PROJECT. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec-retary of the Navy may carry out a military construction project to construct a 50,000 square foot reserve training center, 6,600 square foot combat vehicle maintenance and storage facility, 2,400 square foot vehicle wash rack, 1,600 square foot covered training area, road improvements, and associated supporting facilities, and may acquire ap-proximately 8.5 acres of adjacent land and obtain necessary interest in land at Pitts-burgh, Pennsylvania, in the amount of $17,650,000. (b) U
SE OF UNOBLIGATED PRIOR-YEAR NAVY M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION RESERVE FUNDS .— The Secretary may use available, unobli-gated Navy military construction reserve funds for the project described in subsection (a). (c) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary of the Navy shall provide information in accordance with section 2851(c) of title 10, United States Code, regarding the project de-scribed in subsection (a). If it becomes nec-essary to exceed the estimated project cost, the Secretary shall utilize the authority pro-vided by section 2853 of such title regarding authorized cost and scope of work variations. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for base realignment and clo-sure activities, including real property ac-quisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by sec-tion 2711 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2702. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Changes 
SEC. 2801. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO OBTAIN ARCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEERING SERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION DE-SIGN FOR DEFENSE LABORATORY MODERNIZATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 2803 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘, site preparation, and advance planning and de-sign’’ and inserting ‘‘and site preparation’’; (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-section (c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(1)’’; (4) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g), re-spectively; (5) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) A
RCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEERING  S
ERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated or otherwise made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3153 June 6, 2018 
available to the military departments for re-search, development, test, and evaluation, the Secretary of the military department concerned may obtain architectural and en-gineering services and carry out construc-tion design in connection with a military construction project described in subsection (a). This authority is not subject to the con-dition in subsection (b).’’; (6) in subsection (d), as redesignated by paragraph (4)— (A) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This requirement does not include architectural and engineering serv-ices and construction design under sub-section (c).’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘other than funds used pursuant to subsection (c)’’ after ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (7) in subsection (g), as redesignated by paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2025’’. 
SEC. 2802. MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT AU-THORITY FOR ACQUISITION, CON-STRUCTION, OR FURNISHING OF TEST FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 2353(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘The acquisition or construction of these research, developmental, or test fa-cilities shall be subject to the cost principles applicable to allowable contract expenses.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The acquisition or construction of facilities under the authority of this section shall not be governed by sections 2802, 2805, or 2811 of this title and their associated implementing regulations. The Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall promulgate regulations necessary to give full force and effect to this section.’’. 
SEC. 2803. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY, LIMITED AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS IN CER-TAIN AREAS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (h) of section 2808 of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (division B of Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1723), as most recently amended by section 2804 of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub- section (c)(1) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$100,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000,000’’; (2) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2018’’; (3) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (4) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’. 
SEC. 2804. UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS RELATED TO REVITALIZATION AND RECAPITAL-IZATION OF DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE FACILITIES. 
Section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) D
EFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE FACILITY  R
EVITALIZATION .—(1) For the revitalization and recapitalization of Defense Industrial Base Facilities owned by the United States and under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned, the Secretary concerned may ob-ligate and expend— ‘‘(A) from appropriations available to the Secretary concerned for operation and main-tenance, amounts necessary to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project costing not more than $6,000,000, not-withstanding subsection (c); or ‘‘(B) from appropriations available to the Secretary concerned for military construc-tion not otherwise authorized by law or from funds authorized to be made available sec-tion 2363(a) of this title, amounts necessary to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project costing not more than $6,000,000. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this subsection, an un-specified minor military construction project is a military construction project that (notwithstanding subsection (a)) has an approved cost equal to or less than $6,000,000. ‘‘(3) If the Secretary concerned makes a de-cision to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project to which this subsection applies, the Secretary concerned shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress of that decision, of the justification for the project, and of the estimated cost of the project. The project may then be carried out only after the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date the notification is re-ceived by the committees in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title. ‘‘(4) In this section, the term ‘defense in-dustrial base facility’ means any Depart-ment of Defense depot, arsenal, shipyard, or plant located within the United States. ‘‘(5) The authority to carry out a project under this subsection expires on September 30, 2023.’’. SEC. 2805. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF PROJECTS CARRIED OUT PURSUANT TO LAWS OTHER THAN MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATION ACTS. 
Section 2802(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Secretary concerned shall—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘com-ply with the congressional notification re-quirement’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary con-cerned shall comply with the congressional notification requirement’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and submit to the con-gressional defense committees any materials required to be submitted to Congress or any other congressional committees pursuant to the congressional notification requirement’’ after ‘‘road project will be carried out’’. Subtitle B—Project Management and Oversight Reforms 
SEC. 2811. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS TO DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FORM 1391, UNIFIED FACILITIES CRITERIA, AND MILITARY INSTALLATION MASTER PLANS. 
(a) F LOOD RISKDISCLOSURE FOR MILITARY  C
ONSTRUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall modify Department of Defense Form 1391 to require, with respect to any proposed major or minor military construction project requiring congressional notification or approval— (A) disclosure whether a proposed project will be sited within or partially within a 100- year floodplain, according to the most recent available Federal Emergency Management Agency flood hazard data; and (B) if the proposed project will be sited within or partially within a 100-year flood-plain, the specific risk mitigation plan. (2) D
ELINEATION OF FLOODPLAIN .—To the ex-tent that Federal Emergency Management Agency flood hazard data are not available for a proposed major or minor military con-struction site, the Secretary concerned shall establish a process for delineating the 100- year floodplain using risk analysis that is consistent with the standards used to inform Federal flood risk assessments. (3) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—For pro- posed projects that are to be sited within or partially within a 100-year floodplain, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report with the following: (A) An assessment of flood vulnerability for the proposed project. (B) Any information concerning alter-native construction sites that were consid-ered, and an explanation of why those sites do not satisfy mission requirements. (C) A description of planned flood mitiga-tion measures. (4) MINIMUM FLOOD MITIGATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—When mitigating the flood risk of a major or minor military construction project within or partially within the 100- year floodplain, the Secretary concerned shall require any mitigation plan to assume an additional— (A) 2 feet above the base flood elevation for non-mission critical buildings, as determined by the Secretary; and (B) 3 feet above the base flood elevation for mission-critical buildings, as determined by the Secretary. (b) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS FOR DEPART -
MENT OF DEFENSE FORM1391.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend Department of Defense Form 1391 to require, for each requested military con-struction project— (1) disclosure whether the project was in-cluded in the prior year’s future-years de-fense program submitted to Congress pursu-ant to section 221 of title 10, United States Code; and (2) inclusion of an energy study or life cycle analysis. (c) I
NCORPORATION OF CHANGING ENVIRON -
MENTAL CONDITION PROJECTIONS IN MILITARY  C
ONSTRUCTION DESIGNS AND MODIFICATIONS .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall amend section 3-5.6.2.3 of United Facilities Criteria (UFC) 2-100-01 and UFC 2- 100-02 (or any similar successor regulations) to provide that in order to anticipate chang-ing environmental conditions during the de-sign life of existing or planned new facilities and infrastructure, projections from reliable and authorized sources such as the Census Bureau (for population projections), the Na-tional Academies of Sciences (for land use change projections and climate projections), the U.S. Geological Survey (for land use change projections), and the U.S. Global Change Research Office and National Cli-mate Assessment (for climate projections) shall be considered and incorporated into military construction designs and modifica-tions. (d) I
NCLUSION OF CONSIDERATION OF ENERGY  
ANDCLIMATE RESILIENCY EFFORTS IN MASTER  P
LANS FOR MAJOR MILITARY INSTALLA -
TIONS .—Section 2864 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) energy and climate resiliency ef-forts.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The term ‘energy and climate resil-iency’ means anticipation, preparation for, and adaptation to utility disruptions and changing environmental conditions and the ability to withstand, respond to, and recover rapidly from utility disruptions while ensur-ing the sustainment of mission-critical oper-ations.’’. (e) D
EFINITION OF MILITARY INSTALLATION  R
ESILIENCE .—Section 101(e) of title 10, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3154 June 6, 2018 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) M
ILITARY INSTALLATION RESILIENCE .— The term ‘military installation resilience’ means the capability of a military installa-tion to avoid, prepare for, minimize the ef-fect of, adapt to, and recover from extreme weather events, or from anticipated or unan-ticipated changes in environmental condi-tions, that do, or have the potential to, ad-versely affect the military installation or es-sential transportation, logistical, or other necessary resources outside of the military installation that are necessary in order to maintain, improve, or rapidly reestablish in-stallation mission assurance and mission-es-sential functions.’’. (f) A
DJUSTMENT AND DIVERSIFICATION AS-
SISTANCE FOR RESPONDING TO THREATS TO THE  R
ESILIENCE OF A MILITARY INSTALLATION .— Section 2391(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, or (E) by the closure’’ and inserting ‘‘, (E) by threats to military instal-lation resilience, or (F) by the closure’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(A), (B), (C), or (E)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(A), (B), (C), or (F)’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘action described in clause (D), if the Secretary determines that the en-croachment of the civilian community’’ and inserting ‘‘action described in clause (D) or (E), if the Secretary determines that either the encroachment of the civilian community or threats to military installation resil-ience’’. 
SEC. 2812. WORK IN PROCESS CURVE CHARTS AND OUTLAY TABLES FOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) R EQUIRED SUBMISSIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 2864 the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 2865. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables required for military con-struction projects ‘‘Along with the budget for each fiscal year submitted by the President pursuant to sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall include for any military construction project over $35,000,000, as an addendum to be included within the same document as the 1391s for the Military Construction Program budget documentation, a Project Spending Plan that includes— ‘‘(1) a Work in Process Curve chart to iden-tify funding, obligations, and outlay figures; and ‘‘(2) a monthly outlay table for funding, obligations, and outlay figures.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2864 the following new item: ‘‘2865. Work in Process Curve charts and out-lay tables required for military construction projects.’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE GUIDANCE .— The Secretary of Defense shall, in coordina-tion with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), update Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, and any other appropriate instructions and guidance, to ensure that the Department of Defense takes appropriate actions to comply with section 2865 of title 10, United States Code, as added by this section. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2821. LAND EXCHANGE, AIR FORCE PLANT 44, TUCSON, ARIZONA. 
(a) L ANDCONVEYANCE AND RESTORATION OF  R
EAL PROPERTY IMPROVEMENTS AUTHOR -
IZED.—In connection with a project planned by the Tuscon Airport Authority (in this sec-tion referred to as ‘‘TAA’’) to relocate and extend a parallel runway and make other airfield safety enhancements at the Tucson International Airport, the Secretary of the Air Force (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may— (1) convey to TAA all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to all or any part of a parcel of real property, includ-ing any improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 58 acres on Air Force Plant 44, Arizona, and located adjacent to Tucson International Airport; (2) agree to terminate all or a portion of any deed restrictions made for the benefit of the United States that limit construction on Tucson International Airport within 750 feet of the Airport’s southwest property bound-ary with Air Force Plant 44; and (3) using cash or in-kind consideration as provided in subsection (b)— (A) construct new explosives storage facili-ties to replace the explosives storage facili-ties located on the land described in para-graph (1) and explosives storage facilities lo-cated on Air Force Plant 44 within the end- of-runway clear zone associated with the TAA airfield enhancement project; and (B) construct new fencing as necessary to accommodate the changes in the boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (b) CONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the land conveyance, deed restriction termi-nation, replacement of real property im-provements, and installation of fencing au-thorized under subsection (a), the following consideration must be received by the United States before the Secretary may make any conveyance or termination of real property interests of the United States as described in subsection (a): (1) All right, title, and interest of the owner or owners thereof to the parcels of real property consisting of approximately 160 acres directly adjacent to the south bound-ary of Air Force Plant 44. (2) The cost to the Secretary, in accord-ance with current design standards, of— (A) replacing the real property structures on Air Force Plant 44 made unusable due to the land transfers and termination of deed restrictions, with structures of at least equivalent capacity and functionality; and (B) installing the necessary boundary fenc-ing due to the changes in the boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (c) D
IRECT PAYMENT OF CONSIDERATION TO  G
OVERNMENT CONTRACTORS .—The Secretary may require that any cash consideration to be received under this section be paid, di-rectly or through the Air Force design and construction agent, to the contractors per-forming design or construction of the real property improvements described in sub-section (a)(3). (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCES .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require TAA to cover costs to be in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange and other transactions authorized under this section, or to reimburse the Sec-retary for such costs, including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs related to environ-mental documentation, and other adminis-trative costs related to the conveyances. If amounts are collected from TAA in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out such transactions, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to TAA. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursements under paragraph (1) shall be used in accordance with section 2695(c) of title 10, United States Code. (e) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (f) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the land exchange and other transactions under this section as the Secretary considers ap-propriate to protect the interests of the United States. Without limiting the fore-going, the Secretary may establish a deed re-striction on any part of the 58 acres de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) to accommodate existing Quantity Distance arcs. 
SEC. 2822. LAND CONVEYANCE, EGLIN AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary of the Air Force may convey, without consideration, to the Air Force Enlisted Vil-lage, a nonprofit corporation (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Village’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improve-ments thereon, consisting of approximately 80 acres located adjacent to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, for the purpose of inde-pendent-living and assisted-living apart-ments for veterans. The conveyance under this subsection is subject to valid existing rights. (b) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If the Sec-retary determines at any time that the real property conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the pur-pose of the conveyance specified in sub-section (a), all right, title, and interest in and to such real property, including any im-provements thereto, shall, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of imme-diate entry onto such real property. A deter-mination by the Secretary under this sub-section shall be made on the record after an opportunity for a hearing. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require the Village to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Sec-retary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental docu-mentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the Village in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actu-ally incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Village. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as re-imbursement for costs incurred by the Sec-retary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or ac-count currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3155 June 6, 2018 
Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 2831. COMMEMORATION OF FREEDMAN’S VILLAGE. 
(a) F REEDMAN ’SVILLAGE GATE.—The Sec- retary of the Army shall, as part of the southern expansion of Arlington National Cemetery, name the newly constructed gate located at the intersection of Hobson Drive and Southgate Road, ‘‘Freedman’s Village Gate’’. (b) P
ERMANENT EASEMENT .—The Secretary of the Army is directed to grant to Arlington County a permanent easement of no less than 0.1 acres of land within the right-of-way of Southgate Road to the south and west of Hobson Drive and west of the planned joint base access road that is also continuous with Foxcroft Heights Park for the purpose of commemorating Freedman’s Village. (c) R
ELOCATION OF COMMEMORATION IN  E
VENT LOCATION ISUSED FOR BURIAL PUR-
POSES .—In the event Arlington National Cemetery subsequently acquires the prop-erty used for the commemoration described under subsection (b) for burial purposes, the Army shall relocate any commemoration of Freedman’s Village to an appropriate loca-tion. (d) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense may accept reimbursement from Ar-lington County for any costs associated with commemorating Freedman’s Village. 
SEC. 2832. STRATEGIC PLAN TO IMPROVE CAPA-BILITIES OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE TRAINING RANGES AND IN-STALLATIONS. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall develop and implement a com-prehensive strategic plan to identify and ad-dress deficits in the capabilities of Depart-ment of Defense training ranges to support current and anticipated readiness require-ments to execute the National Defense Strategy (NDS). (b) E
VALUATION .—As part of the prepara-tion of the strategic plan, the Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the following: (1) The adequacy of current training range resources to include the ability to train against near-peer or peer threats in a real-istic 5th Generation environment. (2) The adequacy of current training enablers to meet current and anticipated de-mands of the Armed Forces. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The strategic plan shall in-clude the following: (1) Proposals to enhance the capabilities of training ranges to address any limitations or constraints on current Department re-sources, including any climatically induced impacts or shortfalls. (2) Goals and milestones for tracking ac-tions under the plan and measuring progress in carrying out such actions. (3) Projected funding requirements for im-plementing actions under the plan. (d) D
EVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion and Sustainment, as the principal staff assistant to the Secretary on installation management, shall have lead responsibility for developing and overseeing implementa-tion of the strategic plan and for coordina-tion of the discharge of the plan by compo-nents of the Department. (e) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than April 1, 2020, the Secretary shall, through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, submit to Congress a report on the progress made in implementing this section, including the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the strategic plan. (2) A description of the results of the eval-uation conducted under subsection (b). (3) Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate with respect to im-provements of the capabilities of training ranges and enablers. (f) PROGRESS REPORTS .—Not later than April 1, 2019, and annually thereafter for 3 years, the Secretary shall, through the Under Secretary, submit to Congress a re-port setting forth the following: (1) A description of the progress made dur-ing the preceding fiscal year in imple-menting the strategic plan. (2) A description of any additional actions taken, or to be taken, to address limitations and constraints on training ranges and enablers. (3) Assessments of individual training ranges addressing the evaluation conducted under subsection (b). (g) A
DDITIONAL REPORT ELEMENT .—Each re- port under subsections (e) and (f) shall also include a list of significant modifications to training range inventory, such as range clo-sures or expansions, during the preceding fis-cal year, including any limitations or im-pacts due to climatic conditions. 
SEC. 2833. NATIVE AMERICAN INDIAN LANDS EN-VIRONMENTAL MITIGATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 160 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2712. Native American lands environmental mitigation program ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense may establish and carry out a program to mitigate the environmental effects of De-partment of Defense actions on Indian lands and culturally connected locations. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM ACTIVITIES .—The activities that may be carried out under the program established under subsection (a) are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) Identification, investigation, and doc-umentation of suspected environmental ef-fects attributable to past Department of De-fense actions. ‘‘(2) Development of mitigation options for such environmental effects, including devel-opment of cost-to-complete estimates and a system for prioritizing mitigation actions. ‘‘(3) Direct mitigation actions that the Secretary determines are necessary and ap-propriate to mitigate the adverse environ-mental effects of past Department of Defense actions. ‘‘(4) Demolition and removal of unsafe buildings and structures used by, under the jurisdiction of, or formerly used by or under the jurisdiction of the Department of De-fense. ‘‘(5) Training, technical assistance, and ad-ministrative support to facilitate the mean-ingful participation of Indian tribes in miti-gation actions under the program. ‘‘(6) Development and execution of a policy governing consultation with Indian tribes that have been or may be affected by Depart-ment of Defense actions, including training Department of Defense personnel to ensure compliance with the policy. ‘‘(c) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—(1) In car-rying out the program established under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Defense may enter into a cooperative agreement with an Indian tribe or an instrumentality of tribal government. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding chapter 63 of title 31, a cooperative agreement under this section may be used to acquire property or services for the direct benefit of the United States Government. ‘‘(3) Any cooperative agreement under this section for the procurement of severable services may begin in one fiscal year and end in another fiscal year provided the total pe-riod of performance does not exceed five cal-endar years. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Indian land’ includes— ‘‘(A) any land located within the bound-aries and a part of an Indian reservation, pueblo, or rancheria; ‘‘(B) any land that has been allotted to an individual Indian, but has not been conveyed to such Indian with full power of alienation; ‘‘(C) Alaska Native village and regional corporation lands; and ‘‘(D) lands and waters upon which any fed-erally recognized Indian tribe has rights re-served by treaty, act of Congress, or action by the President. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Indian tribe’ means any In-dian tribe, band, nation, or other organized group or community, including any Alaska Native village or regional or village corpora-tion as defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), which is recognized as el-igible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians be-cause of their status as Indians. ‘‘(3) The term ‘culturally connected loca-tion’ means a location or place that has de-monstrable significance to Indians or Alaska Natives based on its association with the traditional beliefs, customs, and practices of a living community, including locations or places where religious, ceremonial, subsist-ence, medicinal, economic, or other lifeways practices have historically taken place.’’. (b) TABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2711 the following new item: ‘‘2712. Native American lands environmental mitigation program.’’. 
SEC. 2834. DEFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUC-TURE PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 2391 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUCTURE  P
ILOT PROGRAM .—(1) The Secretary of De-fense may make grants, conclude coopera-tive agreements, and supplement funds available under Federal programs adminis-tered by agencies other than the Department of Defense to assist State and local govern-ments to address deficiencies in community infrastructure supportive of a military in-stallation, if the Secretary determines that such assistance will enhance the military value, resilience, or military family quality of life at such military installation. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish criteria for the selection of community infrastruc-ture projects to receive assistance under paragraph (1). The criteria shall include a re-quirement that the State or local govern-ment agree to contribute not less than 30 percent of the funding for the community in-frastructure project, unless the community infrastructure project is located in a rural area, or for reasons related to national secu-rity, in which case the Secretary may waive the requirement for a State or local govern-ment contribution. ‘‘(3) Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for assistance under para-graph (1) may remain available until ex-pended. ‘‘(4) The authority under this subsection shall expire on September 30, 2023.’’; and (3) in subsection (e), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) The term ‘community infrastructure’ means any transportation project; school, hospital, police, fire, emergency response, or other community support facility; or water, waste-water, telecommunications, electric, gas, or other utility infrastructure project that is located off of a military installation and owned by a State or local government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3156 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(5) The term ‘rural area’ means a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a pop-ulation of not more than 20,000 inhab-itants.’’. 
SEC. 2835. REPRESENTATION OF INSTALLATION INTERESTS IN NEGOTIATIONS AND PROCEEDINGS WITH CARRIERS AND OTHER PUBLIC UTILITIES. 
Section 501(c) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘For transpor-tation’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Prior to representing any installation of the Department of Defense in any pro-ceeding under this subsection, the Adminis-trator or any persons or entities acting on behalf of the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) notify the senior mission commander of the installation; and ‘‘(B) solicit and represent the interests of the installation as determined by the instal-lation’s senior mission commander.’’. 
SEC. 2836. WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE LAND ENHANCEMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘White Sands National Park Pro-posed Boundary Revision & Transfer of Lands Between National Park Service & De-partment of the Army’’, numbered 142/136,271, and dated February 14, 2017. (2) M
ILITARY MUNITIONS .—The term ‘‘mili-tary munitions’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(e) of title 10, United States Code. (3) M
ISSILE RANGE .—The term ‘‘missile range’’ means the White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, administered by the Secretary of the Army. (4) M
ONUMENT .—The term ‘‘Monument’’ means the White Sands National Monument, New Mexico, established by Presidential Proclamation No. 2025 (54 U.S.C. 320301 note), dated January 18, 1933, and administered by the Secretary. (5) M
UNITIONS DEBRIS .—The term ‘‘muni-tions debris’’ has the meaning given the term in volume 8 of the Department of De-fense Manual Number 6055.09-M entitled ‘‘DoD Ammunitions and Explosives Safety Standards’’ and dated February 29, 2008 (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). (6) P
ARK.—The term ‘‘Park’’ means the White Sands National Park established by subsection (b)(2)(A). (7) P
UBLIC LAND ORDER .—The term ‘‘Public Land Order’’ means Public Land Order 833, dated May 21, 1952 (17 Fed. Reg. 4822). (8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (9) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of New Mexico. (b) W
HITE SANDS NATIONAL PARK.— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) White Sands National Monument was established on January 18, 1933, by President Herbert Hoover under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Antiquities Act of 1906’’); (B) President Hoover proclaimed that the Monument was established ‘‘for the preserva-tion of the white sands and additional fea-tures of scenic, scientific, and educational interest’’; (C) the Monument was expanded by Presi-dents Roosevelt, Eisenhower, Carter, and Clinton in 1934, 1942, 1953, 1978, and 1996, re-spectively; (D) the Monument contains a substantially more diverse set of nationally significant historical, archaeological, scientific, and natural resources than were known of at the time the Monument was established, includ-ing a number of recent discoveries; (E) the Monument is recognized as a major unit of the National Park System with ex-traordinary values enjoyed by more visitors each year since 1995 than any other unit in the State; (F) the Monument contributes signifi-cantly to the local economy by attracting tourists; and (G) designation of the Monument as a na-tional park would increase public recogni-tion of the diverse array of nationally sig-nificant resources at the Monument and visi-tation to the unit. (2) ESTABLISHMENT OF WHITE SANDS NA -
TIONAL PARK .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—To protect, preserve, and restore its scenic, scientific, edu-cational, natural, geological, historical, cul-tural, archaeological, paleontological, hydrological, fish, wildlife, and recreational values and to enhance visitor experiences, there is established in the State the White Sands National Park as a unit of the Na-tional Park System. (B) A
BOLISHMENT OF WHITE SANDS NATIONAL  
MONUMENT .— (i) A
BOLISHMENT .—Due to the establish-ment of the Park, the Monument is abol-ished. (ii) I
NCORPORATION .—The land and interests in land that comprise the Monument are in-corporated in, and shall be considered to be part of, the Park. (C) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the ‘‘White Sands National Monument’’ shall be consid-ered to be a reference to the ‘‘White Sands National Park’’. (D) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any funds available for the Monument shall be avail-able for the Park. (E) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary shall administer the Park in accordance with— (i) this subsection; and (ii) the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including sec-tion 100101(a), chapter 1003, sections 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101, and chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (F) W
ORLD HERITAGE LIST NOMINATION .— (i) C
OUNTY CONCURRENCE .—The Secretary shall not submit a nomination for the Park to be included on the World Heritage List of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization unless each coun-ty in which the Park is located concurs in the nomination. (ii) A
RMY NOTIFICATION .—Before submitting a nomination for the Park to be included on the World Heritage List of the United Na-tions Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the Secretary shall notify the Secretary of the Army of the intent of the Secretary to nominate the Park. (G) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph af-fects— (i) valid existing rights (including water rights); (ii) permits or contracts issued by the Monument; (iii) existing agreements, including agree-ments with the Department of Defense; (iv) the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense regarding the restricted airspace above the Park; or (v) the airshed classification of the Park under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). (c) M
ODIFICATION OF BOUNDARIES OF WHITE S
ANDS NATIONAL PARK AND WHITE SANDS  M
ISSILE RANGE .— (1) T
RANSFERS OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION.— (A) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION TO THE SECRETARY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Administrative jurisdic-tion over the land described in clause (ii) is transferred from the Secretary of the Army to the Secretary. (ii) DESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in clause (i) is— (I) the approximately 2,826 acres of land identified as ‘‘To NPS, lands inside current boundary’’ on the Map; and (II) the approximately 5,766 acres of land identified as ‘‘To NPS, new additions’’ on the Map. (B) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION TO THE SECRETARY OF THE ARMY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Administrative jurisdic-tion over the land described in clause (ii) is transferred from the Secretary to the Sec-retary of the Army. (ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in clause (i) is the approximately 3,737 acres of land identified as ‘‘To DOA’’ on the Map. (2) B
OUNDARY MODIFICATIONS .— (A) P
ARK.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The boundary of the Park is revised to reflect the boundary depicted on the Map. (ii) M
AP.— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of the Army, shall prepare and keep on file for public inspection in the appropriate office of the Secretary a map and a legal description of the revised boundary of the Park. (II) E
FFECT .—The map and legal descrip-tion under subclause (I) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this section, except that the Secretary may correct cler-ical and typographical errors in the map and legal description. (iii) B
OUNDARY SURVEY .—As soon as prac-ticable after the date of the establishment of the Park and subject to the availability of funds, the Secretary shall complete an offi-cial boundary survey of the Park. (B) M
ISSILE RANGE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The boundary of the mis-sile range and the Public Land Order are modified to exclude the land transferred to the Secretary under paragraph (1)(A) and to include the land transferred to the Secretary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B). (ii) M
AP.—The Secretary shall prepare a map and legal description depicting the re-vised boundary of the missile range. (C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2854 of Public Law 104–201 (54 U.S.C. 320301 note) is repealed. (3) A
DMINISTRATION .— (A) P
ARK.—The Secretary shall administer the land transferred under paragraph (1)(A) in accordance with laws (including regula-tions) applicable to the Park. (B) M
ISSILE RANGE .—Subject to subpara-graph (C), the Secretary of the Army shall administer the land transferred to the Sec-retary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B) as part of the missile range. (C) I
NFRASTRUCTURE ; RESOURCE MANAGE -
MENT .— (i) R
ANGE ROAD 7 .— (I) I
NFRASTRUCTURE MANAGEMENT .—To the maximum extent practicable, in planning, constructing, and managing infrastructure on the land described in subclause (III), the Secretary of the Army shall apply low-im-pact development techniques and strategies to prevent impacts within the missile range and the Park from stormwater runoff from the land described in that subclause. (II) R
ESOURCE MANAGEMENT .—The Sec-retary of the Army shall— (aa) manage the land described in sub-clause (III) in a manner consistent with the protection of natural and cultural resources within the missile range and the Park and in accordance with section 101(a)(1)(B) of the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a(a)(1)(B)), division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code, and the Native American Graves Protection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3157 June 6, 2018 
and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); and (bb) include the land described in subclause (III) in the integrated natural and cultural resource management plan for the missile range. (III) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND .—The land re-ferred to in subclauses (I) and (II) is the land that is transferred to the administrative ju-risdiction of the Secretary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B) and located in the area east of Range Road 7 in— (aa) T. 17 S., R. 5 E., sec. 31; (bb) T. 18 S., R. 5 E.; and (cc) T. 19 S., R. 5 E., sec. 5. (ii) F
ENCE .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army shall continue to allow the Secretary to maintain the fence shown on the Map until such time as the Secretary determines that the fence is unnecessary for the man-agement of the Park. (II) R
EMOVAL .—If the Secretary determines that the fence is unnecessary for the man-agement of the Park under subclause (I), the Secretary shall promptly remove the fence at the expense of the Department of the Inte-rior. (D) RESEARCH .—The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary may enter into an agree-ment to allow the Secretary to conduct cer-tain research in the area identified as ‘‘Coop-erative Use Research Area’’ on the Map. (E) M
ILITARY MUNITIONS AND MUNITIONS DE -
BRIS.— (i) R
ESPONSE ACTION .—With respect to any Federal liability, the Secretary of the Army shall remain responsible for any response ac-tion addressing military munitions or muni-tions debris on the land transferred under paragraph (1)(A) to the same extent as on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (ii) I
NVESTIGATION OF MILITARY MUNITIONS  
AND MUNITIONS DEBRIS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quest that the Secretary of the Army con-duct 1 or more investigations of military munitions or munitions debris on any land transferred under paragraph (1)(A). (II) A
CCESS .—The Secretary shall give ac-cess to the Secretary of the Army to the land covered by a request under subclause (I) for the purposes of conducting the 1 or more investigations under that subclause. (III) L
IMITATION .—An investigation con-ducted under this clause shall be subject to available appropriations. (iii) APPLICABLE LAW .—Any activities un-dertaken under this subparagraph shall be carried out in accordance with— (I) the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.); (II) the purposes for which the Park was established; and (III) any other applicable law. 
SEC. 2837. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF INDIAN RIVER BRIDGE. 
Notwithstanding the limitation in section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Sec-retary of Defense may transfer to the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration up to 50 percent of the shared costs of constructing the Indian River Bridge. The authority under this section shall expire on October 1, 2022. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2901. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installation out-side the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Bulgaria .......................................... Nevo Selo FOS .............................................................. $5 ,200,000 
Poland ............................................. Drawsko Pomorski Training Area ................................ $17,000,000 
Powidz Air Base ............................................................ $87,000,000 
Zagan Training Area ..................................................... $40,400,000 
Romania .......................................... Mihail Kogalniceanu FOS ............................................. $21,651,00 0 
SEC. 2902. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations out-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Greece ............................................. Souda Bay ................................................................... .. $47,850,000 
Italy ................................................ Sigonella ................................................................. ...... $66,050,000 
Spain ............................................... Rota ....................................................................... ....... $21,590,000 
United Kingdom .............................. Lossiemouth ................................................................. $79,130 ,000 
SEC. 2903. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may ac-quire real property and carry out the mili-tary construction projects for the installa-tions outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Germany ......................................... Ramstein Air Base ........................................................ $119,0 00,000 
Norway ............................................ Rygge ........................................................................ .... $13,800,000 
Slovakia .......................................... Malacky ...................................................................... .. $59,000,000 
United Kingdom .............................. RAF Fairford ................................................................ $106,00 0,000 
SEC. 2904. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations out-side the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3158 June 6, 2018 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Estonia ............................................ Unspecified ................................................................. .. $15,700,000 
Qatar ............................................... Al Udeid ................................................................... ..... $60,000,000 
SEC. 2905. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the military construction projects outside the United States author-ized by this title as specified in the funding table in section 4601. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations 
SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY AD-MINISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for the activities of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT  P
ROJECTS .—From funds referred to in sub-section (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out new plant projects for the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration as follows: Project 19–D–670, 138kV Power Trans-mission System Replacement, Nevada Na-tional Security Site, Nevada, $6,000,000. Project 19–D–660, Lithium Production Ca-pability, Y–12 National Security Complex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, $19,000,000. Project 19–D–930, KS Overhead Piping, Kes-selring Site, West Milton, New York, $10,994,000. 
SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3104. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fis-cal year 2019 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 3111. CLARIFICATION OF ROLES AND AU-THORITIES OF NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF EN-
ERGY ORGANIZATION ACT.— (1) U
NDER SECRETARY FOR NUCLEAR SECU -
RITY.—Section 202(c)(3) of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7132(c)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘Act.’’ and all that follows through ‘‘may be delegated’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘Act (50 U.S.C. 2402). In carrying out the functions of the Adminis-trator, the Under Secretary shall be subject to the authority of the Secretary in accord-ance with section 3219 of that Act (50 U.S.C. 2409). Such authority may be delegated’’. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF POLICY .—Section 213 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Under Secretary for Nuclear Se-curity,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘programs and activities of the Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘regula-tions, policies, and activities of the Adminis-tration with respect to health and safety’’ ; and (ii) by striking ‘‘those programs and activi-ties’’ and inserting ‘‘those regulations, poli-cies, and activities’’; and (C) by striking subsection (c). (b) AMENDMENTS TO NATIONAL NUCLEAR SE-
CURITY ADMINISTRATION ACT.— (1) A
DMINISTRATOR FOR NUCLEAR SECU -
RITY.—Section 3212 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2402) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and activities’’ and inserting ‘‘, policies, regulations, and rules’’; and (ii) in paragraph (9), by striking the end pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, subject to the policies of the Department of Energy.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, unless disapproved by the Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out the mission and functions of the Administration, except as provided by sec-tion 3219’’. (2) G
ENERAL COUNSEL .—Section 3217 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2407) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘There is’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is’’; (B) by striking the end period and insert-ing ‘‘and shall report to the Administrator.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) A
VOIDANCE OF COORDINATION AND DU-
PLICATION .—The General Counsel shall be independent from and may not duplicate the efforts of the General Counsel of the Depart-ment of Energy appointed under section 202(e) of the Department of Energy Organiza-tion Act (42 U.S.C. 7132(e)).’’. (3) S
TAFF .—Section 3218 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2408) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(c) R
EPORTING .—The staff of the Adminis-tration shall report to the Administrator through the appropriate structures of the Administration. ‘‘(d) A
VOIDANCE OF COORDINATION AND DU-
PLICATION .—The staff of the Administration performing functions specified in subsection (b) shall be independent from and may not duplicate the efforts of staff of elements of the Department of Energy other than the Administration that perform functions simi-lar to the functions specified in subsection (b). ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROHIBITION ON DUAL O
FFICE HOLDING .—The prohibition under sec-tion 3220(d) shall apply to staff of the Admin-istration performing functions specified in subsection (b).’’. (4) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3219 of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2409) is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘TO 
MODIFY ORGANIZATION OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘ WITH  
RESPECT TO ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary of En-ergy, acting through the Administrator, shall be responsible for setting broad prior-ities for the Administration. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may disapprove any ac-tion, policy, regulation, or rule of the Ad-ministrator if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary submits to the congres-sional defense committees justification for such disapproval; and ‘‘(B) a period of 15 days has elapsed fol-lowing the date on which such justification was submitted. ‘‘(3) Except as provided by this section, the Administrator shall have complete authority to establish and conduct oversight of poli-cies, activities, and procedures of the Admin-istration without direction or oversight by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) The authority of the Secretary under paragraphs (1) and (2) may be delegated only to the Deputy Secretary of Energy, without further redelegation. ‘‘(b) O
RGANIZATION OF ADMINISTRATION .— Notwithstanding’’; and (iii) in subsection (b), as designated by clause (ii), by striking ‘‘subsection (b) or (c) of’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Nuclear Security Administration Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 3219 and insert-ing the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3219. Scope of authority of Secretary of Energy with respect to Ad-ministration.’’. (5) S
TATUS OF PERSONNEL .—Section 3220 of the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion Act (50 U.S.C. 2410) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A); and (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking the end pe-riod and inserting ‘‘, except as provided by section 3219.’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking the end period and inserting ‘‘and except as provided by section 3219.’’. (6) O
FFICE OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR SECURITY .— Section 3232 of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2422) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘Administrator.’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary and’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Department’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Department of Energy’’. (7) C
OUNTERINTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS .—Sec- tion 3233 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2423) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, in co-ordination with the Administrator,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3159 June 6, 2018 
(B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘, in co-ordination with the Administrator,’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’. (8) A
UTHORIZED PERSONNEL LEVELS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3241A of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a) is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AU-
THORIZED ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ANNUAL REPORT  
ON’’; (ii) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the Administration for each fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report containing the following information as of the date of the report: ‘‘(1) The number of full-time equivalent employees of the Office of the Adminis-trator. ‘‘(2) The number of service support con-tracts of the Administration and whether such contracts are funded using program or program direction funds. ‘‘(3) The number of full-time equivalent contractor employees working under each contract identified under paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) The number of full-time equivalent contractor employees described in paragraph (3) that have been employed under such a contract for a period greater than two years. ‘‘(5) With respect to each contract identi-fied under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) the cost of the contract; and ‘‘(B) identification of the program or pro-gram direction accounts that support the contract.’’; (iii) by striking subsection (c); (iv) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (v) by striking subsection (f). (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Nuclear Security Administration Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 3241A and insert-ing the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3241A. Annual report on personnel lev-els of the Office of the Adminis-trator.’’. (9) C
OMPLIANCE WITH FEDERAL ACQUISITION  
REGULATION .—Section 3262 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2462) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The Administrator’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘specific to the Adminis-tration’’ after ‘‘procedures’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PROCEDURES .—The procedures established under subsection (a) shall be separate from procedures applied to elements of the Department of Energy other than the Administration.’’. (10) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3281(2)(A) of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2471(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Se-curity Campus’’. (c) A
MENDMENTS TO ATOMIC ENERGY DE-
FENSE ACT.— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 4002(9)(A) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501(9)(A)) is amended striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Security Campus’’. (2) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 4201(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Adminis-trator,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator’’. (3) STOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP CRITERIA .—Sec- tion 4202 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2522) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘S
ECRETARY ’’ and inserting ‘‘D EPARTMENT ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council’’. (4) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP , MANAGEMENT , 
AND RESPONSIVENESS PLAN .—Section 4203 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2523) is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(4)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘quadrennial defense review if such strategy has not been submitted as of the date of the plan’’ and inserting ‘‘national defense strat-egy’’; (B) in subsection (e)(1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘or the most recent quadrennial defense re-view, as applicable under subsection (d)(4)(A), and the’’ and inserting ‘‘, the na-tional defense strategy, and the most re-cent’’; and (C) in subsection (f)— (i) by striking paragraph (4); (ii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) The term ‘national defense strategy’ means the review of the defense programs and policies of the United States that is car-ried out every four years under section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (5) S
TOCKPILE MANAGEMENT PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 4204 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2524) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator, in consultation with the Nuclear Weapons Council’’; and (B) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (6) N
UCLEAR TEST BAN READINESS PRO -
GRAM .—Section 4207 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2527) is amended, in subsections (a) and (c), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’. (7) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR SPECIFIC REQUEST  
FOR NEW OR MODIFIED NUCLEAR WEAPONS .— Section 4209 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘in the budget’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in the budget justification materials submitted to Con-gress in support of the Department of Energy budget for that fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code).’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary shall include in a request for funds under subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘A re-quest for funds under subsection (a) shall in-clude’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of En-ergy’’. (8) M
ANUFACTURING INFRASTRUCTURE FOR  
NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE .—Section 4212 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2532) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘most recent’’ before ‘‘Nu-clear Posture Review’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Security Complex’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Plant’’ and inserting ‘‘National Security Campus’’. (9) REPORTS ON LIFE EXTENSION PRO -
GRAMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4216 of the Atom-ic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2536) is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
LIFETIME ’’ and inserting ‘‘ LIFE’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘lifetime’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘life’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4216 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4216. Reports on life extension pro-grams.’’. (10) S
ELECTED ACQUISITION REPORTS .—Sec- tion 4217 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2537) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘the Secretary of Energy, acting through the Ad-ministrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Adminis-trator’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy, acting through the Admin-istrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘the Secretary or’’. (11) A
DVICE ON SAFETY , SECURITY , AND RELI -
ABILITY OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE .— Section 4218 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538) is amended— (A) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘or the Commander of the United States Strategic Command’’; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘, a member of the Nuclear Weapons Council, or the Commander of the United States Strategic Command’’ and in-serting ‘‘or a member of the Nuclear Weap-ons Council’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘member, or Commander’’ and inserting ‘‘or member’’. (12) S
TOCKPILE RESPONSIVENESS PLAN .—Sec- tion 4220(b) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538b(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy, act-ing through the Administrator and’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘Nuclear Weapons Council’’. (13) T
RITIUM PRODUCTION PROGRAM .—Sec- tion 4231 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2541) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (B) in subsections (b) and (c), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (14) M
ODERNIZATION AND CONSOLIDATION OF  
TRITIUM RECYCLING FACILITIES .—Section 4234 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2544) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary of En-ergy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (15) P
ROCEDURES FOR MEETING TRITIUM PRO -
DUCTION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 4235 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2545) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3160 June 6, 2018 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (C) by striking subsection (c). (16) C
ERTIFICATION OF STATUS OF SECURITY  
OF FACILITIES .—Section 4506 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2657) is amend-ed— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘September 30’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘congressional defense commit-tees’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and the Department of Energy’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘to the Secretary’’; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) in subsection (b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘De-cember 1 of each even-numbered year, the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31 of each even-numbered year, the Secretary of Energy’’. (17) C
ERTIFICATES OF COMMENDATION FOR  
EXEMPLARY SERVICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4605 of the Atom-ic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2705) is amended— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
DE-
PARTMENT OF ENERGY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ADMIN -
ISTRATION ’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; (II) by striking ‘‘a Department’’ and insert-ing ‘‘an Administration’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘the Department’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the Adminis-tration’’; and (iii) in subsection (c)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
DMINISTRATION ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Admin-istration’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4605 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 4605. Authority to provide certificate of commendation to Adminis-tration and contractor employ-ees for exemplary service in stockpile stewardship and secu-rity.’’. (18) E
XECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TRAINING .— Section 4621 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2721) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and the Administrator’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and the Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of Energy’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘and Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of En-ergy’’. (19) S
TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP RECRUITMENT  
AND TRAINING PROGRAM .—Section 4622 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2722) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (20) F
ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .—Section 4623 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2723) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘De-partment of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Admin-istration’’; (C) in subsections (c) and (d), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (D) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘De-fense Programs,’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator shall’’; and (E) in subsection (f)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’. (21) TRANSFER OF WEAPONS ACTIVITIES  
FUNDS .—Section 4711 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2751) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary, acting through the Administrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (C) in subsection (e)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Department of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Department’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administration’’. (22) N
OTIFICATION OF COST OVERRUNS .—Sec- tion 4713(c)(2)(B) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2753(c)(2)(B)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or the Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of Energy’’. (23) L
IFE-CYCLE COST ESTIMATES .—Section 4714(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2754(a)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘413.3’’ and inserting ‘‘413.3B’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, or a successor order,’’ after ‘‘assets)’’. (24) U
NFUNDED PRIORITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4716 of the Atom-ic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2756) is amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘
NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRA -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘ ADMINISTRATION ’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4716 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4716. Unfunded priorities of the Ad-ministration.’’. (25) R
EVIEWS OF CAPITAL ASSETS ACQUISI -
TION PROJECTS .—Section 4733(d)(3)(B) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2773(d)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘413.3’’ and inserting ‘‘413.3B’’. (26) L
ABORATORY -DIRECTED RESEARCH AND  
DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS .—Section 4811 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2791) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or the Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of En-ergy’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(1) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the Secretary’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘such laboratories’’ and in-serting ‘‘government-owned, contractor-op-erated laboratories funded out of funds avail-able to the Department of Energy’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Administrator shall prescribe reg-ulations for the conduct of laboratory-di-rected research and development at govern-ment-owned, contractor-operated labora-tories funded out of funds available to the Administration.’’; and (C) in subsection (c)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or the Administration’’ after ‘‘Department of Energy’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or the Administrator, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’. (27) REPORT ON USE OF FUNDS FOR RESEARCH  
AND DEVELOPMENT .—Section 4812A of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2793) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘R
EQUIRED ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OFSECRETARY OF  E
NERGY ’’; and (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘national security mission of the Depart-ment of Energy’’ and inserting ‘‘defense en-vironmental cleanup and other defense mis-sions of the Department of Energy (other than the national security mission of the Ad-ministration)’’; (B) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (C) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) R
EPORT OF ADMINISTRATOR .—The Ad- ministrator shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees, with the report of the Secretary required by subsection (a), a report on the funds expended during the pre-ceding fiscal year on activities under the laboratory-directed research and develop-ment program of the Administration. The purpose of the report is to permit an assess-ment of the extent to which such activities support the national security mission of the Administration.’’. 
SEC. 3112. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY AD-MINISTRATION PERSONNEL SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3248. ALTERNATIVE PERSONNEL SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator may adapt the pay banding and performance- based pay adjustment demonstration project carried out by the Administration under the authority provided by section 4703 of title 5, United States Code, into a permanent alter-native personnel system for the Administra-tion (to be known as the ‘National Nuclear Security Administration Personnel System’) and implement that system with respect to employees of the Administration. ‘‘(b) M
ODIFICATIONS .—In adapting the dem-onstration project described in subsection (a) into a permanent alternative personnel sys-tem, the Administrator— ‘‘(1) may, subject to paragraph (2), revise the requirements and limitations of the dem-onstration project to the extent necessary; and ‘‘(2) shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that the permanent alter-native personnel system is carried out in a manner consistent with the final plan for the demonstration project published in the Fed-eral Register on December 21, 2007 (72 Fed. Reg. 72776); ‘‘(B) ensure that significant changes in the system not take effect until revisions to the plan for the demonstration project are ap-proved by the Office of Personnel Manage-ment and published in the Federal Register; ‘‘(C) ensure that procedural modifications or clarifications to the final plan for the demonstration project be made through local notification processes; ‘‘(D) authorize, and establish incentives for, employees of the Administration to have rotational assignments among different pro-grams of the Administration, the head-quarters and field offices of the Administra-tion, and the management and operating contractors of the Administration; and ‘‘(E) establish requirements for employees of the Administration who are in the perma-nent alternative personnel system described 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3161 June 6, 2018 
in subsection (a) to be promoted to senior- level positions in the Administration, in-cluding requirements with respect to— ‘‘(i) professional training and continuing education; and ‘‘(ii) a certain number and types of rota-tional assignments under subparagraph (D), as determined by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION TO NAVAL NUCLEAR PRO-
PULSION PROGRAM .—The Director of the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program estab-lished pursuant to section 4101 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2511) and sec-tion 3216 of this Act may, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of the Navy, apply the alternative personnel system under sub-section (a) to— ‘‘(1) all employees of the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program in the competitive serv-ice (as defined in section 2102 of title 5, United States Code); and ‘‘(2) all employees of the Department of Navy who are assigned to the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program and are in the excepted service (as defined in section 2103 of title 5, United States Code) (other than such em-ployees in statutory excepted service sys-tems).’’. (b) B
RIEFING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall provide a briefing to the appropriate con-gressional committees on the implementa-tion of section 3248 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act, as added by subsection (a). (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 3116 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a); (2) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), and (d) as subsections (a), (b), and (c), respec-tively; and (3) in paragraph (1) of subsection (c), as so redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘im-plementation of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘im-plementation of subsection (a)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-section (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)’’. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the National Nuclear Security Administration Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3247 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3248. Alternative personnel system.’’. 
SEC. 3113. AMENDMENTS TO THE ATOMIC EN-ERGY ACT OF 1954. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS .—Section 57 b.(2) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)(2)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘the Department of Defense.’’ the following: ‘‘The Department of State, the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, the Department of Com-merce, and the Department of Defense shall submit to the Secretary of Energy their comments on the determination of the Sec-retary under the previous sentence and any information and analysis needed to support their positions.’’. (b) DELEGATION OF FUNCTIONS .—Section 161 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2201) is amended by striking subsection n. and inserting the following new subsection n.: ‘‘n. delegate to the General Manager or other officers of the Commission— ‘‘(1) the functions assigned to the Commis-sion under section 57 b. on a case-by-case basis consistent with the national security interests of the United States; and ‘‘(2) any of the other functions assigned to the Commission under this Act except those specified in section 51, 61, 108, 123, 145 b. (with respect to the determination of those per-sons to whom the Commission may reveal Restricted Data in the national interest), 145 f., or 161 a.;’’. (c) C
IVILPENALTIES .—Section 234 a. of the Atomic Energy Act (42 U.S.C. 2282(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘57,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2) violates any provision of section 57, or (3)’’. (d) R
EPORT .—Section 3136(e)(2) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (42 U.S.C. 2077a(e)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) any delegation of the functions under such section 57 b. made under section 161 n.(1) of that Act, including to whom such functions were delegated;’’; (4) in subparagraph (E), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F)(i) an explanation and justification of any determination under paragraph (2) of such section 57 b. that an authorization to transfer United States civil nuclear tech-nology to a foreign country is not in the in-terest of the United States, and any condi-tions placed on such an authorization, in-cluding any such determination or condi-tions resulting from coordination with the Department of State, the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, the Department of Com-merce, and the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(ii) an explanation and justification of any extensions of the deadlines established under the procedures required by section 57 b.’’. (e) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Energy has the authority to impose civil penalties for violations of section 57 b.(2) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)(2)), any rule, regulation, or order issued under that section, or any term, condition, or limita-tion of any license or certification issued under that section. (f) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall— (1) revise the regulations of the Depart-ment of Energy to reflect the authority of the Secretary to impose civil penalties for the violations described in subsection (e); or (2) submit to Congress a report describ-ing— (A) why the Secretary cannot make such revisions; and (B) what additional amendments to law would be required to enable the Secretary to do so. 
SEC. 3114. EXTENSION OF ENHANCED PROCURE-MENT AUTHORITY TO MANAGE SUP-PLY CHAIN RISK. 
Section 4806(g)(3) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2786(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘four’’ and inserting ‘‘10’’. SEC. 3115. PILOT PROGRAM ON CONDUCT BY DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY OF BACK-GROUND REVIEWS FOR ACCESS BY CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS TO NA-TIONAL SECURITY LABORATORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall establish a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of conducting background reviews required by section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) within the Department of En-ergy. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Under the pilot pro-gram established under subsection (a), the Secretary may admit an individual described in section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) to a facility of a national security laboratory described in that section if, in addition to the conduct of a background review under subsection (a) with respect to that individual— (1) the Secretary determines that the ad-mission of that individual to that facility is in the national interest and will further science, technology, and engineering capa-bilities in support of the mission of the De-partment of Energy; and (2) a security plan is developed and imple-mented to mitigate the risks associated with the admission of that individual to that fa-cility. (c) R
OLES OF SECRETARY AND DIRECTOR OF  N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE AND DIRECTOR OF  F
EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION .— (1) R
OLE OF SECRETARY .—Under the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall conduct background reviews for all in-dividuals described in section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) seeking admission to facilities of na-tional security laboratories described in that section. Such reviews by the Secretary shall be conducted independent of and in addition to background reviews conducted by the Di-rector of National Intelligence and the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investigation under that section. (2) R
OLES OF DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTEL -
LIGENCE AND DIRECTOR OF FEDERAL BUREAU OF  
INVESTIGATION .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), during the period during which the pilot program established under subsection (a) is being carried out, the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall retain primary responsibility for the conduct of all back-ground reviews required by section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)). (d) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program es-tablished under subsection (a) shall termi-nate on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the pilot pro-gram established under subsection (a) termi-nates under subsection (d), the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on the conduct of back-ground reviews under the pilot program that includes— (1) a comparison of the effectiveness of and timelines required for background reviews conducted by the Secretary under the pilot program and background reviews conducted by the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation under section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)); and (2) the number of such reviews conducted for individuals who are citizens or agents of each country on the sensitive countries list referred to in that section. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3162 June 6, 2018 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ATIONAL SECURITY LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘national security laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501). 
SEC. 3116. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR AC-CEPTANCE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FOR ACCELERATION OF REMOVAL OR SE-CURITY OF FISSILE MATERIALS, RA-DIOLOGICAL MATERIALS, AND RE-LATED EQUIPMENT AT VULNERABLE SITES WORLDWIDE. 
Section 3132(f)(7) of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2569(f)(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. 
SEC. 3117. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON DE-VELOPMENT OF LOW-YIELD NU-CLEAR WEAPONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The global posture of strategic nuclear forces has changed dramatically during the 10 years preceding the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) The Government of the Russian Federa-tion— (A) is violating the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimi-nation of their Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Wash-ington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988 (commonly known as the ‘‘INF Treaty’’); (B) is expanding its nuclear delivery sys-tems beyond the limitations provided for under the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011 (commonly known as the ‘‘New START Treaty’’); and (C) has considerable numerical advantages over the United States in tactical nuclear weapons. (3) Congress concurs with the findings of the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review. (4) United States nuclear forces must ad-just to new strategic realities. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION .—Section 3116(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1746; 50 U.S.C. 2529 note) is amended by striking ‘‘specifically authorized by Con-gress’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary specifi-cally requests funding for the development of that weapon pursuant to section 4209(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529(a))’’. 
SEC. 3118. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TERMINATING ACTIVITIES AT MOX FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Energy by this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year before fiscal year 2020 may be obligated or expended— (1) to terminate construction and project support activities at the MOX facility; or (2) to convert the MOX facility to be used for any purpose other than its original mis-sion. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘MOX facility’’ and ‘‘project support activi-ties’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3121(c) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). Subtitle C—Plans and Reports SEC. 3121. MODIFICATIONS TO COST-BENEFIT ANALYSES FOR COMPETITION OF MANAGEMENT AND OPERATING CONTRACTS. 
Section 3121 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2175), as most recently amended by section 3135 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1207), is further amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .—If the Adminis-trator for Nuclear Security awards a new contract to manage and operate a facility of the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report described in subsection (b) with respect to the contract by not later than 30 days after the completion of the period required to transition to the contract.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3), by inserting ‘‘, the costs of the transition to the contract from the previous contract,’’ after ‘‘conducting the competition’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Comptroller General shall determine, in consultation with the congressional defense committees, whether to conduct a comprehensive review of a re-port required by subsection (a). ‘‘(B) S
UBMISSION .—The Comptroller Gen-eral shall submit a comprehensive review conducted under subparagraph (A) of a re-port required by subsection (a) to the con-gressional defense committees not later than 3 years after that report is submitted to such committees. ‘‘(C) E
LEMENTS .—A comprehensive review conducted under subparagraph (A) of a re-port required by subsection (a) shall include an assessment, based on the most current in-formation available, of the following: ‘‘(i) The actual cost savings achieved com-pared to cost savings estimated under sub-section (b)(1), and any increased costs in-curred under the contract that were unex-pected or uncertain at the time the contract was awarded. ‘‘(ii) Any disruptions or delays in mission activities or deliverables resulting from the competition for the contract compared to the disruptions and delays estimated under subsection (b)(4). ‘‘(iii) Whether expected benefits of the competition with respect to mission per-formance or operations have been achieved. ‘‘(iv) Such other matters as the Comp-troller General considers appropriate.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 3122. REVIEW OF DEFENSE ENVIRON-MENTAL CLEANUP ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall enter into an arrangement with the Na-tional Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine to conduct a review of the de-fense environmental cleanup activities of the Office of Environmental Management of the Department of Energy. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review conducted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) project management practices with re-spect to the activities described in sub-section (a); (B) the outcomes of such activities; and (C) the appropriateness of the level of en-gagement and oversight of the Office of En-vironmental Management with respect to such activities; and (2) recommendations with respect to ac-tions to enhance the effectiveness of such ac-tivities. SEC. 3123. SURVEY OF WORKFORCE OF NATIONAL SECURITY LABORATORIES AND NU-CLEAR WEAPONS PRODUCTION FA-CILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report that includes— (1) a detailed proposal for a survey of the workforce of the national security labora-tories and nuclear weapons production facili-ties that is modeled on the Federal Em-ployee Viewpoint Survey of the Office of Per-sonnel Management; (2) the determination of the Administrator with respect to whether to implement the survey; and (3) if the Administrator determines not to implement the survey, a description of the reasons for that determination. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION FACTORS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall address fac-tors associated with implementation of the survey described in that subsection, includ-ing— (1) the costs of designing the survey; (2) the time required for and the costs of administering the survey and analyzing the data from the survey; (3) the periodicity of administering the survey to ascertain trends; and (4) any other matters the Administrator considers appropriate. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘national security laboratory’’ and ‘‘nuclear weapons production facility’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501). 
SEC. 3124. ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN REPORTS. 
(a) R EPORT OF OWNER ’SAGENT ON HANFORD  W
ASTE TREATMENT AND IMMOBILIZATION  P
LANT CONTRACT .—Section 4446 of the Atom-ic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2626) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. (b) F
UTURE -YEARS DEFENSE ENVIRON -
MENTAL MANAGEMENT PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4402A of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2582a) is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4402A. (c) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION OF SHIPMENTS TO  W
ASTE ISOLATION PILOT PLANT .—Section 3115 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2759) is repealed. 
SEC. 3125. IMPLEMENTATION OF NUCLEAR POS-TURE REVIEW BY NATIONAL NU-CLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 1, 2018, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the imple-mentation of the 2018 Nuclear Posture Re-view by the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A list of specific actions associated with implementation of the policies set forth in the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review applicable to the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. (2) For each such action— (A) an identification of the office within the Administration with responsibility for the action; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3163 June 6, 2018 
(B) key milestones for the action. (3) A discussion of any challenges to suc-cessfully implementing such actions. (4) A description of the process established for monitoring the implementation of such actions. (5) A description of policy decisions by the Administrator that are necessary to com-plete the implementation of such actions. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019, $31,243,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3501. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 109 of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 109. Maritime Administration ‘‘(a) O
RGANIZATION AND MISSION .—The Mar- itime Administration is an administration in the Department of Transportation. The mis-sion of the Maritime Administration is to foster, promote, and develop the merchant maritime industry of the United States. ‘‘(b) M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATOR .—The head of the Maritime Administration is the Mari-time Administrator, who is appointed by the President by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate. The Administrator shall report directly to the Secretary of Transpor-tation and carry out the duties prescribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) D
EPUTY MARITIME ADMINISTRATOR .— The Maritime Administration shall have a Deputy Maritime Administrator, who is ap-pointed in the competitive service by the Secretary, after consultation with the Ad-ministrator. The Deputy Administrator shall carry out the duties prescribed by the Ad-ministrator. The Deputy Administrator shall be Acting Administrator during the absence or disability of the Administrator and, un-less the Secretary designates another indi-vidual, during a vacancy in the office of Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(d) D
UTIES AND POWERS VESTED IN SEC-
RETARY .—All duties and powers of the Mari-time Administration are vested in the Sec-retary. ‘‘(e) R
EGIONAL OFFICES .—The Maritime Ad-ministration shall have regional offices for the Atlantic, Gulf, Great Lakes, and Pacific port ranges, and may have other regional of-fices as necessary. The Secretary shall ap-point a qualified individual as Director of each regional office. The Secretary shall carry out appropriate activities and pro-grams of the Maritime Administration through the regional offices. ‘‘(f) I
NTERAGENCY AND INDUSTRY RELA-
TIONS .—The Secretary shall establish and maintain liaison with other agencies, and with representative trade organizations throughout the United States, concerned with the transportation of commodities by water in the export and import foreign com-merce of the United States, for the purpose of securing preference to vessels of the United States for the transportation of those commodities. ‘‘(g) DETAILING OFFICERS FROM ARMED  F
ORCES .—To assist the Secretary in carrying out duties and powers relating to the Mari-time Administration, not more than five of-ficers of the Armed Forces may be detailed to the Secretary at any one time, in addition to details authorized by any other law. Dur-ing the period of a detail, the Secretary shall pay the officer an amount that, when added to the officer’s pay and allowances as an offi-cer in the Armed Forces, makes the officer’s total pay and allowances equal to the amount that would be paid to an individual performing work the Secretary considers to be of similar importance, difficulty, and re-sponsibility as that performed by the officer during the detail. ‘‘(h) C
ONTRACTS , C OOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS , ANDAUDITS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—In the same manner that a private corporation may make a contract within the scope of its authority under its charter, the Secretary may make contracts and coopera-tive agreements for the United States Gov-ernment and disburse amounts to— ‘‘(A) carry out the Secretary’s duties and powers under this section, subtitle V of title 46, and all other Maritime Administration programs; and ‘‘(B) protect, preserve, and improve collat-eral held by the Secretary to secure indebt-edness. ‘‘(2) A
UDITS .—The financial transactions of the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be audited by the Comptroller General. The Comptroller General shall allow credit for an expenditure shown to be necessary because of the nature of the business activities au-thorized by this section or subtitle V of title 46. At least once a year, the Comptroller General shall report to Congress any depar-ture by the Secretary from this section or subtitle V of title 46. ‘‘(i) G
RANT ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— Except as otherwise provided by law, the ad-ministrative and related expenses for the ad-ministration of any grant programs by the Maritime Administrator may not exceed 3 percent. ‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, there are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be necessary to carry out the duties and powers of the Secretary relating to the Maritime Administration. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Only those amounts specifically authorized by law may be appro-priated for the use of the Maritime Adminis-tration for— ‘‘(A) acquisition, construction, or recon-struction of vessels; ‘‘(B) construction-differential subsidies in-cident to the construction, reconstruction, or reconditioning of vessels; ‘‘(C) costs of national defense features; ‘‘(D) payments of obligations incurred for operating-differential subsidies; ‘‘(E) expenses necessary for research and development activities, including reimburse-ment of the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund for losses resulting from expenses of experimental vessel operations; ‘‘(F) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund; ‘‘(G) National Defense Reserve Fleet ex-penses; ‘‘(H) expenses necessary to carry out part B of subtitle V of title 46; and ‘‘(I) other operations and training expenses related to the development of waterborne transportation systems, the use of water-borne transportation systems, and general administration.’’. SEC. 3502. PERMANENT AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO ISSUE VESSEL WAR RISK INSUR-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53912 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 539 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 53912. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table in this division specifies a dollar amount au-thorized for a project, program, or activity, the obligation and expenditure of the speci-fied dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. (b) M
ERIT-BASED DECISIONS .—A decision to commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) be based on merit-based selection proce-dures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and (2) comply with other applicable provisions of law. (c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PRO-
GRAMMING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified in the funding tables in this division may be transferred or reprogrammed under a trans-fer or reprogramming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The transfer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or sec-tion 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation ac-counts. (d) A
PPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. (e) O
RAL WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .—No oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the require-ments of this section. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 2 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 744 744 3 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 43,326 43,326 4 RQ–11 (RAVEN) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 46,416 46,416 ROTARY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3164 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
7 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 753,248 753,248 8 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN AP ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 174,550 174,550 9 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 284,687 284,687 10 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD AP ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 58,600 58,600 11 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 988,810 988,810 12 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) AP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 106,150 106,150 13 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 146,138 146,138 14 CH–47 HELICOPTER ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 99,278 99,278 15 CH–47 HELICOPTER AP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 24,235 24,235 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 18 UNIVERSAL GROUND CONTROL EQUIPMENT (UAS) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 27,114 27,114 19 GRAY EAGLE MODS2 ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 97,781 97,781 20 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 52,274 52,274 21 AH–64 MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 104,996 104,996 22 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 7,807 7,807 23 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 5,573 5,573 24 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 7,522 7,522 25 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 20,448 20,448 26 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 17,719 17,719 27 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 6,443 6,443 28 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 123,614 123,614 29 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 161,969 161,969 30 DEGRADED VISUAL ENVIRONMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 30,000 30,000 31 GATM ROLLUP ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 26,848 26,848 32 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 103,246 103,246 33 UAS MODS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 17,644 17,644 GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 34 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 57,170 57,170 35 SURVIVABILITY CM ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 5,853 5,853 36 CMWS ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 13,496 13,496 37 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 36,839 36,839 OTHER SUPPORT 38 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,778 1,778 39 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 34,818 34,818 40 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 27,243 27,243 41 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ......................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
.................................................... 63,872 63,872 42 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 1,417 1,417 43 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,901 1,901 44 LAUNCHER GUIDED MISSILE: LONGBOW HELLFIRE XM2 ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 991 991 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..3,782,558 3,782,558 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 1 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 111,395 111,395 2 MSE MISSILE .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 871,276 871,276 3 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 145,636 645,636 Acceleration of cruise missile defense ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. [500,000] 4 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I AP ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 31,286 31,286 AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 6 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 276,462 276,462 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 8 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 303,665 303,665 9 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 105,014 105,014 10 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY AP ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 19,949 19,949 11 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 359,613 359,613 12 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 20,964 20,964 MODIFICATIONS 15 PATRIOT MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 313,228 313,228 16 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 221,656 141,656 Requested quantity exceeds maximum ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................. [–80,000] 17 GMLRS MOD ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 266 266 18 STINGER MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 94,756 94,756 19 AVENGER MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 48,670 48,670 20 ITAS/TOW MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 3,173 3,173 21 MLRS MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 383,216 383,216 22 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 10,196 10,196 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 23 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 27,737 27,737 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 24 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 6,417 6,417 25 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,202 1,202 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....3,355,777 3,775,777 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 2 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 479,801 379,801 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ [–100,000] MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 4 STRYKER (MOD) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 287,490 138,100 Army requested transfer ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... [–149,390] 5 STRYKER UPGRADE .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 21,900 171,290 Army requested transfer ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... [149,390] 6 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 625,424 301,424 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3165 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ [–324,000] 7 M109 FOV MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 26,482 26,482 8 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 351,802 461,802 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. [110,000] 9 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 110,500 110,500 10 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,120 2,120 11 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 62,407 62,407 12 M88 FOV MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 4,517 4,517 13 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 142,255 142,255 14 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 927,600 927,600 15 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,075,999 1,075,999 WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 18 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN (7.62MM) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,955 1,955 19 MULTI-ROLE ANTI-ARMOR ANTI-PERSONNEL WEAPON S ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 23,345 23,345 20 GUN AUTOMATIC 30MM M230 ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 7,434 7,434 21 MACHINE GUN, CAL .50 M2 ROLL ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 22,330 22,330 22 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 12,470 12,470 23 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 697 697 24 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 46,236 46,236 25 CARBINE ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 69,306 69,306 26 SMALL ARMS—FIRE CONTROL ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 7,929 7,929 27 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 35,968 35,968 28 HANDGUN ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 48,251 48,251 MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 29 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 1,684 1,684 30 M777 MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 3,086 3,086 31 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 31,575 31,575 32 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 21,600 21,600 33 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 3,924 3,924 34 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 6,940 6,940 35 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 2,747 2,747 36 M119 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 5,704 5,704 37 MORTAR MODIFICATION ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 3,965 3,965 38 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 5,577 5,577 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 39 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
...................................... 3,174 3,174 40 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 3,284 3,284 41 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 1,640 1,640 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 4,489,118 4,175,118 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 41,848 35,148 FY2018 Omnibus forward finance ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. [–6,700] 2 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 86,199 86,199 3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 20,158 20,158 4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 65,573 65,573 5 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 8,198 8,198 7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 77,995 77,995 8 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 69,781 69,781 MORTAR AMMUNITION 9 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 45,280 45,280 10 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 46,853 46,853 11 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 83,003 83,003 TANK AMMUNITION 12 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 168,101 168,101 ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 13 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 39,341 39,341 14 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 211,442 211,442 15 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 100,906 100,906 16 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 236,677 136,677 Ammunition Cuts ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ [–100,000] MINES 17 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 15,905 15,905 ROCKETS 18 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 4,503 4,503 19 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 211,211 211,211 OTHER AMMUNITION 20 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 10,428 10,428 21 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 44,656 44,656 22 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 19,896 19,896 23 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 10,121 10,121 24 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 11,464 11,464 MISCELLANEOUS 25 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 5,224 5,224 26 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 4,310 4,310 
27 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 11,193 11,193 28 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 10,500 10,500 29 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 18,456 18,456 30 CLOSEOUT LIABILITIES ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 100 100 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 32 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 394,133 394,133 33 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 157,535 157,535 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3166 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
34 ARMS INITIATIVE ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 3,771 3,771 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2,234,761 2,128,061 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 1 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 16,512 16,512 2 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 16,951 16,951 3 AMBULANCE, 4 LITTER, 5/4 TON, 4X4 ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 50,123 50,123 4 GROUND MOBILITY VEHICLES (GMV) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 46,988 46,988 6 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 1,319,436 1,069,436 Program reduction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ [–250,000] 7 TRUCK, DUMP, 20T (CCE) ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 6,480 6,480 8 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 132,882 132,882 9 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 14,842 14,842 10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 138,105 138,105 12 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 31,892 31,892 13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 38,128 38,128 14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 78,507 78,507 NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 16 HEAVY ARMORED VEHICLE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 790 790 17 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 1,390 1,390 18 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 15,415 15,415 COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 20 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 150,777 150,777 21 TACTICAL NETWORK TECHNOLOGY MOD IN SVC ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 469,117 469,117 22 SITUATION INFORMATION TRANSPORT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 62,727 62,727 23 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 13,895 13,895 24 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 4,866 4,866 COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 27 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 108,133 108,133 28 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 56,737 56,737 29 SHF TERM .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 13,100 13,100 30 SMART-T (SPACE) ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 9,160 9,160 31 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 25,647 25,647 32 ENROUTE MISSION COMMAND (EMC) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 37,401 37,401 COMM—C3 SYSTEM 36 COE TACTICAL SERVER INFRASTRUCTURE (TSI) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 20,500 20,500 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 38 HANDHELD MANPACK SMALL FORM FIT (HMS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 351,565 351,565 
40 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 4,641 4,641 41 TRACTOR DESK ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 2,187 2,187 42 TRACTOR RIDE ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 9,411 9,411 44 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 17,515 17,515 45 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 819 819 46 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 17,807 17,807 47 COTS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 191,835 191,835 48 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 25,177 25,177 COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 50 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE (MIP) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 9,740 9,740 51 DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION INITIATIVE ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 2,667 2,667 INFORMATION SECURITY 53 FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 8,319 8,319 54 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 2,000 2,000 55 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 88,337 88,337 56 DEFENSIVE CYBER OPERATIONS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 51,343 51,343 57 INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM—UNIT ACTIVITY MONITO ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 330 330 58 PERSISTENT CYBER TRAINING ENVIRONMENT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 3,000 3,000 COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 59 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 34,434 34,434 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 60 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 95,558 95,558 61 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 4,736 4,736 62 HOME STATION MISSION COMMAND CENTERS (HSMCC) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 24,479 24,479 63 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 216,433 216,433 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 66 JTT/CIBS-M (MIP) ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 10,268 10,268 68 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 261,863 261,863 69 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) (MIP) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 5,434 5,434 70 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 20,623 20,623 71 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 45,998 47,798 SOUTHCOM SIGINT Suite COMSAT RF ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................. [1,800] 72 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING & COLL(CHARCS)(MIP) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 296 296 76 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MIP) ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 410 410 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 77 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 9,165 9,165 78 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 5,875 5,875 79 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) (MIP) .................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
.................................................... 8,497 8,497 83 CI MODERNIZATION (MIP) ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 486 486 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 84 SENTINEL MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 79,629 79,629 85 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 153,180 153,180 87 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 22,882 22,882 88 RADIATION MONITORING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 17,393 17,393 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3167 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
90 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 46,740 46,740 91 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 140,737 140,737 93 PROFILER .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 171 171 94 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 405,239 405,239 95 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 66,574 66,574 96 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 20,783 20,783 97 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 8,553 8,553 98 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 21,489 21,489 99 COUNTERFIRE RADARS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 162,121 162,121 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 100 ARMY COMMAND POST INTEGRATED INFRASTRUCTURE ( .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 2,855 2,855 101 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 19,153 19,153 102 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 33,837 33,837 103 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 5,136 5,136 104 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 18,329 18,329 105 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 38,015 38,015 106 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 15,164 15,164 107 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 29,239 29,239 109 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 6,823 6,823 110 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 1,177 1,177 ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 111 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 12,265 12,265 112 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 201,875 186,875 Consolidating more IT purchases ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... [–15,000] 113 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 10,976 10,976 114 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 66,330 66,330 115 CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 5,927 5,927 116 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 27,896 27,896 ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 117 TACTICAL DIGITAL MEDIA ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 4,392 4,392 118 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 1,970 1,970 ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 119 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 506 506 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 4,501 4,501 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 121 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 2,314 2,314 122 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 7,478 7,478 
124 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 173,954 173,954 BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 125 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 98,229 98,229 126 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 64,438 64,438 127 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 79,916 79,916 ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 128 HANDHELD STANDOFF MINEFIELD DETECTION SYS-HST .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 8,471 8,471 129 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 29,883 29,883 130 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMDS) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 11,594 11,594 131 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 40,834 40,834 132 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 4,029 4,029 133 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 14,208 14,208 134 ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 31,456 31,456 136 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,748 1,748 137 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 7,829 7,829 138 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 5,806 5,806 COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 139 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 9,852 9,852 140 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 1,103 1,103 141 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 5,875 5,875 142 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 92,487 92,487 143 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 30,774 30,774 145 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 17,521 17,521 146 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 44,855 44,855 147 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 17,173 17,173 148 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 2,000 2,000 PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 149 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 1,770 1,770 150 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 39,730 39,730 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 151 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 57,752 57,752 MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 152 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 37,722 37,722 153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 4,985 4,985 CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 155 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 7,961 7,961 156 HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 1,355 1,355 158 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 13,031 13,031 159 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) ....................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... .................................. 46,048 46,048 160 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 980 980 161 CONST EQUIP ESP ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 37,017 37,017 162 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 6,103 6,103 RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 163 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 27,711 27,711 164 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 8,385 8,385 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3168 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
GENERATORS 165 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 133,772 133,772 166 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 8,333 8,333 MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 167 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 12,901 12,901 TRAINING EQUIPMENT 168 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 123,228 123,228 169 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 228,598 228,598 170 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 33,080 33,080 171 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 32,700 32,700 172 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 25,161 25,161 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 173 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 4,270 4,270 174 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 76,295 76,295 175 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 9,806 9,806 OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 176 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 4,368 4,368 177 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 9,879 9,879 178 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 54,043 54,043 179 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 6,633 6,633 180 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 49,797 49,797 181 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 2,301 2,301 182 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 11,608 11,608 183 TRACTOR YARD ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 4,956 4,956 OPA2 184 INITIAL SPARES—C&E ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 9,817 9,817 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......7,999,529 7,736,329 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY COMBAT AIRCRAFT 1 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 1,937,553 1,937,553 2 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET AP ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 58,799 58,799 3 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,144,958 1,023,958 Program Realignment ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... [–121,000] 4 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV AP ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 140,010 140,010 5 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 2,312,847 2,312,847 6 JSF STOVL AP ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 228,492 228,492 7 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 1,113,804 1,113,804 8 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) AP ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 161,079 161,079 9 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ...........................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 806,337 806,337 10 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) AP ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 36,955 36,955 11 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 820,755 820,755 14 P–8A POSEIDON ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 1,803,753 1,803,753 15 P–8A POSEIDON AP ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 180,000 180,000 16 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 742,693 917,693 UPL—1 additional Aircraft ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... [175,000] 17 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE AP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 240,734 240,734 71 O/A-X LIGHT ATTACK AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 0 100,000 Initial procurement for light attack aircraft .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [100,000] AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 18 C–40A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 206,000 0 Funded in FY18 Omnibus ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... [–206,000] OTHER AIRCRAFT 20 KC–130J ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 160,433 160,433 21 KC–130J AP .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 110,013 110,013 22 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 568,743 568,743 23 MQ–4 TRITON AP .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 58,522 58,522 24 MQ–8 UAV .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 54,761 54,761 25 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 14,866 14,866 26 VH–92A EXECUTIVE HELO ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 649,015 649,015 72 UAV ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 0 100,000 Procurement of UAV ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... [100,000] MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 27 AEA SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 25,277 25,277 28 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 58,577 58,577 29 ADVERSARY ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 14,606 14,606 30 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 1,213,482 1,227,382 UPL—EA–18G Advanced Modes / Cognitive EW ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... [13,900] 31 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 70,997 70,997 32 SH–60 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 130,661 130,661 33 H–1 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 87,143 87,143 34 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 3,633 3,633 35 P–3 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 803 803 36 E–2 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 88,780 88,780 37 TRAINER A/C SERIES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 11,660 11,660 
38 C–2A ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 11,327 11,327 39 C–130 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 79,075 79,075 40 FEWSG ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 597 597 41 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 8,932 8,932 42 E–6 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 181,821 181,821 43 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 23,566 23,566 44 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 7,620 7,620 45 T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 195,475 195,475 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3169 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
46 POWER PLANT CHANGES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 21,521 21,521 47 JPATS SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 27,644 27,644 48 AVIATION LIFE SUPPORT MODS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 15,864 15,864 49 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 166,306 191,306 UPL—F/A–18 E/F Adaptative Radar Countermeasures ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. [25,000] 50 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 117,551 117,551 51 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,994 1,994 52 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 40,696 40,696 53 P–8 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 71,251 71,251 54 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 11,590 11,590 55 MQ–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 37,907 37,907 57 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 214,820 214,820 58 NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 952 952 59 F–35 STOVL SERIES ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 36,618 70,118 F–35B Modifications Increase ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... [33,500] 60 F–35 CV SERIES .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 21,236 26,236 F–35C Modifications Increase ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... [5,000] 61 QRC ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 101,499 101,499 62 MQ–4 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 48,278 48,278 63 RQ–21 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 6,904 6,904 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 64 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 1,792,920 1,842,920 F–35B and F–35C spares quantity increase ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... [50,000] AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 65 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 421,606 421,606 66 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 24,496 24,496 67 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 42,108 42,108 68 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,444 1,444 69 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 49,489 49,489 70 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 1,951 1,951 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..19,041,799 19,217,199 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 1 TRIDENT II MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 1,078,750 1,078,750 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 2 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 6,998 6,998 STRATEGIC MISSILES 
3 TOMAHAWK ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 98,570 98,570 TACTICAL MISSILES 4 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 211,058 211,058 5 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 77,927 122,927 Navy UPL: Increase to maximum capacity ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ [45,000] 6 JSOW ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 1,330 1,330 7 STANDARD MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 490,210 490,210 8 STANDARD MISSILE AP .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 125,683 125,683 9 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 91,272 91,272 10 RAM ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 96,221 96,221 11 JOINT AIR GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 24,109 24,109 14 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 11,378 11,378 15 AERIAL TARGETS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 137,137 137,137 16 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 3,318 3,318 17 LRASM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 81,190 111,190 Navy UPL: Increase to maximum capacity ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ [30,000] 18 LCS OTH MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 18,156 18,156 MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 19 ESSM ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 98,384 98,384 20 HARPOON MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 14,840 26,840 Navy UPL: Increase to max capacity ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. [12,000] 21 HARM MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 187,985 74,085 Reduce procurement due to test results ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. [–113,900] SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 23 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 2,006 2,006 24 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 66,779 66,779 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 25 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 62,008 62,008 TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 26 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 6,353 6,353 27 MK–48 TORPEDO ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 92,616 103,616 Navy UPL: Increase to maximum capacity ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ [11,000] 28 ASW TARGETS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 12,324 12,324 MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 29 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 105,946 105,946 30 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 40,005 40,005 31 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 9,758 9,758 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 32 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 79,371 79,371 33 ASW RANGE SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 3,872 3,872 DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 34 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 3,726 3,726 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 35 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 15,067 15,067 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3170 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
36 CIWS MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 63,318 63,318 37 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 40,823 40,823 38 GUN MOUNT MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 74,618 74,618 39 LCS MODULE WEAPONS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 11,350 5,350 Early to need .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ [–6,000] 41 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 22,249 22,249 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 43 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 135,688 135,688 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..3,702,393 3,680,493 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 79,871 79,871 2 JDAM ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 87,900 87,900 3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 151,431 151,431 4 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 11,344 11,344 5 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 49,471 49,471 6 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 56,227 56,227 7 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 66,382 66,382 8 JATOS ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 2,907 2,907 9 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 72,657 72,657 10 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 33,613 20,613 Alamo LRIP ahead of testing .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... [–13,000] 11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 42,142 42,142 12 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 49,888 49,888 13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 10,931 10,931 15 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 1,106 1,106 MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 19 MORTARS ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 28,266 28,266 21 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 63,664 63,664 22 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 59,295 59,295 26 COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 31,577 31,577 28 AMMO MODERNIZATION .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 15,001 15,001 29 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 86,297 86,297 30 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 6,239 6,239 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 1,006,209 993,209 SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY 
FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE SHIPS 1 OHIO REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE AP ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3,005,330 3,005,330 OTHER WARSHIPS 2 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1,598,181 1,598,181 4 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 4,373,382 4,373,382 5 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE AP .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 2,796,401 3,046,401 FY19–23 MYP EOQ or SIB expansion ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. [250,000] 7 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS AP ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 449,597 449,597 8 DDG 1000 ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 270,965 0 Cost growth transfer to Line 28 ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... [–270,965] 9 DDG–51 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 5,253,327 5,225,827 Multiyear procurement contract savings ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... [–27,500] 10 DDG–51 AP ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 391,928 641,928 Enable greater long lead material procurement .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................... [250,000] 11 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 646,244 576,244 Align Plans and Other costs with end of production ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... [–70,000] AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 12 LPD –17 ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 0 650,000 AP for FY2020 LPD Flight II and/or MYP EOQ ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... [650,000] 13 EXPEDITIONARY SEA BASE (ESB) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 650,000 650,000 AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 16 TAO FLEET OILER ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 977,104 977,104 17 TAO FLEET OILER AP .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 75,046 75,046 18 TOWING, SALVAGE, AND RESCUE SHIP (ATS) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 80,517 80,517 20 LCU 1700 .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 41,520 41,520 21 OUTFITTING .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 634,038 562,038 Unjustified cost growth ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... [–72,000] 22 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 325,375 325,375 23 SERVICE CRAFT ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 72,062 97,062 Accelerate detail design and construction of YP–703 Flight II .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. [25,000] 24 LCAC SLEP ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 23,321 23,321 28 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 207,099 478,064 Cost growth transfer from Line 8 ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... [270,965] 29 CABLE SHIP .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 0 250,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. [250,000] TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 21,871,437 23,126,937 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 1 SURFACE POWER EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 19,700 19,700 GENERATORS 3 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 23,495 23,495 NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 4 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 63,330 73,330 Accelerate ECDIS-N 9.3, 9.4, 9.5 implementation ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... [10,000] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3171 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 5 SUB PERISCOPE, IMAGING AND SUPT EQUIP PROG ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 178,421 178,421 6 DDG MOD ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 487,999 487,999 7 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 28,143 28,143 8 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 2,248 2,248 9 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 37,694 37,694 10 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 20,883 20,883 11 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 37,155 37,155 12 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 66,328 66,328 13 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 47,241 47,241 14 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 27,987 27,987 15 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 65,033 65,033 16 DDG 1000 CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 89,700 51,300 Procurement early to need ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... [–38,400] 17 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 22,254 22,254 18 DSSP EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 3,629 3,629 19 CG MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 276,446 276,446 20 LCAC ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 3,709 3,709 21 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 78,807 78,807 22 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 126,865 101,865 Insufficient justification for CVN–78 in-service requirements .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... [–25,000] 23 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 2,966 2,966 24 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 11,968 11,968 REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 25 REACTOR POWER UNITS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 346,325 346,325 26 REACTOR COMPONENTS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 497,063 497,063 OCEAN ENGINEERING 27 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 10,706 10,706 SMALL BOATS 28 STANDARD BOATS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 49,771 49,771 PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 29 OPERATING FORCES IPE ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 225,181 225,181 OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 31 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 46,732 46,732 32 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 124,147 152,063 Transfer Cobra trainer from Line 53 ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. [8,616] Transfer Knifefish and UISS trainers from Line 52 .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... [19,300] 33 LCS ASW MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
.............................................. 57,294 39,294 Excess procurement ahead of satisfactory testing ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... [–18,000] 34 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 26,006 14,506 Excess procurement ahead of satisfactory testing ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... [–11,500] 35 LCS IN-SERVICE MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 70,526 70,526 LOGISTIC SUPPORT 36 LSD MIDLIFE & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 4,784 4,784 SHIP SONARS 37 SPQ–9B RADAR ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 20,309 20,309 38 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 115,459 115,459 39 SSN ACOUSTIC EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 318,189 318,189 40 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 10,134 10,134 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 41 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 23,815 23,815 42 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 11,277 6,277 AN/SLQ–32E contract delay ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... [–5,000] 43 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 237,780 237,780 44 SURTASS ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 57,872 57,872 ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 45 AN/SLQ–32 ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 420,344 420,344 RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 46 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 220,883 220,883 47 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 4,028 4,028 OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 48 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 44,173 38,173 Common Array Block antenna program delay ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ [–6,000] 49 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 10,991 10,991 50 ATDLS ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 34,526 34,526 51 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 3,769 3,769 52 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 35,709 16,409 Transfer Knifefish and UISS trainers to Line 32 ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... [–19,300] 53 SHALLOW WATER MCM ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 8,616 0 Transfer Cobra trainer to Line 32 .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... [–8,616] 54 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 10,703 10,703 55 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 2,626 2,626 56 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 9,467 9,467 AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 57 ASHORE ATC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 70,849 70,849 58 AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 47,890 47,890 
59 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 26,163 26,163 60 JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEM ( ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 38,094 38,094 61 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 11,966 11,966 OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 62 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 42,010 42,010 63 DCGS-N ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 12,896 12,896 64 CANES ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 423,027 423,027 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3172 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
65 RADIAC ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 8,175 8,175 66 CANES-INTELL ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 54,465 54,465 67 GPETE ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 5,985 5,985 68 MASF ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 5,413 5,413 69 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 6,251 6,251 70 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 4,183 4,183 71 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 148,350 142,950 NGSSR installation funding early to need ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. [–5,400] SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 72 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 45,450 45,450 73 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 105,087 105,087 74 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 41,123 41,123 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 75 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 30,897 30,897 76 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 78,580 78,580 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 77 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 41,205 41,205 78 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 113,885 113,885 SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 79 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 4,292 4,292 CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 80 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 153,526 153,526 81 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 951 951 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 82 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 14,209 17,009 SOUTHCOM CCO Sensor (2 suites) ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [2,800] OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 86 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 40,713 40,713 SONOBUOYS 88 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 177,891 213,891 Navy UPL ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. [36,000] AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 89 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 93,864 93,864 90 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 111,724 111,724 91 ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 11,054 11,054 92 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 21,072 21,072 93 DCRS/DPL .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 656 656 94 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 11,299 11,299 95 LAMPS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 594 594 96 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ...............................................................................................................................
............................................. 39,374 39,374 97 UMCS-UNMAN CARRIER AVIATION(UCA)MISSION CNTRL ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 35,405 35,405 SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 98 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 5,337 5,337 SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 99 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 213,090 213,090 100 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 92,890 92,890 FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 101 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 271,817 271,817 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 102 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 129,501 129,501 103 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 19,436 19,436 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 104 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 14,258 14,258 105 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 5,378 5,378 OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 106 SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 65,543 65,543 107 SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 230,425 230,425 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 108 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 4,867 4,867 109 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 2,674 2,674 110 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 20,994 20,994 111 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 17,189 17,189 112 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 19,916 19,916 113 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 7,400 7,400 114 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 2,713 2,713 115 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 35,540 35,540 116 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 1,155 1,155 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 117 SUPPLY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 18,786 18,786 118 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 5,375 5,375 119 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 580,371 580,371 TRAINING DEVICES 120 TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 3,400 3,400 121 TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 24,283 24,283 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 122 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 66,681 66,681 123 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 3,352 3,352 125 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,984 1,984 126 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 15,131 15,131 127 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 3,576 3,576 
128 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 31,902 31,902 129 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 175,436 195,436 New Navy port waterborne security barriers increase ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... [20,000] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3173 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
130 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 25,393 25,393 OTHER 133 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 96,269 96,269 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 15,681 15,681 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 134 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 326,838 326,838 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........9,414,355 9,373,855 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 AAV7A1 PIP ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 156,249 78,149 Unjustified investment in a vehicle with low/limited combat utility ............................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ [–78,100] 2 AMPHIBIOUS COMBAT VEHICLE 1.1 ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 167,478 167,478 3 LAV PIP ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 43,701 43,701 ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 5 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 47,158 47,158 6 ARTILLERY WEAPONS SYSTEM ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 134,246 134,246 7 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 40,687 40,687 OTHER SUPPORT 8 MODIFICATION KITS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 22,904 22,904 GUIDED MISSILES 9 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 18,334 18,334 10 ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-JAVELIN .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 3,020 3,020 11 FAMILY ANTI-ARMOR WEAPON SYSTEMS (FOAAWS) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 13,760 13,760 12 ANTI-ARMOR MISSILE-TOW ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 59,702 59,702 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 13 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 35,467 35,467 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 14 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 46,081 46,081 OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 15 MODIFICATION KITS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 971 971 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 16 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 69,203 69,203 17 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 14,269 14,269 RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 18 RADAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 6,694 6,694 19 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 224,969 224,969 INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 21 GCSS-MC ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 1,187 1,187 22 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 60,189 60,189 23 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 73,848 73,848 25 UNMANNED AIR SYSTEMS (INTEL) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 3,848 3,848 26 DCGS-MC ..................................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
............................................................ 16,081 16,081 OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 30 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 87,120 87,120 31 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 68,914 68,914 32 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 124,838 99,870 Operational limitations of NOTM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... [–24,968] 33 RADIO SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 279,680 279,680 34 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 36,649 36,649 35 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 83,971 83,971 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 3,626 3,626 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 36 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 25,441 25,441 TACTICAL VEHICLES 37 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 11,392 11,392 38 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 607,011 607,011 39 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 2,393 2,393 40 TRAILERS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 6,540 6,540 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 41 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 496 496 42 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 54 54 43 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 21,062 21,062 44 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 5,290 5,290 45 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 47,854 47,854 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 46 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 28,306 28,306 GENERAL PROPERTY 47 FIELD MEDICAL EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 33,513 33,513 48 TRAINING DEVICES ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 52,040 41,632 Excess to need ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... [–10,408] 49 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 36,156 36,156 50 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 606 606 OTHER SUPPORT 51 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 11,608 11,608 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 53 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 25,804 25,804 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...2,860,410 2,746,934 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL FORCES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3174 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
1 F–35 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,261,021 4,193,521 Program Realignment ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... [–67,500] 2 F–35 AP ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 406,000 406,000 18 O/A-X LIGHT ATTACK AIRCRAFT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 0 350,000 Procurement of OA-X aircraft and long lead materials ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... [350,000] OTHER COMBAT AIRCRAFT 3 C–135B ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 222,176 222,176 TACTICAL AIRLIFT 4 KC–46A TANKER ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 2,559,911 2,312,011 Interim contractor support ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ [–102,700] Restore program accountability ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... [–145,200] OTHER AIRLIFT 5 C–130J ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 35,858 35,858 6 HC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 129,437 129,437 8 MC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 770,201 770,201 9 MC–130J AP ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 218,000 218,000 HELICOPTERS 11 COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 680,201 680,201 MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 13 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 2,719 2,719 OTHER AIRCRAFT 14 TARGET DRONES ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 139,053 139,053 15 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 108,113 108,113 17 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 221,707 341,707 Increase to accelerate Advanced Battle Management System ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... [120,000] STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 19 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 60,301 60,301 20 B–1B ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 51,290 51,290 21 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 105,519 100,719 Air Force requested realignment ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... [–14,800] LRASM certification ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ [10,000] TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 23 A–10 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 98,720 163,720 Additional replacement wings ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... [65,000] 24 C–130J ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 10,831 10,831 25 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 548,109 548,109 26 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 324,323 324,323 27 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 250,710 250,710 29 F–35 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 247,271 297,271 
F–35A Modifications increase ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... [50,000] 30 F–15 EPAW ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 147,685 147,685 31 INCREMENT 3.2B .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 9,007 9,007 33 KC–46A TANKER ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 8,547 8,547 AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 34 C–5 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 77,845 77,845 36 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 102,121 102,121 37 C–21 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 17,516 17,516 38 C–32A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 4,537 4,537 39 C–37A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 419 419 TRAINER AIRCRAFT 41 GLIDER MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 137 137 42 T–6 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 22,550 22,550 43 T–1 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 21,952 21,952 44 T–38 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 70,623 70,623 OTHER AIRCRAFT 45 U–2 MODS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 48,774 48,774 46 KC–10A (ATCA) ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 11,104 11,104 47 C–12 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,900 4,900 48 VC–25A MOD .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 36,938 36,938 49 C–40 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 251 251 50 C–130 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 22,094 96,094 T56 Series 3.5 Engine Enhancement packages ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ [74,000] 51 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 132,045 132,045 52 C–135 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 113,076 113,076 53 OC–135B ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 5,913 5,913 54 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 49,885 49,885 55 COMBAT FLIGHT INSPECTION (CFIN) ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 499 499 56 RC–135 ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 394,532 394,532 57 E–3 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 133,906 133,906 58 E–4 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 67,858 67,858 59 E–8 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 9,919 34,919 Central Computer upgrade design ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. [25,000] 60 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CNTR SYS (AWACS) 40/45 ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 57,780 57,780 61 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 14,293 14,293 62 H–1 ......................................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
................................................................. 2,940 2,940 63 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 55,466 55,466 64 RQ–4 MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 23,715 23,715 65 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 37,754 37,754 66 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 62,010 62,010 67 MQ–9 MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 171,548 171,548 69 CV–22 MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 60,416 60,416 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 70 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 956,408 1,006,408 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3175 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
F–35A spares ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... [50,000] COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 71 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 81,241 81,241 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 74 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 1,763 1,763 75 B–2B ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 35,861 35,861 76 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 12,819 12,819 77 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 10,114 10,114 79 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 2,545 2,545 81 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 11,718 11,718 82 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 14,489 14,489 83 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 9,928 9,928 84 RQ–4 POST PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 40,641 40,641 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 86 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 17,378 17,378 WAR CONSUMABLES 88 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 29,342 29,342 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 89 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,502,386 1,502,386 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 28,278 28,278 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 16,206,937 16,620,737 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 1 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 36,786 36,786 TACTICAL 2 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 430,708 430,708 3 LRASM0 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 44,185 54,385 Restore reduction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. [10,200] 4 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 121,253 121,253 5 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 337,886 337,886 6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 113,765 113,765 7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 105,034 105,034 8 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 100,861 92,861 Unit price adjustment .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... [–8,000] INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 9 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 787 787 CLASS IV 10 ICBM FUZE MOD ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 15,767 15,767 11 ICBM FUZE MOD AP ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 4,100 4,100 12 MM III MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 129,199 129,199 
13 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 288 288 14 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 47,632 47,632 MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 16 REPLEN SPARES/REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 97,481 97,481 SPECIAL PROGRAMS 18 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 188,539 188,539 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 895,183 895,183 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 2,669,454 2,671,654 SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE SPACE PROGRAMS 1 ADVANCED EHF ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 29,829 29,829 2 AF SATELLITE COMM SYSTEM ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 35,400 35,400 3 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 1,121 1,121 4 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 27,867 27,867 5 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 61,606 61,606 6 GENERAL INFORMATION TECH—SPACE ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 3,425 3,425 7 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 69,386 69,386 8 GLOBAL POSTIONING (SPACE) .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 2,181 2,181 9 INTEG BROADCAST SERV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 16,445 16,445 10 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 31,895 31,895 12 MILSATCOM ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 11,265 11,265 13 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 709,981 709,981 14 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 994,555 994,555 15 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 138,397 138,397 17 NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 7,705 7,705 18 ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 47,609 47,609 19 SPACE FENCE ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 51,361 51,361 20 SPACE MODS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 148,065 148,065 21 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 117,637 117,637 SPARES 22 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 21,812 21,812 TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 2,527,542 2,527,542 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ROCKETS 1 ROCKETS ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 345,911 345,911 CARTRIDGES 2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 163,840 163,840 BOMBS 3 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 20,876 20,876 
4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 259,308 259,308 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3176 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
5 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 38,111 38,111 6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 234,198 234,198 7 B61 .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 109,292 109,292 8 B61 AP ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 52,731 52,731 OTHER ITEMS 9 CAD/PAD ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 51,455 51,455 10 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 6,038 6,038 11 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 524 524 12 MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 1,270 1,270 13 ITEMS LESS THAN $5,000,000 .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 4,604 4,604 FLARES 15 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 125,286 125,286 FUZES 16 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 109,358 109,358 SMALL ARMS 17 SMALL ARMS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 64,502 64,502 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 1,587,304 1,587,304 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 6,949 6,949 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 36,002 36,002 3 CAP VEHICLES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 1,022 1,022 4 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 42,696 49,879 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [7,183] SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 5 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 30,145 30,145 6 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 1,230 3,903 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [2,673] 7 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 43,003 53,693 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [10,690] FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 8 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 23,328 32,308 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [8,980] MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 9 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 11,537 31,309 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [19,772] BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 10 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV AND CLEANING EQU .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 37,600 40,353 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [2,753] 11 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
..................................... 104,923 104,923 COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 12 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 114,372 114,372 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 13 INTERNATIONAL INTEL TECH & ARCHITECTURES .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 8,290 8,290 14 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 2,099 2,099 15 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 37,415 37,415 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 16 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 57,937 57,937 18 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 3,012 3,012 19 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMEN .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 19,989 19,989 20 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 45,020 45,020 21 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 32,836 32,836 22 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 12,454 12,454 23 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 14,263 14,263 25 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 7,769 7,769 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 26 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 40,450 40,450 27 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 6,619 6,619 28 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 10,192 10,192 29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 159,313 161,315 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [2,002] 30 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 132,675 132,675 31 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 140,875 140,875 32 WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE (WAS) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 92,104 92,104 33 C3 COUNTERMEASURES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 45,152 45,152 34 GCSS-AF FOS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 483 483 35 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING & MGT SYS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 802 802 36 MAINTENANCE REPAIR & OVERHAUL INITIATIVE .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 12,207 12,207 37 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 7,644 7,644 38 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 40,066 40,066 AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 41 BASE INFORMATION TRANSPT INFRAST (BITI) WIRED ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 22,357 22,357 42 AFNET ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 102,836 102,836 43 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 3,145 3,145 44 USCENTCOM ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 13,194 13,194 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 45 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 161,231 161,231 47 RADIO EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 12,142 12,142 48 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 6,505 6,505 49 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 169,404 169,404 MODIFICATIONS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3177 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
50 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 10,654 10,654 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 51 PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 51,906 51,906 DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 52 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 88,298 88,298 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 53 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 17,031 17,031 54 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 82,635 82,635 55 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 9,549 9,549 56 BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 24,005 48,048 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ [24,043] SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 58 DARP RC135 .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 26,262 26,262 59 DCGS-AF ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 448,290 448,290 61 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 913,813 913,813 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 17,258,069 17,258,069 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 63 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 86,365 86,365 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 20,890,164 20,968,260 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 43 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 35,295 35,295 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 42 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 5,403 5,403 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 46 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 497 497 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 7 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 21,590 41,590 Sharkseer ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. [20,000] 8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 33,905 33,905 9 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 27,886 27,886 10 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 1,017 1,017 11 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 150,674 150,674 13 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 94,610 94,610 14 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 197,246 197,246 15 JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STACKS (JRSS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 140,338 140,338 16 JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 107,182 87,682 General reduction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. [–19,500] MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 18 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 5,225 5,225 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 21 MAJOR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 1,196 1,196 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 1 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 2,542 2,542 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 44 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 4,360 4,360 45 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS—CE2T2 .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 904 904 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 26 THAAD ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 874,068 874,068 27 GROUND BASED MIDCOURSE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 409,000 409,000 28 GROUND BASED MIDCOURSE AP ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 115,000 115,000 29 AEGIS BMD ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 593,488 593,488 30 AEGIS BMD AP ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 115,206 115,206 31 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 13,185 13,185 32 ISRAELI PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 80,000 80,000 33 SHORT RANGE BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE (SRBMD) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 50,000 50,000 34 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 15,000 15,000 35 IRON DOME ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 70,000 70,000 36 AEGIS BMD HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 97,057 97,057 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 3 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 10,630 10,630 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 23 VEHICLES .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 207 207 24 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 5,592 5,592 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 20 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 1,723 1,723 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 2 MAJOR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,873 3,873 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 19 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 13,106 13,106 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 589,691 589,691 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS AVIATION PROGRAMS 50 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 148,351 148,351 51 UNMANNED ISR ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 57,708 57,708 52 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 18,731 18,731 53 U–28 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 32,301 32,301 54 MH–47 CHINOOK ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 131,033 131,033 55 CV–22 MODIFICATION .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 32,529 32,529 56 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 24,621 24,621 57 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 226,965 226,965 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3178 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
58 AC/MC–130J .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 165,813 165,813 59 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 80,274 80,274 SHIPBUILDING 60 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 136,723 136,723 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 61 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 357,742 357,742 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 62 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 85,699 85,699 63 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 17,863 17,863 64 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 112,117 112,117 65 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 7,313 7,313 66 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 14,026 14,026 67 TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 88,608 88,608 68 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 438,590 438,590 69 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 19,408 19,408 70 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 6,281 6,281 71 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 18,509 18,509 73 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 367,433 367,433 CBDP 74 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 166,418 166,418 75 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 144,519 144,519 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...6,786,271 6,786,771 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 1 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 100,025 100,025 TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 100,025 100,025 TOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..............................130,526,043 131,998,763 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 3 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 60,000 60,000 ROTARY 11 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 21,246 21,246 14 CH–47 HELICOPTER ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 25,000 25,000 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 17 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 11,400 11,400 19 GRAY EAGLE MODS2 ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 32,000 32,000 20 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 51,000 51,000 32 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 50,868 50,868 33 UAS MODS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 3,402 3,402 GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 36 CMWS ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 84,387 84,387 37 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 24,060 24,060 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..363,363 363,363 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 2 MSE MISSILE .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 260,000 260,000 AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 5 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 255,040 255,040 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 8 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 31,120 31,120 11 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 624,500 624,500 13 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM (HIMARS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 171,138 171,138 14 LETHAL MINIATURE AERIAL MISSILE SYSTEM (LMAMS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 112,973 112,973 MODIFICATIONS 16 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 225,580 225,580 21 MLRS MODS ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 122,000 122,000 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....1,802,351 1,802,351 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 BRADLEY PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 205,000 205,000 2 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 230,359 230,359 MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 6 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 50,000 50,000 8 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 67,000 67,000 9 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 42,354 42,354 14 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 34,000 34,000 15 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 455,000 455,000 WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 18 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN (7.62MM) ............................................................................................ ...............................................................................................................................
..................................... 126 126 22 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 11,842 11,842 25 CARBINE ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 1,800 1,800 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3179 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
27 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 3,378 3,378 MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 32 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 4,920 4,920 34 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 7 7 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 39 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,397 1,397 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 1,107,183 1,107,183 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 3,392 3,392 2 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 40 40 3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 17 17 4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 189 189 5 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 1,605 1,605 7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 25,000 25,000 MORTAR AMMUNITION 9 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 218 218 10 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 484 484 ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 14 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 79,400 79,400 15 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 72,985 72,985 16 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 63,900 63,900 ROCKETS 18 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 22,242 22,242 19 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 39,974 39,974 OTHER AMMUNITION 21 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 5 5 22 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 8 8 MISCELLANEOUS 27 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 66 66 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 309,525 309,525 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 2 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 8,000 8,000 3 AMBULANCE, 4 LITTER, 5/4 TON, 4X4 ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 20,770 20,770 10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 115,400 115,400 12 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 6,682 6,682 13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 50,000 50,000 14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 186,377 186,377 COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 28 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 7,100 7,100 
COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 37 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 1,560 1,560 42 TRACTOR RIDE ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 13,190 13,190 45 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 9,549 9,549 47 COTS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 22,000 22,000 COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 50 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE (MIP) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 9,800 9,800 INFORMATION SECURITY 55 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 3 3 COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 59 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 690 690 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 60 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 8,750 8,750 63 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 60,337 60,337 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 68 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 37,806 37,806 70 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 6,926 6,926 71 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 2,011 2,011 75 BIOMETRIC TACTICAL COLLECTION DEVICES (MIP) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 5,370 5,370 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 80 CREW ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 42,651 42,651 81 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAP. (MIP) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 20,050 20,050 82 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 12,974 12,974 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 85 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 463 463 86 LONG RANGE ADVANCED SCOUT SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 2,861 2,861 87 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 60 60 88 RADIATION MONITORING SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 11 11 90 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 251,062 251,062 91 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 525 525 94 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 26,146 26,146 96 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 4,050 4,050 97 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 960 960 98 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 7,660 7,660 99 COUNTERFIRE RADARS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 165,200 165,200 ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 112 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 28,475 28,475 CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 121 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 27 27 122 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 20,200 20,200 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3180 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
123 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 39,200 39,200 124 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 2,317 2,317 ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 129 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 16,000 16,000 130 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMDS) .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 1 1 132 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 4,850 4,850 136 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 1 1 COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 139 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 270 270 141 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 4,300 4,300 142 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 1,725 1,725 144 FORCE PROVIDER ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 55,800 55,800 145 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 1,035 1,035 146 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 1,980 1,980 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 151 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 17,527 17,527 MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 268 268 CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 159 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 25,700 25,700 GENERATORS 165 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 569 569 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 174 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 9,495 9,495 OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 176 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 33 33 177 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 18,000 18,000 178 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 6,000 6,000 179 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 2,080 2,080 180 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 19,200 19,200 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......1,382,047 1,382,047 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER AIRCRAFT 25 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 35,065 35,065 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 32 SH–60 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 4,858 4,858 34 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 5,380 5,380 44 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 2,165 2,165 49 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 9,820 9,820 51 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 3,206 3,206 61 QRC .........................................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 2,410 2,410 63 RQ–21 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 17,215 17,215 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..80,119 80,119 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY STRATEGIC MISSILES 3 TOMAHAWK ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 82,800 Buy-back Tomahawk .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... [82,800] TACTICAL MISSILES 4 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 1,183 1,183 5 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 381 381 12 HELLFIRE .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 1,530 1,530 15 AERIAL TARGETS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 6,500 6,500 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 35 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,540 1,540 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 38 GUN MOUNT MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,000 3,000 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..14,134 96,934 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 62,530 62,530 2 JDAM ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 93,019 93,019 3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 2,163 2,163 4 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 5,000 5,000 6 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 5,334 5,334 7 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 36,580 36,580 8 JATOS ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 747 747 11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 2,538 2,538 13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,807 1,807 15 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 2,229 229 Excess balances ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. [–2,000] MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 19 MORTARS ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 2,018 2,018 21 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 632 632 22 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 779 779 26 COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 164 164 29 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 31,001 31,001 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 246,541 244,541 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3181 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
21 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 9,200 9,200 SMALL BOATS 28 STANDARD BOATS .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 19,060 19,060 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 43 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 56,950 56,950 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 77 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 3,200 3,200 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 82 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 2,000 2,000 SONOBUOYS 88 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 21,156 21,156 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 104 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 33,580 33,580 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 108 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 170 170 109 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 400 400 111 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 770 770 112 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 7,298 7,298 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 118 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 500 500 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 123 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 6,500 6,500 128 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 2,200 2,200 129 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 19,389 19,389 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 4,800 4,800 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........187,173 187,173 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 22 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 5,583 5,583 TACTICAL VEHICLES 37 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 44,440 44,440 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 45 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 8,000 8,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...58,023 58,023 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE OTHER AIRLIFT 6 HC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 100,000 100,000 OTHER AIRCRAFT 17 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 339,740 339,740 18 RQ–20B PUMA ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 13,500 13,500 STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 20 B–1B ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,000 4,000 22 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 149,778 149,778 TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 23 A–10 ........................................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 10,350 10,350 OTHER AIRCRAFT 45 U–2 MODS .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 7,900 7,900 54 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 36,400 36,400 59 E–8 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 13,000 13,000 63 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 40,560 40,560 65 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 87,900 87,900 66 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 53,731 53,731 68 MQ–9 UAS PAYLOADS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 16,000 16,000 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 70 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 91,500 91,500 COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 71 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 32,529 32,529 72 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 22,000 22,000 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 1,018,888 1,018,888 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL 2 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 61,600 84,400 Buy-back JASSM-ER .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... [22,800] 5 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 2,600 2,600 6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 255,000 255,000 7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 140,724 140,724 CLASS IV 13 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 33,602 33,602 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 493,526 516,326 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE CARTRIDGES 2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 29,587 29,587 BOMBS 4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 551,862 551,862 6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 738,451 738,451 FLARES 15 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 12,116 12,116 FUZES 16 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 81,000 81,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3182 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
SMALL ARMS 17 SMALL ARMS .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 8,500 8,500 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 1,421,516 1,421,516 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 9,680 9,680 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 9,680 9,680 4 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 19,680 19,680 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 6 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 24,880 24,880 7 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 34,680 34,680 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 8 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 9,736 9,736 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 9 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 24,680 24,680 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 10 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV AND CLEANING EQU .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 9,680 9,680 11 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................................... 9,680 9,680 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 15 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 6,156 6,156 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 16 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................... 56,884 56,884 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 46,236 46,236 37 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................................... 2,500 2,500 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 45 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 27,911 27,911 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 51 PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 13,600 13,600 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 53 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 28,800 28,800 54 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 53,500 53,500 55 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 78,562 78,562 56 BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 28,055 28,055 SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 59 DCGS-AF ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 2,000 2,000 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 3,229,364 3,229,364 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 3,725,944 3,725,944 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 3,800 3,800 17 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS NETWORK ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 12,000 12,000 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 25 COUNTER IED & IMPROVISED THREAT TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 5,534 5,534 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 41,559 41,559 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS AVIATION PROGRAMS 47 MANNED ISR .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 5,000 5,000 48 MC–12 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 5,000 5,000 49 MH–60 BLACKHAWK ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 27,600 27,600 51 UNMANNED ISR ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 17,000 17,000 52 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 13,000 13,000 53 U–28 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 51,722 51,722 54 MH–47 CHINOOK ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 36,500 36,500 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 61 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 100,850 100,850 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 62 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 16,500 16,500 64 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 7,700 7,700 67 TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 59,891 59,891 68 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 21,135 21,135 69 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 10,000 10,000 71 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 10,805 10,805 73 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 126,539 126,539 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...572,135 572,135 TOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..............................12,782,468 12,886,068 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 11 ,585 11,585 2 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 276,912 289,412 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3183 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Basic research increase ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. [7,500] Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... [5,0 00] 3 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 65,283 65,283 4 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS ............................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 9 2,115 97,115 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... [5,00 0] SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 445,895 463,395 APPLIED RESEARCH 5 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 28,600 28,600 6 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 32,366 37,366 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... [5,000] 7 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 8,674 8,674 8 0602126A TRACTOR JACK ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 400 400 9 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 64,847 59,847 Mission systems / engine and drives coordination ............................................................................... ................................................................................................................ [–5,000] 10 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 25,571 25,571 11 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 50,183 50,183 12 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 29,502 29,502 13 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 28,500 38,500 Pilot for cyber modeling and simulation ........................................................................................ ....................................................................................................................... [10,000]  14 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 7 0,450 70,450 15 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 75,541 75,541 16 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 5,032 5,03 2 17 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 12,394 12,394 18 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 40,444 42,944 Advanced warheads technology ................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... [2,50 0] 19 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 58,283 58,283 20 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 29,582 29,582 21 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 21,244 21,244 22 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 24,131 26,631 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [2,500] 23 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 13,242 13,242 24 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 55,003  50,003 General Program Reduction ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. [ –5,000] 25 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 14,958 14,958 26 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... .......... 78,159 78,159 27 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... 21,862 21,862 28 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 40,566 40,566 29 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 90,075 90,075 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 919,609 929,609 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 30 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 39,338 39,338 31 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........... 62,496 62,496 32 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 124,958 119,958 Platform design and structures systems ......................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... [–5,000] 33 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 102, 686 122,686 Accelerate ERCA gun ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... [20,000] 34 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. .................................................................................................................... 119,739 192 ,239 Modular scalable powertrain .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. [ 2,500] Prototype Next Generation Combat Vehicle ....................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... [70,000] 35 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 13,000 13,000 36 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... ................................................................................................................. 8,044 8,044 37 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 22,631 22,631 38 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 25, 682 25,682 40 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 3,762 3, 762 41 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 4,896 4,896 42 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 6,041 6,041 43 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 31,491 31,491 44 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 61,132 61,132 45 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 16,845 16,845 46 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 183,322 188 ,322 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... [5,000] 47 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 11,104 11,1 04 48 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 5,885 5,885 49 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 61,376 61,376 50 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 9,136 9, 136 51 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 25,864 38,864 Minor MILCON ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... [8,000] Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... [5,000] 52 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ........................................................... ............................................................................................................. 34,883 37,383 PNT research ................................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
......... [2,500] 53 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............... 52,387 47,387 General program decrease ....................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. [ –5,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 1,026,698 1,129,698 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 54 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 10,777 10,777 56 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 42,802 42,802 57 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 45,254 45,254 58 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV .................................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 22,700 2 2,700 59 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 41,974 55,974 Army UPL: Test and evaluation of M999 155mm .................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. [14,000] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3184 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
60 0603645A ARMORED SYSTEM MODERNIZATION—ADV DEV ............................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 19,395 119,395 61 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 8,746 8,746 62 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV .................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 35,667 4 3,667 ISR capabilities to support long range field artillery ......................................................................... ................................................................................................................... [8,000] 63 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 7 ,350 7,350 64 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 14, 749 14,749 65 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 3,687 3,687 66 0603801A AVIATION—ADV DEV ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 10,793 10,793 67 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ........................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 4,248 14,248 68 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............. 34,284 34,284 69 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 8,044 18,044 70 0604017A ROBOTICS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 95,660 95,660 71 0604020A CROSS FUNCTIONAL TEAM (CFT) ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPING ..................................................... .......................................................................................................... 38,000 38,000 72 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 9,765 9,765 73 0604113A FUTURE TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (FTUAS) ................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 12,393  12,393 74 0604114A LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMD) SENSOR ...................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 20,374 120,374 75 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 95,347 95,347 76 0604117A MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) ........................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 95,085 95,085 77 0604118A TRACTOR BEAM ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 52,894 52,894 79 0604121A SYNTHETIC TRAINING ENVIRONMENT REFINEMENT & PROTOTYPING ............................................................ .................................................................................................................. 77,939 77,939  80 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) .................................................. ............................................................................................................... 51,030 81,030 Accelerate delivery and capacity for IFPC ...................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... [30,000]  81 0305251A CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT ..................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 65,817 7 0,817 Army Cyber Center of Excellence ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ [5, 000] 82 1206120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 46,300 146,300 83 1206308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 38,319 38,319 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 1,329,393 1,386,393 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 84 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 32,293 32,293 85 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 78,699 78,699 88 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 17,050 17,050 89 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 83,155 83,155 90 0604604A MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,704 3,704 91 0604611A JAVELIN ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 10,623 10,623 92 0604622A FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 11,950 11,950 
93 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 12,347 12,347 95 0604642A LIGHT TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLES .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 8,212 8,212 96 0604645A ARMORED SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION (ASM)—ENG DEV ........................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 393,613  318,613 Mobile Protected Firepower decrease ............................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... [–75,0 00] 97 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 139,614 139,614 98 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 4,507 4,507 99 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 49,436 49,436 100 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ............................................................. ................................................................................................................. 95,172 95,172 101 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 22 ,628 22,628 102 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 13,297 13,297 103 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 9,14 5 9,145 104 0604768A BRILLIANT ANTI-ARMOR SUBMUNITION (BAT) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....... 9,894 9,894 105 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 21,964 21,964 106 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 49,288 49,288 107 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 183,100 183,100 108 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV .......................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 7 9,706 79,706 109 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV .................................................................. ................................................................................................................... 15,970 15,97 0 110 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ..................................................... ........................................................................................................... 44,542 44,542 111 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 50,817 50,817 112 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ............................................................... ................................................................................................................ 178,693 178,693  113 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 39,338 39,338 114 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 37,8 51 37,851 115 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 45,473 45,473 116 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 10,395 10,395 117 0604852A SUITE OF SURVIVABILITY ENHANCEMENT SYSTEMS—EMD .................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 69,204  78,204 Suite of Vehicle Protection Systems ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... [9,0 00] 118 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................ 1,781 1,781 119 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 113,758 113,758 120 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 166,60 3 166,603 121 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 118,239 118,239 122 0605029A INTEGRATED GROUND SECURITY SURVEILLANCE RESPONSE CAPABILITY (IGSSR-C) ............................................. ........................................................................................................ 3,211 3,211 123 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 15,889 15,889 124 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 41,972 41,972 125 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 41,166 41,166 126 0605033A GROUND-BASED OPERATIONAL SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—EXPEDITIONARY (GBOSS-E) .............................................. .................................................................................................... 5,175 5,175 
127 0605034A TACTICAL SECURITY SYSTEM (TSS) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 4,496 4,496 128 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ........................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 5 1,178 51,178 129 0605036A COMBATING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD) ...................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 11,31 1 11,311 131 0605038A NUCLEAR BIOLOGICAL CHEMICAL RECONNAISSANCE VEHICLE (NBCRV) SENSOR SUITE ........................................... .................................................................................................... 17,154 17,154 132 0605041A DEFENSIVE CYBER TOOL DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 36,626 36,626 133 0605042A TACTICAL NETWORK RADIO SYSTEMS (LOW-TIER) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 3,829 3,829 134 0605047A CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 41,928 0 Duplication concern in contract writing systems ................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. [–41,928] 135 0605049A MISSILE WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION (MWSM) ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 28 ,276 28,276 136 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 21,965 21,965 137 0605052A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2—BLOCK 1 ................................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 157, 710 157,710 138 0605053A GROUND ROBOTICS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 86,167 86,167 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3185 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
139 0605054A EMERGING TECHNOLOGY INITIATIVES ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 42,866 42,866 140 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........ 15,984 15,984 141 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............ 11,773 11,773 142 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 27 7,607 277,607 143 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 12,340 12,340 144 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT PH .................................. ................................................................................................ 2,686 2,686 145 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 2,706 2,706 147 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 4,521 4,521 150 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 8,922 8,922 151 1205117A TRACTOR BEARS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 23,170 23,170 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 3,192,689 3,084,761 RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 152 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 12,835 12,835 153 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............. 12,135 12,135 154 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 82,996 107,996 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... [25,000] 155 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 19,821 19,821 156 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 246,574 246,574 157 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 30,430 30,430 159 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 305,759 320,759 Increase to help manage directed energy workloads .............................................................................. .............................................................................................................. [15,000] 160 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 62,37 9 62,379 161 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............. 40,496 40,496 162 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 3,941 3,941 163 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 9,767 9,767 164 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 21,226 21,226 165 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 13,026 13,026 166 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 52,718 52,718 167 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 57,049 57,049 168 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 2,801 2,801 169 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 60,942 60,942 170 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. 29,050 29,050 171 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ............................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 42,332  42,332 172 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT ..................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 3,216 3,216 173 0605898A ARMY DIRECT REPORT HEADQUARTERS—R&D - MHA ......................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 54,14
5 54,145 174 0606001A MILITARY GROUND-BASED CREW TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. 4,896 4,896 175 0606002A RONALD REAGAN BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST SITE ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 63, 011 63,011 176 0606003A COUNTERINTEL AND HUMAN INTEL MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 2 ,636 2,636 177 0606942A ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 88,300  88,300 SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................... 1,322,481 1,362,481 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 5,955 5,955 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 181 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 8,886 8,886 182 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 4,067 4,067 183 0605024A ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 4,254 4,254 184 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 16,022 16,022  185 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 4,577 4,577 186 0607134A LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES (LRPF) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 186,475 186,475 187 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 31,049 31,049 188 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................. .............................................................................................................................. 3 5,240 35,240 189 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 157,822 157,822 190 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 4,189 4,189 191 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 192,637 192,637 194 0607142A AVIATION ROCKET SYSTEM PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT AND DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ ............................................................................................................. 60,860 60,860 195 0607143A UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM UNIVERSAL PRODUCTS ....................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 52,0 19 52,019 196 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 2,400 2,400 197 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 65,369 65,369 198 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. 1 1 199 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) ....................................................... ................................................................................................................ 30,954 30,954 200 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 411,927 411,927 202 0203743A 155MM SELF-PROPELLED HOWITZER IMPROVEMENTS ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 40, 676 40,676 203 0203744A AIRCRAFT MODIFICATIONS/PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ............................................................... .................................................................................................................... 17,706 17,7 06 204 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 146 146  205 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 6,316 6,316 206 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 1,643 1,643 207 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 4,9 47 4,947 208 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 34,050 34,050 210 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 1,464 1,464 211 0205412A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ........................................................... .............................................................................................................. 249 249 212 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 79
,283 79,283 213 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 15 4,102 154,102 216 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 12,280 12,280 217 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 68,533 68,533 218 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 68,619 68,619 220 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .......................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 2,034  2,034 223 0305172A COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,500 1,500 224 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 450 450 225 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 6,000 6,000 226 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 12,416 12,416 227 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 38, 667 38,667 229 0305232A RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 6,180 6,180 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3186 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
230 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 12,863 12,863 231 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 4,310 4,310 233 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 53,958 53,958 234 1203142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 12,119 12,119 235 1208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 7,400 7,400 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 1,922,614 1,922,614 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 10,159,379 10,278,951 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 119,433 124,433 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... [5,00 0] 2 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 19 ,237 19,237 3 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 458,708 468,708 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... [5,00 0] Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... [5,0 00] SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 597,378 612,378 APPLIED RESEARCH 4 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 14,643 17,143 Directed energy ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........ [2,500] 5 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 124,049 124,049 6 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 59,607 59,607 7 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 36,348 36,348 8 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... 56,197 48,697 ONR global growth .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... [–7,500] 9 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 83 ,800 83,800 10 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 42,998  42,998 11 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 6,349 6,349 12 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 58,049 78,049 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [20,000] 13 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 147,771 147,771 14 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 37,545  37,545 15 0602792N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 159,6 97 164,697 Directed energy and electronic warfare/unmanned and autonomous systems ......................................................... ........................................................................................... [5,000] 16 0602861N SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT—ONR FIELD ACITIVITIES ............................................................ ................................................................................................................ 64,418 64,418 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 891,471 911,471 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 19 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 2,423 2,423 21 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ....................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 150,24 5 140,245 Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... [–10,000] 22 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 13,313 1 3,313 23 0603671N NAVY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT (ATD) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 131 ,502 131,502 24 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... ............................................................................................................... 232,996 232,996 25 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 58,657 58,657 30 0603801N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................. ........................................................................................................ 161,859 166,359 DE & EW/unmanned and autonomous systems ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................. [4,500] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 750,995 745,495 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 31 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 29,747 29,747 32 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 7,050 7,050 33 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 793 793 34 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 7,058 7,058 35 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 3,540 3,540 36 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. 59,741 62,241 Locust/HCUS/INP Transition ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [2,500] 37 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 62,727 36, 727 Barracuda EDMs ahead of PDR and CDR ............................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. [–26,000] 38 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 8,570 8,570 39 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........... 5,440 5,440 40 0603525N PILOT FISH ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 162,222 162,222 41 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 11,745 11,745 42 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 114,265 114,265 43 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 740 740 44 0603553N SURFACE ASW ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 1,122 1,122 45 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... 109,086 112,586 Advanced submarine propulsion development ...................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. [3,500] 46 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 9,374 9,374 47 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 89,419 107,419 CHAMP acceleration ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... [18,000] 48 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 13,348 13,348 49 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 256,137 256,137 50 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 22,109 22,109 51 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ........................................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ............................ 29,744 29,744 52 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 27,997 27,997 53 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 16,351 16,351 54 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 514,846 514,846 55 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 103,633 133,033 Project 2552: Align with deferred LCS–6 SSMM test .............................................................................. .............................................................................................................. [–5,000] Transfer from PE 64028N ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [16,700] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3187 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Transfer from PE 64126N ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [10,100] Transfer from PE 64127N ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [7,600] 56 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND ANALYSIS ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............. 7,931 7,931 57 0603599N FRIGATE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 134,772 134,772 58 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 9,307 9,307 60 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM .......................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 1,82 8 1,828 61 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 43, 148 43,148 62 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 5, 915 5,915 63 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 19,811 19,811 64 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 25,656 25,656 65 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 5,301 5,301 66 0603734N CHALK CORAL ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 267,985 267,985 67 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 4,059 4,059 68 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 377,878 377,878 69 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 381,770 381,770 70 0603751N RETRACT ELM ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 60,535 60,535 73 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 9,652 9,652 74 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 15,529 0 Program delay and no GLGP EMD FYDP funding ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. [–15,529] 75 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 27,581 27,581 76 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ............................................................... .................................................................................................................. 101,566 101,5 66 77 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ........................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 223, 344 223,344 78 0604014N F/A –18 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK (IRST) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 108,700 132,700 IRST block II risk reduction ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [24,000] 79 0604027N DIGITAL WARFARE OFFICE ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 26,691 26,691 80 0604028N SMALL AND MEDIUM UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES ........................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 16,717  0 Transfer to PE 63596N .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [–16,717] 81 0604029N UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLE CORE TECHNOLOGIES ........................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 30,18 7 30,187 82 0604030N RAPID PROTOTYPING, EXPERIMENTATION AND DEMONSTRATION. .............................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 48,796 48, 796 83 0604031N LARGE UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 92,613 71,413 Early to need .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... [–21,200] 84 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) .......................................................... ............................................................................................................... 58,121 58,121 86 0604126N LITTORAL AIRBORNE MCM .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 17,622 7,522 Transfer to PE 63596N .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [–10,100] 87 0604127N SURFACE MINE COUNTERMEASURES .......................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ......... 18,154 10,554 Transfer to PE 63596N .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [–7,600] 88 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................... 47,278 47,278 90 0604289M NEXT GENERATION LOGISTICS .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 11,081 11,081 92 0604320M RAPID TECHNOLOGY CAPABILITY PROTOTYPE .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 7,107 7,107 93 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 5,549 5,549 94 0604536N ADVANCED UNDERSEA PROTOTYPING ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 87,669 87,669 95 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ....................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 132,8 18 132,818 96 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT ................................................ ..................................................................................................... 7,230 7,230 97 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 143,062 14 3,062 99 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........ 8,889 8,889 100 0304240M ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 25 ,291 25,291 101 0304240N ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 9, 300 9,300 102 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 466 466 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 4,293,713 4,273,967 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 103 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 12,798 12,798 104 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 32,128 32,128 105 0604214M AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 46,363 30,163 Lacks operational justification/need ........................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... [–16 ,200] 107 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 3,771 3,771 108 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 16, 611 16,611 109 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 17,368 17,368 110 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 2,134 2,134 111 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 9,729 9,729 112 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 57,688 57,688 113 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 223,565 223,565 114 0604245M H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 58,097 58,097 116 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 42,485 42,485 117 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 143,079 143,079 118 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 20,980 30,980 Increase to advance aircrew physiological monitoring ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................... [10,000] 119 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 147,419 242,719 UPL—EA–18G Advanced Modes / Cognitive EW ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ [95,300] 120 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 89,824 121,424 UPL—EA–18G Offensive Airborne Electronic Attack Special Mission Pod ............................................................ ............................................................................................... [31,600] 
121 0604273M EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 245,064 245,064 123 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 459,529 459,529 124 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 3,272 3,272 125 0604282N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 115,253 115,253 126 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ....................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 397, 403 397,403 127 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 939 50,939 Mk 41 VLS integration .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [50,000] 128 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 104,448 104,448 129 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 165,881 184,881 Navy UPL: SM–6 Blk 1B 21″ rocket motor ................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... [19,000] 130 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 10,831 10,831 131 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ..................................................... ........................................................................................................... 33,429 33,429 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3188 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
132 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 35,635 35,635 133 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 126,932 126,932 134 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 62,448 62,448 135 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 9,710 9,710 136 0604518N COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER CONVERSION .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 19,303 19,303 137 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 27,059 27,059 138 0604530N ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 184,106 184,106 139 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 148,233 148,233 140 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 60,824 60,824 141 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 60,062 66,062 Planning to support FY21 award of LHA–9 ........................................................................................ ................................................................................................................... [6,000] 142 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 4,642 4,642 144 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 25,756 25,756 145 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 95,147 95,147 146 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 7, 107 7,107 147 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS ................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 6,539 6,539 148 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 441 441 149 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 180,391 180,391 150 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 178,538 178,538 151 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 120,507 120,507 152 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 29,715 29,715 153 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 8,095 8,095 154 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 121,026 121,026 155 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 66,566 66,566 156 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 65,494 65,494 159 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 14,005 14,005 160 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 268,567 178,467 Duplication concern in contract writing systems ................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. [–26,300] Lengthy delivery timelines for Navy Personnel and Pay System ................................................................... ........................................................................................................ [–63,800] 161 0605024N ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 5,618 5,618 162 0605212M CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 326,945 326,945 164 0605215N MISSION PLANNING .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 32,714 32,714 165 0605217N COMMON AVIONICS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 51,486 51,486 166 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 1,444 1,444 167 0605327N T-AO 205 CLASS .................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
........................... 1,298 1,298 168 0605414N UNMANNED CARRIER AVIATION (UCA) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 718,942 718,942 169 0605450M JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............ 6,759 6,759 171 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 37,296 37,296 172 0605504N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME (MMA) INCREMENT III ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... 160,389 160,389 173 0605611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION .................................................. ....................................................................................................... 98,223 98,223 174 0605813M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................ ......................................................................................................... 2,260 2,260 175 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 161,264 161,264 180 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 44,098 44,098 182 0306250M CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 6,808 6,808 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 6,042,480 6,148,080 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 183 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 94,576 94,576 184 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............. 10,981 10,981 185 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 77,014 77,014 186 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 48 4 8 187 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 3,942 3,942 188 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 48,797 48,797 189 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 5,000 5,000 191 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 1,029 1,029 192 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 87, 565 78,565 Insufficient budget justification .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... [–9,000] 193 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 4,231 4,231 194 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ........................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 ,072 1,072 195 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 97,471 97,471 196 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 373,834 373,834 197 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 21,554 21,554 198 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 16,227  16,227 200 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 24,303 24,303 201 0605898N MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 43,262 43,262 202 0606355N WARFARE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 41,918 41,918 203 0606942M ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 7,000 7,000 204 0606942N ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 48,800  48,800 205 0305327N INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 1,682 1,682 206 0902498N MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (DEPARTMENTAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES) ......................................................... ................................................................................................................ 1,579 1,579 208 1206867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ........................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
. 8,684 8,684 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 1,020,569 1,011,569 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 1,549,503 1,549,503 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 210 0604227N HARPOON MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 5,426 5,426 211 0604840M F–35 C2D2 ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 259,122 259,122 212 0604840N F–35 C2D2 ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 252,360 252,360 213 0607658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 130,515 130,515 214 0607700N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 3,127 3,127 215 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 157,679 157,679 216 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 43,198 43,198 217 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 11,311 11,311 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3189 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
218 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 39,313 39,313 219 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 193,086 193,086 220 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 25,014 25,014 221 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 11,661 11,661 222 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) .............................................................. ................................................................................................................... 282,395 291, 095 Restore MST to maintain 2020 IOC ............................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ [8,700]  223 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 36,959 71,959 Additional TRAPS units ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [35,000] 224 0204313N SHIP-TOWED ARRAY SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 15,454 15,454 225 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ............................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 6,073 6,0 73 226 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 45,029 45,029 227 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 104,903 104,903 228 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............... 4,544 4,544 229 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 66,889 66,889 230 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 120,762 21,522 Cancel ER program .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... [–99,240] 231 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 104,696 116,696 UPL—Tactical Targeting Network Technology acceleration ......................................................................... .......................................................................................................... [12,000] 232 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 28,421 28,421 233 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 94,155 94,155 234 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 121,805 136,805 UPL—F/A–18 E/F Super Hornet Engine Enhancements ................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ [15,000] 235 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 117,028 117,028 236 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 174,779 174,779 237 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 4,826 4,826  238 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ................................................................ ................................................................................................................... 97,152 97,15 2 239 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 30,156 30,156 240 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 39,976 39,976 241 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 22,637 0 Lacks operational justification/need ........................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... [–22 ,637] 242 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 40,121 40,121 243 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 32,473  32,473 249 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) ........................................................... ................................................................................................................... 23,697 23,69 7 250 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 44,228 44,228 252 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES ....................................................................
............................................................................................................................... .. 6,081 6,081 253 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 8,529 8,529 254 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 41,212 41,212 255 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 7,6 87 7,687 256 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 42, 846 42,846 257 0305220N MQ–4C TRITON ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 14,395 14,395 258 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 9,843 9,843 259 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 524 524 260 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 5,360 5,360 261 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 10,914 10,914 262 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 81,231 81,231 263 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ...................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 5 ,956 5,956 264 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 219,894 219,894 265 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 7,097 7,097 266 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 36,560 36,560 267 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 7,284 7,284 268 1203109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 39,174 39,174 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 4,885,060 4,833,883 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 18,481,666 18,536,843 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 348,322 358,322 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... [5,00 0] Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... [5,0 00] 2 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 154,991 154,991 3 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 14,506 17,006 Directed energy research ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [2,500] SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 517,819 530,319 APPLIED RESEARCH 4 0602102F MATERIALS ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 125,373 129,373 Advanced materials analysis .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. [4 ,000] 5 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 130,547 135,547 High speed systems technology (hypersonic vehicle structures) .................................................................. ........................................................................................................ [5,000] 6 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 112,518 112,518 7 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 190,919 213,419 Affordable Responsive Modular Rocket ...........................................................................................
....................................................................................................................... [15,000]  Multi-mode propulsion .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [3,000] Solid rocket motor produce on-demand ........................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... [2,000] Turbine engine technology ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [2,500] 8 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 166,534 159,034 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–7,500] 9 0602298F SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT— MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES .................................................... ................................................................................................... 8,288 8,288 11 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 112,841 112,841 12 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 141,898 145,898 Skywave technologies laboratory ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ [4, 000] 13 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 16 2,420 162,420 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3190 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
14 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 43,359 55,859 Directed energy research ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [2,500] High powered microwave ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [10,000] 15 1206601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 117,645 123,645 Wargaming and simulator lab .................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... [6,0 00] SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 1,312,342 1,358,842 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 16 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . 34,426 31,926 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–5,000] Materials affordability ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... [2,500] 17 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 15,150 16,150 Prevention/enhanced maintainability technologies ............................................................................... ................................................................................................................. [1,000] 18 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 39,968 39,968 19 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 121,002 131,002 Design/Manufacture aircraft aft body drag reduction devices .................................................................... ......................................................................................................... [10,000] 20 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 115, 462 139,462 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [9,000] Multi-mode propulsion .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... [5,000] Technology for the Sustainment of Strategic Systems ............................................................................ .............................................................................................................. [10,000] 21 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 55,319 60,319 RF/EO/IR warning and countermeasures ........................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... [5,000] 22 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 54,895 54,895 23 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 10,674 10,674 24 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 36,463 36,463 25 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 194,981 194,981 26 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 43,368 53,368 Demonstrator laser weapon system ............................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ [10,000 ] 27 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 42,025 42,025 28 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 51,064 51,064 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 814,797 862,297 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 30 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 5,568 5,568 32 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 18,194 18,194 33 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 2,305 2,305 35 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 41,856 41,856 37 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE—BOMBER ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 2,314,196 2,314,196 38 0604201F INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................
............................................................................................................................ 14, 894 14,894 39 0604257F ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY AND SENSORS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 34,585 34,585 40 0604288F NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPS CENTER (NAOC) RECAP .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 9,740 9,740 41 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 12,960 12,960 42 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ....................................................... ........................................................................................................... 71,501 71,501 43 0604414F CYBER RESILIENCY OF WEAPON SYSTEMS-ACS ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. 62,618 62,618 46 0604776F DEPLOYMENT & DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 28,350 38,350 Tanker prototype ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... [10,000] 48 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 1,186,075 1,408,875 Acceleration of Hypersonic Conventional Strike Weapon .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................. [100,000] Low cost attritable aircraft prototype ......................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... [80, 000] Rapid Sustainment Initiative ................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. [ 42,800] 49 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 345,041 414,441 UPL program acceleration ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [69,400] 50 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 503,997 503,997 51 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 40, 326 40,326 52 0208099F UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP) .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 29,800 29,800 54 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 41,880 41,880 55 0305601F MISSION PARTNER ENVIRONMENTS ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 10,074 10,074 56 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 2 53,825 253,825 57 0306415F ENABLED CYBER ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 16,325 16,325 59 0901410F CONTRACTING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 17 ,577 0 Duplication concern ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... [–17,577] 60 1203164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ......................................................... .................................................................................................................. 286,629 286,6 29 61 1203710F EO/IR WEATHER SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 7,940 7,940 62 1206422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 138,052 138,052 63 1206425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 39,338 39,338 64 1206434F MIDTERM POLAR MILSATCOM SYSTEM ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 383,113 383,113 65 1206438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 91,018 91,018 66 1206730F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 45,542 45,542 67 1206760F PROTECTED TACTICAL ENTERPRISE SERVICE (PTES) ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 51,419 51,419 68 1206761F PROTECTED TACTICAL SERVICE (PTS) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 29,776 29,776 69 1206855F PROTECTED SATCOM SERVICES (PSCS)—AGGREGATED ........................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 29,379  29,379 70 1206857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 366,050 316,050 Space RCO Solar Power Project—Early to need .................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ [–50,000] 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 6,529,943 6,764,566 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 71 0604200F FUTURE ADVANCED WEAPON ANALYSIS & PROGRAMS ......................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 39,60 2 39,602 72 0604201F INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 58, 531 58,531 73 0604222F NUCLEAR WEAPONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 4,468 4,468 74 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 1,909 1,909 75 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 207,746 257,746 Increase to accelerate 21st Century Battle Management Command and Control ...................................................... ......................................................................................... [50,000] 76 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 14,421 14,421 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3191 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
77 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 73,158 73,158 81 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 7,153 7,153 83 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 58,590 58,590 84 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 2,990 2,990 85 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 20,028 20,028 86 0604618F JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 15,787 15,787 87 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 8,919 8,919 88 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 35,895 35,895 89 0604800F F–35—EMD ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 69,001 69,001 90 0307581F JSTARS RECAP ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 0 50,000 Continue JSTARS recap GMTI radar development ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... [50,000] 91 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 614,920 699,920 UPL Program acceleration ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [85,000] 92 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 172,902 172,902 97 0605221F KC–46 .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 88,170 88,170 98 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 265,465 265,465 99 0605229F COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 457,652 457,652 105 0605830F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL BATTLE MGMT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 3,617 3,617 106 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 261,758 261,758 107 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 91,907 91,907 108 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 137,095 137,095 109 0207328F STAND IN ATTACK WEAPON ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 43,175 43,175 110 0207423F ADVANCED COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 14,888 14,888 111 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 1,015 1,015 116 0401310F C–32 EXECUTIVE TRANSPORT RECAPITALIZATION ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 7,943 7,943 117 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT RECAPITALIZATION (PAR) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 673,032 673,032 118 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 13,653 13,653 119 1203176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 939 939 120 1203269F GPS IIIC .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................... 451,889 451,889 121 1203940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 46,668 46,668 122 1206421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 20,676 20,676 123 1206425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 134,463 134,463 124 1206426F SPACE FENCE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 20,215 20,215 125 1206431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 151,506 151,506 
126 1206432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................. 27,337 27,337 127 1206433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 3,970 3,970 128 1206441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ...................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 6 0,565 60,565 129 1206442F EVOLVED SBIRS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 643,126 743,126 Accelerate sensor development .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ [10 0,000] 130 1206853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD ............................................................. ............................................................................................................... 245,447 245,447 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 5,272,191 5,557,191 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 131 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 34,256 34,256 132 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 91,844 106,844 Test infrastructure improvements ............................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... [15, 000] 133 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 34,614 34,614 135 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 18,043 18,043 136 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 692,784 692,784 137 0605826F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL POWER ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 233,924 233,924 138 0605827F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL VIG & COMBAT SYS ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 263,488 263,488 139 0605828F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL REACH ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 153,591 153,591 140 0605829F ACQ WORKFORCE- CYBER, NETWORK, & BUS SYS .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 232,315 232,315 141 0605830F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL BATTLE MGMT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 169,868 169,868 142 0605831F ACQ WORKFORCE- CAPABILITY INTEGRATION ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 226,219 226,219 143 0605832F ACQ WORKFORCE- ADVANCED PRGM TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 38 ,400 38,400 144 0605833F ACQ WORKFORCE- NUCLEAR SYSTEMS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 125,761 125,761 147 0605898F MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 10,642 10,642 148 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT .............................................. ...................................................................................................... 162,216 162,216 149 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 28,888 28,888 150 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 35,285 35,285 153 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 20,545 20,545 154 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 12,367 12,367 155 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 1,448 1,448 157 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 3,998 3,998 158 1206116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 23,254 23,254 159 1206392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 169,9 12 169,912 160 1206398F SPACE & MISSILE SYSTEMS CENTER—MHA ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .... 10,508 10,508 161 1206860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .. 19,721 19,721 162 1206864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
................. 25,620 25,620 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 2,839,511 2,854,511 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 16,534,124 16,534,124 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 165 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 11,344 11,344 167 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 47, 287 13,141 Poor agile development implementation and lenghty delivery timeline ............................................................ ................................................................................................... [–34,146] 168 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 32,770 32,770 169 0605117F FOREIGN MATERIEL ACQUISITION AND EXPLOITATION ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 68,368 68,368 170 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 32,574 32,574 171 0606018F NC3 INTEGRATION ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 26,112 26,112 172 0606942F ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 99,100  99,100 173 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 280,414 295,214 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3192 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Air Force requested realignment ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ [14 ,800] 174 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... 5,955 5,955 175 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 76,030 76,030 176 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 105,561 105,561 177 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 156,047 156,047 179 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 10,442 10,442 180 0101324F INTEGRATED STRATEGIC PLANNING & ANALYSIS NETWORK .................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 22,83 3 22,833 181 0101328F ICBM REENTRY VEHICLES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 18,412 18,412 183 0102110F UH–1N REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 288,022 288,022 184 0102326F REGION/SECTOR OPERATION CONTROL CENTER MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ...................................................... ........................................................................................................... 9,252 9,252 186 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 115,345 115,345 188 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 26,738 26,738 189 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 191,564 191,564 190 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 192,883 192,883 191 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 15,238 15,238 192 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 603,553 603,553 193 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 549,501 549,501 194 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 37,230 37,230 195 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 61,393  61,393 196 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 647 647 198 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 14,891 14,891 199 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 13,901 13,901 200 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ..................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 121,203  121,203 202 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 60,062 60,062 203 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 106,102 106,102 204 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....... 6,413 6,413 205 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 120 ,664 130,664 Increase to accelerate 21st Century Battle Management Command and Control ...................................................... ......................................................................................... [10,000] 206 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 2,659 2,659 208 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 10,316 10,316 209 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 6,149 6,149 210 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 1,738 1,738 211 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 13,297 13,297 212 0207573F NATIONAL TECHNICAL NUCLEAR FORENSICS .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 1,788 1,788 213 0207581F JOINT SURVEILLANCE/TARGET ATTACK RADAR SYSTEM (JSTARS) ............................................................
....................................................................................................................... 14,888 1 4,888 214 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 24,699 24,699 215 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 17,078 17,078 216 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 6,141 6,141 218 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......... 4,225 4,225 219 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 63,653 63,653 220 0208007F TACTICAL DECEPTION ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 6,949 6,949 221 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........ 40,526 40,526 222 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....... 24,166 24,166 223 0208097F JOINT CYBER COMMAND AND CONTROL (JCC2) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 13,000 13,000 224 0208099F UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP) ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 28,759 28,759 229 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 3,579 3,579 230 0301112F NUCLEAR PLANNING AND EXECUTION SYSTEM (NPES) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 29 ,620 29,620 237 0301401F AIR FORCE SPACE AND CYBER NON-TRADITIONAL ISR FOR BATTLESPACE AWARENESS ........................................... .................................................................................................... 6,633 6,633 238 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 57,7 58 57,758 240 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................ 99,088 99,088 241 0303133F HIGH FREQUENCY RADIO SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 51,612 51,612 242 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 34,612 34,612 244 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 2,170 2,170 246 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 106,873 106,873 247 0304310F COMMERCIAL ECONOMIC ANALYSIS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 3,472 3,472 250 0305015F C2 AIR OPERATIONS SUITE—C2 INFO SERVICES .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 8,608 8,608 251 0305020F CCMD INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 1,586 1,586 252 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 4,492 4,492 254 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 26,942 26,942 255 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ........................................................ ................................................................................................................... 6,271 6,271 256 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 8,383 8,383 259 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 418 418 261 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 3,845 3,845 268 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 48,518 48,518 270 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 175,334 175,334 271 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 14,223 14,223 272 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 24, 554 24,554 273 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 221,690 221,690 274 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 14,288 14,288 
275 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 51,527 51,527 276 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .............. 26,579 26,579 278 0305600F INTERNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY AND ARCHITECTURES ........................................................... ................................................................................................................... 8,464 8,464 280 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 4,303 4,303 284 0305984F PERSONNEL RECOVERY COMMAND & CTRL (PRC2) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 2, 466 2,466 285 0307577F INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 4,117 4,117 287 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................... 105,988 105,988 288 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 25,071 25,071 289 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 48,299 48,299 290 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 15,409 15,409 291 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 4,334 4,334 292 0401218F KC–135S ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 3,493 3,493 293 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 6,569 6,569 294 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 3,172 3,172 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3193 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
295 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................................. 18,502 18,502 296 0401840F AMC COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 1,688 1,688 297 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 2,541 2,541 298 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 1,897 1,897 299 0708055F MAINTENANCE, REPAIR & OVERHAUL SYSTEM ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 50,933 15,873 Poor agile development implementation .......................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... [–35,060]  300 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 13,787 13,787 301 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 4,497 4,497 302 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 2,022 2,022 303 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 108 108 304 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 2,023 2,023 305 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 3,772 3,772 306 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 6,358 6,358 307 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 1,418 1,418 308 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. ................................................................................................................... 99,734 87,91 8 Poor agile development implementation .......................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... [–11,816]  309 1201921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 14, 161 14,161 310 1202247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................... 26,986 26,986 311 1203001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 80,168 80,168 312 1203110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 17,808 17,808 314 1203165F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE AND CONTROL SEGMENTS) .................................................... ............................................................................................................ 8,937 8,937 315 1203173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 59,935 59,935 316 1203174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................... ............................................................................................................. 21,019 21,019 317 1203179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 8,568 8,568 318 1203182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 10,641 10,641 319 1203265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 144,543 144,543 320 1203400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 16,278 16,278 321 1203614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 72,256 62,256 Assumed cost savings ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [–10,000] 322 1203620F NATIONAL SPACE DEFENSE CENTER ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 42,209 42,209 325 1203913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 19,778 19,778 326 1203940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 19,572 19,572 327 1206423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT ......................................................... ................................................................................................................. 513,235 513,23 5 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 22,891,740 22,825,518 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 40,178,343 40,753,244 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 37,023 37,023 2 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............. 422,130 429,630 Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... [5,00 0] Critical materials ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ [2,500] 3 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................. 42,702 52,702 Quantum information sciences ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... [5,0 00] University-lab research partnership ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... [5,0 00] 4 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 47 ,825 57,825 TBI Treatment for blast injuries ............................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. [ 10,000] 5 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 85,919 85,919 6 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ................................................ ............................................................................................................... 30,412 30,412 7 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 42,103 42,103 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 708,114 735,614 APPLIED RESEARCH 8 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 19,170 21,670 Insensitive munitions .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... [2,500] 9 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 101,300 101,300 11 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 51,596 51,596 12 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ........................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 60,688 53 ,188 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–7,500] 13 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 3 95,317 395,317 14 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 38,640 38,640 15 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 192,674 192,674 16 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 14,969 14,969 17 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 335,466 332,966 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [2,500] MAD-FIRES reduction ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... [–5,000] 18 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 226,898 211,898 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–15,000] 19 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................ 333,847 333,847 20 0602718BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................. ................................................................................................................... 161,151 161, 151 21 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 9,300  9,300 22 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................
............................................................................................................................... ............. 35,921 35,921 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 1,976,937 1,954,437 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 23 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 25,598 25,598 24 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 125,271 111,271 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–14,000] 25 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 24,532 24,532 27 0603160BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................... ................................................................................................. 299,858 299,858 28 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ....................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 13,017 1 3,017 29 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 0 13,400 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3194 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MDA UPL: Accelerate hypersonic missile defense ................................................................................. ................................................................................................................. [13,400] 31 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 20,365 42,565 Accelerate hypersonic missile defense .......................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... [22,20 0] 32 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 18,6 44 18,644 34 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 277,603 282,603 Hypersonics weapons programs development and transition ........................................................................ ....................................................................................................... [5,000] 35 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 254,671 364,671 Blackjack increase ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... [110,000] 36 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 19,472 19,472 37 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 37,263 37,263 38 0603291D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS—MHA .................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 13,621  13,621 39 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 189,753 189,753 40 0603342D8W DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL (DIUX) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 29,364 29,864 Defense technology innovation .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. [5 00] 41 0603375D8Z TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................... 83,143 103,143 Commercial SAR satellites ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [20,000] 42 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ...................................................... ....................................................................................................... 142,826 142,826 43 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 161,128 161,128 44 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 12,918 12,918 45 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 106,049 106,049 46 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 12,696 5,196 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–7,500] 47 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ........................................................ ............................................................................................................. 114,637 121,637 Enhancing cybersecurity for small vendors ...................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... [5,000] Eye protection system .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... [2,000] 48 0603680S MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 49,667 52,167 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [2,500] 49 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 48 ,338 48,338 50 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 11,778 12,778 General program increase ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [1,000] 52 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 76,514 86,514 Readiness Increase ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... [10,000] 53 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 168,931 173,93 1 Tunable filter, support for microelectronics development ....................................................................... .............................................................................................................. [5,000] 54 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................. 5,992 5,992 55 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................. ...............................................................................................................................
...... 111,099 118,599 Support for the Electronics Resurgence Initiative .............................................................................. ................................................................................................................... [7,500] 56 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ........................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 185,984  185,984 57 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ... 438,569 428,569 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–10,000] 58 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................... 190,128 191,628 Sensors and processing systems technology ...................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... [1,500] 59 0603769D8Z DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. .................................................................................................................... 13,564 13,5 64 60 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 15,050 15,050 61 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............. 69,626 59,626 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–10,000] 62 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 19,415 19,415 63 0603924D8Z HIGH ENERGY LASER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 69,533  69,533 64 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 96,389 111,389 Hypersonics and directed energy test ........................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... [10,00 0] Workforce development .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [5,000] 65 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 40,582 50,582 Readiness Increase ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... [10,000] 66 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 26,644 26,644 67 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 79,380 79,380 300 8888 NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION ACTIVITIES ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 0 150,000 Establish office for capital investment ........................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... [150,0 00] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 3,699,612 4,038,712 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 68 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P ................................................. ......................................................................................................... 28,140 28,140 69 0603600D8Z WALKOFF .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................. 92,222 92,222 70 0603821D8Z ACQUISITION ENTERPRISE DATA & INFORMATION SERVICES ............................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 2,50 6 2,506 71 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM ........................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 40,016 50, 016 Readiness Increase ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... [10,000] 72 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 214,17 3 398,273 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . [184,100] 73 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 926,359 7 18,359 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [–208,000] 74 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 129,886 1 29,886 75 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 220,876 244,876 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ...............................................................................................................................
. [24,000] 76 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................ 540,926 540,926 77 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 422,348 422,348 78 0603892C AEGIS BMD .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 767,539 767,539 81 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND COMMUNICATI ................................... ........................................................................................ 475,168 425,168 Inconsistent capability delivery ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–50,000] 82 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 48,76 7 48,767 83 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ............................................................ .................................................................................................................... 54,925 54,9 25 84 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 16,916 16,916 85 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 149,715 116,715 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [–33,000] 86 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 300,000 300,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3195 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
87 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 365,681 437,581 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . [71,900] 88 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 517,852 486,352 MDA UPL: USFK JEON ............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... . [4,500] Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [–36,000] 89 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 11,347 11,347 90 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 8,528 8,528 91 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 3,477 8,477 Corrosion prevention ........................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... [5,000] 92 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 148,822 228,822 Laser scaling for boost phase intercept ........................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ [80,000 ] 93 0604132D8Z MISSILE DEFEAT PROJECT ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 58,607 58,607 94 0604134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT DEMONSTRATION, PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING ....................................... ............................................................................................... 12,993 12,993 95 0604181C HYPERSONIC DEFENSE ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 120,444 130,944 Accelerate hypersonic missile defense .......................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... [10,50 0] 96 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 1,431,702 1,481,702 Quartermaster Pathfinder ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . [50,000] 97 0604294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 233,142 238,642 New trust approach development ................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... [5,500 ] 98 0604331D8Z RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ................ 99,333 99,333 99 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED SYSTEM COMMON DEVELOPMENT ................................................... ...................................................................................................... 3,781 3,781 100 0604673C PACIFIC DISCRIMINATING RADAR ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 95,765 95,765 101 0604682D8Z WARGAMING AND SUPPORT FOR STRATEGIC ANALYSIS (SSA) .............................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 3,768  3,768 103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESSMENTS ..................................... ................................................................................................... 22,435 22,435 104 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 164,562 164,562 105 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... . 561,220 421,820 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [–139,400] 106 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ........................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 61,017 61 ,017 107 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 95,756 95,756 108 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 81,001 81,001 109 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 27,692 27,692 111 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST .................................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 81,9 34 72,634 Reduce FY19 Numbers ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... [–9,300] 112 0604894C MULTI-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 8,256 8,256 113 0300206R ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
2,600 2,600 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM .................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 3, 104 3,104 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................... 985 985 116 1206893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 36,955 36,955 117 1206895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 16,4 84 89,484 MDA UPL: Initiate missile defense tracking system .............................................................................. ................................................................................................................ [73,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 8,709,725 8,752,525 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 118 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD .................................................. ............................................................................................................ 8,333 8,333 119 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 263,414 263,414 120 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ...................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 388,7 01 388,701 121 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) .......................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 19 ,503 19,503 122 0605000BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... ............................................................................................................... 6,163 6,163 123 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 11,988 0 Lengthy delivery timelines ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. [–11,988] 124 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 296 296 125 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 1,489 1,489 126 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............. 9,590 9,590 127 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .............................................................. .................................................................................................................. 3,173 3,173 128 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 2,105 3,105 Data and advanced analytics .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ [1, 000] 129 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INITIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 21, 156 21,156 130 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 10,7 31 10,731 132 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 6,3 74 0 Duplication concern ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... [–6,374] 133 0605294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 56,178 58,678 New trust approach development ................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... [2,500 ] 134 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 2,512 2,512 135 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ............................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 2,435 2, 435 136 0305310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .............................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 17,048 17, 048 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 831,189 816,327 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 45,604 45,604 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 137 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ....................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 6,661 6,661 138 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 4,088 4,088 139 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ...................................................... .................................................................................................................... 258,796 268 ,796 Advanced hypersonic wind tunnel experimentation ................................................................................
............................................................................................................... [10,000] 140 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 31,356 31,356 141 0605001E MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 65,646 65,646 142 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 84,184 89,184 Cyber range capacity and development ........................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... [5,000] 143 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 22,576 17,576 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–5,000] 144 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) .................................................... .................................................................................................................. 52,565 52,565  146 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 38,872 38,872 147 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......... 3,534 3,534 148 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 5,050 5,050 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3196 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
149 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 11, 450 11,450 150 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 1,693 1,693 151 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 102,883 102,883 159 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ................................... ................................................................................................. 2,545 2,545 160 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............... 24,487 24,487 161 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ...................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 56,853 56,853 162 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION ......................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 24,914 24, 914 163 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............ 20,179 25,179 Improve software testing capabilities .......................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... [5,00 0] 164 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 13,643 13,643 165 0605998KA MANAGEMENT HQ—DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................... 4,124 4,124 166 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 5,768 5,768 167 0606225D8Z ODNA TECHNOLOGY AND RESOURCE ANALYSIS ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 1,030 1,030 168 0606589D8W DEFENSE DIGITAL SERVICE (DDS) DEVELOPMENT SUPPORT ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 1,0 00 1,000 169 0606942C ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 3,400 3,400 170 0606942S ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 4,000 4,000 171 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 3,008 3,008 172 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 6,658 6,658 175 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ............................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 652  652 176 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ............................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 1,00 5 1,005 177 0305172K COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 21,363 21,363 180 0305245D8Z INTELLIGENCE CAPABILITIES AND INNOVATION INVESTMENTS ............................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 109 ,529 109,529 181 0306310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 1,244 1,244 184 0804768J COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—NON-MHA ............................................. ................................................................................................ 42,940 42,940 185 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................. 28,626 28,626 187 0903235K JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER (JSP) ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 5,104 5,104 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 1,117,030 1,132,030 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................... 3,877,898 3,887,898 Classified increase ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... [10,000] OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 189 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........... 9,750 9,750 190 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMATION MANA .................................. ............................................................................................ 1,855 1,855 191 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) ............................................... ........................................................................................................ 304 304 192 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 10, 376 10,376 193 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 5,91 5 5,915 194 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G-TSCMIS) ..................................... ............................................................................................. 5,869 5,869 
195 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ................................................ .......................................................................................................... 48,741 48,741 196 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 3,037 3,037 197 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 62,814 62,814 203 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ........................................................... .................................................................................................................... 16,561 16,5 61 204 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........ 14,769 14,769 205 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................................................ ............................................................................................................ 17,579 17,579 207 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...... 31,737 31,737 208 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 7,940 7,940 209 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 229,252 229,252 210 0303140K INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 19,611 19,611 211 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 46,900 46,900 212 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 7,570 7,570 213 0303228K JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (JIE) ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 7,947 7,947 215 0303430K FEDERAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................. ....................................................................................................................... 39,400 3 9,400 224 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...................... 6,262 3,262 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–3,000] 225 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 16,780 16,780 227 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 6, 286 6,286 230 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 2,9 70 2,970 233 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 5,954 10,954 Personnel security and continuous evaluation ................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... [5,000] 234 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM .................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 2,198  2,198 240 0307577D8Z INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ................ 6,889 6,889 242 0708012K LOGISTICS SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................. 1,317 1,317 243 0708012S PACIFIC DISASTER CENTERS .......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 1,770 1,770 244 0708047S DEFENSE PROPERTY ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 1,805 1,805 246 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................ 18,403 18,403 248 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 184,993 184,993 249 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 10,625 10,625 250 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 102,307 102,307 251 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 46,942 46,942 252 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 2,479 2,479 253 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 27,270 27,270 254 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 1,121 1,121 255 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ...............................................................................................................................
......................... 42,471 42,471 256 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 4,780 4,780 257 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..... 12,176 12,176 258 1203610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 2,323 2,323 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................... 4,973,946 4,985,946 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 22,016,553 22,415,591 OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 1 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 85,685 85,685 2 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................ 64,332 64,332 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3197 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
3 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES .......................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..... 70,992 81,892 Increase for test and evaluation technologies .................................................................................. .................................................................................................................... [10,900] SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 221,009 231,909 TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 221,009 231,909 TOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .....91,056,950 92,216,538 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 56 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ........................................................................ ............................................................................................................................. 1, 000 1,000 58 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV .................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 1,500 1,50 0 61 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ........ 3,000 3,000 76 0604117A MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) ........................................................................ ....................................................................................................................... 23,000 2 3,000 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 28,500 28,500 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 88 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 12,000 12,000 100 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ............................................................. ............................................................................................................... 119,300 119,300 125 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 66,760 66,760 128 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 2,6 70 2,670 136 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........ 34,933 34,933 147 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 1,200 1,200 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 236,863 236,863 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 184 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 2,548 2,548 185 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 7,780 7,780 206 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 2,000 2, 000 209 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV .................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 8,000 8,0 00 216 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ......... 23,199 23,199 226 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....... 14,000 14,000 231 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 2,214 2,214 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 59,741 59,741 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 325,104 325,104 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 41 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 18,000 18,000 61 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 13,9 00 13,900 74 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ............... 1,400 1,400 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 33,300 33,300 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 149 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ...... 1,100 1,100 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................. 1,100 1,100 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 117,282 117,282 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 236 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 16,130 16,130 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...............................................................................................................................
........................................................................ 133,412 133,412 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 167,812 167,812 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 65 1206438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............ 1,100 1,100 70 1206857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......... 12,395 12,395 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 13,495 13,495 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 188,127 188,127 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 186 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 4,500 4,500 187 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE ............................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 4,000 4,000 188 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 1,000 1,000 217 0207610F BATTLEFIELD ABN COMM NODE (BACN) .................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 42,349 42,349 228 0208288F INTEL DATA APPLICATIONS ........................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................... 1,200 1,200 254 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 3,000 3,000 268 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ........................... 22,100 22,100 272 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 29,5 00 29,500 310 1202247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................. 5,000 5,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 300,776 300,776 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 314,271 314,271 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3198 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 24 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ........................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 25,000 25,000 26 0603134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT SIMULATION .............................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .... 13,648 13,648 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 38,648 38,648 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 94 0604134BR COUNTER IMPROVISED-THREAT DEMONSTRATION, PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING ....................................... ............................................................................................. 242,668 242,668 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 242,668 242,668 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .................. 192,131 192,131 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 250 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............. 3,632 3,632 251 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....................... 11,040 11,040 253 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......................... 11,700 11,700 254 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 725 725 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 219,228 219,228 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 500,544 500,544 TOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...1,307,731 1,307,731 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 2,076,360  2,076,360 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 107,946 107,946 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 732,485 732,485 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 1,169,508 1,1 69,508 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 1,180,460 1,180,460 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 1,467,5 00 1,467,500 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 4,285,211 4,285,211 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 482,201 482,201 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 1,536,851 1,536,851 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 8,274,299 8,274,2 99 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 3,516,859 3,516,859 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 438,733 438,733 180 US AFRICA COMMAND .......................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 231,518 231,5 18 190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 150,268 150,268 200 US SOUTHERN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 195,964 210,264 SOUTHCOM ABN GFE Sensor (GEOINT/SIGINT) ........................................................................................ ...................................................................................... [4,200 ] SOUTHCOM Cyber HUMINT (CME/OPS) ................................................................................................ .......................................................................................... [1,000 ] SOUTHCOM OSINT/PAI (CME/LIC/TOOLS) ............................................................................................. .......................................................................................... [1,600 ] SOUTHCOM Overland Airborne ISR Flight Hours .................................................................................... ....................................................................................... [7,200 ] SOUTHCOM SIGINT Suite COMSAT RF ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................... [300 ] 210 US FORCES KOREA ............................................................................................................ ..................................................................................................................... 59,625 59, 625 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 25,905,788 25,920,088 MOBILIZATION 220 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ......................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 370,941 37 0,941 230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 573,560 573,560 240 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 7,678 7,678 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................ 952,179 952,179 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 250 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 135,832 135 ,832 260 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 54,819 54 ,819 270 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................... 69,599 69,599 280 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 518,998 518,998 290 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 1,020,073 1,020 ,073 300 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 1,082,1 90 1,082,190 310 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 220,399 220,399 320 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 611,482 61 1,482 330 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 698,962 498,962 Marketing Cuts ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. [–200,000 ] 340 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 162 ,049 162,049 350 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 215,622 215,622 360 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... 176,914 176,914 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3199 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
370 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ...................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 174,430 174,430 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 5,141,369 4,941,369 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 1,259,622 1,259,6 22 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 390 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 588,047 588,047 400 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................... 931,462 931,462 410 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................... 696,114 696,114 420 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 461,637 461,637 430 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 447,564  447,564 440 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 2,069,127 2,069,127 450 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................. 261,021 261,021 460 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 379,541 379,541 470 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 1,699,767 1,699 ,767 480 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 192,686 192,6 86 490 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 240,917 240,917 500 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS ................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 291,569 291,569 510 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................... 442,656 442,656 520 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ............................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 48,251 48,251 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 10,009,981 10,009,981 UNDISTRIBUTED 1 UNDISTRIBUTED ................................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 0 –200,00 0 Army misrepresentation of civilian pay budget request .......................................................................... .................................................................................... [–200,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................... 0 –200,000 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 42,009,317 41,623,617 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 13,867 13,867 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 536,438 536,438 030 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 113,225 113,2 25 040 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 551,141 551,141 050 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 89,073 89,073 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 409,531 409,531 070 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 101,411 101,411 080 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 60,114 60,114 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 595,728 595,728 100 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 304,658 304,658 110 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 22,175 22,175 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 2,797,361 2,797,361 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 120 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 11,832 11,832 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 18,218 18,218 140 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 25,069 25,069 150 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................. 6,248 6,248 160 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 58,181 58,181 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 119,548 119,548 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................... 2,916,909 2,916,909 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 810,269 8 10,269 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 193,402 193,402 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 753,815 753,815 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 84,124 84,124  050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 31,881 31,881 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 973,874  973,874 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 784,086 784,086 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 51,353 51,353 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 221,633 221,633 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 1,129,942 1,129,9 42 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 919,947 919,947 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 1,010,524 1,010,524 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 6,964,850 6,964,850 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 10,017 10,017 140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 72,746 72,746 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 83,105 83,105 160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................. 10,678 10,678 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3200 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 254,753 254,753 180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 3,146 3,146 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 434,445 434,445 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 7,399,295 7,399,295 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................... 5,372,399 5,372,399 020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2,023,351  2,023,351 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................. ........................................................................................... 56,225 56,225 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 156,081 156,081 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 682,379 682,3 79 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 1,253,756 1,253,756 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 66,649 66,649 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 939,368 9 39,368 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 4,439,566 4,439,566 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 997,663 997,663 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 8,751,526 8,751, 526 120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 2,168,876 2,168,876 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE ............................................................................... ....................................................................................... 1,349,593 1,351,293 SOUTHCOM CCO Sensor Integration ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................. [1,700 ] 150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 215,255 215,255 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 632,446 6 32,446 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................................................... .......................................................................................... 373,046 373,046 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 1,452,075 1,452,0 75 190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................... ................................................................................... 153,719 153,719 210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................. 63,039 63,039 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................ ........................................................................................ 89,339 89,339 230 MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT OPERATIONS .................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 8,475 8,475 240 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 424,088 424,0 88 260 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 1,361,947 1, 361,947 280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 823,952 823,952  290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 494,101 494,101 300 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 921,936 876,936  General reduction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ [–45,000 ] 310 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................ 2,040,389 2,446,389 FSRM to 100% max executable .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ [406,000 ] 320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 4,414,753 4,414, 753 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 41,725,992 42,088,692 MOBILIZATION 330 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .............................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 549,142 549,142 340 READY RESERVE FORCE ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 310,805 310,80 5 360 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 161,150 161,150 370 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 120,338 120,338 
390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 24,097 24,097 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................ 1,165,532 1,165,532 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 400 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 145,481 145 ,481 410 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 9,637 9,6 37 420 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............................................................................................ ....................................................................................................... 149,687 149,687 430 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 879,557 879,557  450 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 184,436 184,436 460 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 223,159 22 3,159 470 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 181,086 181,086 480 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 96,006 96,006 490 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... 72,083 72,083 500 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 54,15 6 54,156 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 1,995,288 1,995,288 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 574,994 574,994 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 510 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 1,089,9 64 1,089,964 530 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. ......................................................................................... 164,074 164,074 540 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. ........................................................................................ 418,350 418,350 580 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 167,106 167,106 600 PLANNING, ENGINEERING, AND PROGRAM SUPPORT ................................................................................. ............................................................................................ 333,556 333,556 610 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ...................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 663,690 663,690 650 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ........................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 705,087 705,087 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,116,821 4,116,821 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 49,003,633 49,366,333 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3201 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 873,320 873, 320 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 1,094, 187 1,094,187 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 314,182 314, 182 040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 98,136 98,136 050 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 183,546 183,5 46 060 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 832,636 832,636 070 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 2,151,390 2,151, 390 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 5,547,397 5,547,397 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 080 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 16,453 16 ,453 090 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 1,144 1,144  100 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 106,360 106,360  110 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 46,096 46,096 120 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 389,751 38 9,751 130 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 201,662 201,662 140 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 32,461 32,461 150 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 24,21 7 24,217 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 818,144 818,144 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 50,859 50,859 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 160 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 29,735 29,735 170 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 386,375  386,375 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 466,969 466,969 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 6,832,510 6,832,510 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................... 569,584 569,584 020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 6,902 6,902 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... 109,776 109,776 040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 538 538 050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 18,888 18 ,888 060 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 574 574 070 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 17,561 17,561 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 121,070 121,070 090 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 337 337 100 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 23,964 23,964 110 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................ 36,356 36,356 120 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 103,562 103,562 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 1,009,112 1,009,112 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 1,868 1
,868 140 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. ........................................................................................ 12,849 12,849 160 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 3,177 3,177 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 17,894 17,894 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 1,027,006 1,027,006 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 99,173 99,1 73 020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 19,430 19,43 0 030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................ 39,962 39,962 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 101,829 101,829 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 260,394 260,394 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 050 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 11,176 11,176 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 11,176 11,176 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................... 271,570 271,570 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 1,164,810 1,164,8 10 OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 758,178 783,178 Increase for F–35 sustainment to accelerate depot component repair capability .................................................. ................................................................... [25,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3202 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 1,509,027 1,509,027 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. ................................................................................................. 1,323,330 1,323,330 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 3,511,830 3,511,830 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 2,892,705 2,917,705 Additional demo ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................ [25,000 ] 060 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ...................................................................................... 7,613,084 8,258,984 Increase for JSTARS buy-back ................................................................................................... ................................................................................................... [95,900 ] WSS to 100% executable ......................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... [550,000 ] 070 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 4,345,208 4,395 ,208 Increase for JSTARS buy-back ................................................................................................... ................................................................................................... [50,000 ] 080 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 5,989,2 15 5,989,215 090 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 928,023 928,023 100 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ...................................................................................................... 1,080,956 1,080,956 110 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 879,032 879,0 32 130 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 183,777 1 83,777 140 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 404,072 404,072 170 US NORTHCOM/NORAD .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 187,375 187,37 5 180 US STRATCOM ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 529,902  529,902 190 US CYBERCOM ................................................................................................................ ....................................................................................................................... 329,474 329,474 200 US CENTCOM ................................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 166,02 4 166,024 210 US SOCOM ................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 723 723 220 US TRANSCOM ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 535 535  918 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 0 156,8 00 Procurement of 7 DABs for PACOM ................................................................................................ .............................................................................................. [156,800 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 33,797,280 34,699,980 MOBILIZATION 230 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 1,307,695 1,307,695 240 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 144,417 144,417 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................ 1,452,112 1,452,112 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 280 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 133,187 133 ,187 290 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 25,041 25 ,041 300 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ..................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 117,338 117,338 330 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 401,996 401,996  340 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 477,064  477,064 350 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 276,423 276,423 360 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 95,948 95, 948 380 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 154,530 154,530 390 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................ 4,1 32 4,132 400 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 223,150 223,150 410 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................
.......................................................................................................... 209,497 209,497 420 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 59,90 8 59,908 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 2,178,214 2,178,214 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 1,222,456 1,222,4 56 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 430 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 681,788 681, 788 440 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 117,812 117,812 480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 953,102  953,102 490 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 358,389 358,389 500 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 1,194,862 1,194,862  510 CIVIL AIR PATROL ........................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 29,594 29,594 540 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 74,959 74,959 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 4,632,962 4,632,962 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 42,060,568 42,963,268 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 1,853,437 1,853,4 37 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 205,369 205,369 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 345,576 345,576 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 120,736 123,536 Additional demo ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................ [2,800 ] 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ...................................................................................... 241,239 293,239 WSS to 91% ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. [52,000 ] 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 385,922  385,922 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 3,152,279 3,207,079 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 070 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 71,188 71,188 080 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 19,429 19,429 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3203 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
090 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 9,386 9,386 100 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ....................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 7,512 7,512 110 AUDIOVISUAL ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 440 4 40 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ................................107,955 107,955 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 3,260,234 3,315,034 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................... 2,619,940 2, 621,540 Restoring O&M associated with buyback of 3 PMAI JSTARS aircraft ................................................................ ......................................................................... [1,600 ] 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 623,265 623,265 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 748,287 748,287 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ....................................................................................... 303,792 303,792 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ...................................................................................... 1,061,759 1,061,759 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 988,333  999,333 PFAS Transfer .................................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. [11,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 6,345,376 6,357,976 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 070 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 45,711 45,711 080 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 36,535 36,535 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ...............................82,246 82,246 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 6,427,622 6,440,222 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 430,215 432 ,715 Operational logistics exercise elements ........................................................................................ ............................................................................................... [2,500 ] 020 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF—CE2T2 ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................... 602,186 602,186 040 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................ .......................................................................................... 5,389,250 5,389,250 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 6,421,651 6,424,151 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 050 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ............................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 181,601 181,601 060 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 96,565 96,5 65 070 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING ......................................................................... ..................................................................................... 370,583 370,583 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 648,749 648,749 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 15,645,192 15,645 ,192 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 080 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 166,131 166,131  100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 625,633 625,633 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 1,465,354 1,465,354 120 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 859,923 859,923 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 2,106,930 2,106,930 150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 27,403 27,403 160 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 379,275 379,275 170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 207,537 207,53
7 180 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................................................ ................................................................................................ 130,696 130,696 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................. 754,711 754,711 200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 789,175 852,775 Additional civilian FTE ........................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... [18,600 ] New mission needs .............................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... [45,000 ] 220 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ................................................................................. ............................................................................................ 34,951 34,951 230 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ..................................................................................................... 553,329 553,329 250 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 2,892,284 2,942,284 Impact aid for children with severe disabilities ............................................................................... ........................................................................................... [10,000 ] Impact aid for schools with military dependent students ........................................................................ .................................................................................. [40,000 ] 260 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 499,817 499,817  280 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 70,035 70,035 290 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 1,519,655 1,565,655 CDC Health Study (sec. 312) .................................................................................................... .................................................................................................... [10,000 ] Clearinghouse .................................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. [1,000 ] Defense Environmental International Cooperations (DEIC) ........................................................................ .................................................................................. [1,000 ] Defense Fellows Program ........................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... [10,000 ] DOD emerging contaminants ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. [1,000 ] DOD environmental resilience ................................................................................................... .................................................................................................... [1,000 ] DOD Rewards Program Cut ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................... [–3,000 ] Readiness and Environmental Protection Initiative Increase ..................................................................... ................................................................................. [25,000 ] 300 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ..................................................................... ................................................................................... 97,787 97,787 310 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 456,407 456,407 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 29,282,225 29,441,825 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3204 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................36,352,625 36,514,725 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF 010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE .......................................................................... ..................................................................................... 14,662 14,662 SUBTOTAL US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF ............................................................................................................................... .............................14,662 14,662 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID 010 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID .............................................................................. ............................................................................................. 107,663 107,663 SUBTOTAL OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID ............................................................................................................................... ........................107,663 107,663 COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT 010 FORMER SOVIET UNION (FSU) THREAT REDUCTION ................................................................................. .............................................................................................. 335,240 335,240 SUBTOTAL COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT ............................................................................................................................... ...................................... 335,240 335,240 DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND 010 ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD ....................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 400,000 400,000 SUBTOTAL DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND ............................................................................................................................... .........................400,000 400,000 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 203,449 203,449 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 203,449 203,449 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY 080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................ ....................................................................................................... 329,253 329,253 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 329,253 329,253 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE 100 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 296,808 285,808 PFAS Transfer .................................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. [–11,000 ] SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 296,808 285,808 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 120 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 8,926 8,926 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 8,926 8,926 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES 140 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES .............................................................................. ......................................................................................... 212,346 212,346 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ............................................................................................................................... .....................212,346 212,346 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 1,908,347 1,897,347 UNDISTRIBUTED UNDISTRIBUTED 999 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 0 –216, 520 Foreign Currency Fluctuation ................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... [–267,000 ] JROTC .......................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. [5,480 ] Operation and Maintenance, Air Force DSMOA ..................................................................................... ....................................................................................... [10,000 ] Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard DSMOA ............................................................................ ................................................................................ [15,000 ] Operation and Maintenance, Army DSMOA .......................................................................................... ......................................................................................... [10,000 ] Operation and Maintenance, Navy DSMOA .......................................................................................... ......................................................................................... [10,000 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................... 0 –216,520 TOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 0 –216,520 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ...............................................................................................................................
....................................................................... 199,469,636 200,351,316 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 1,179,3 39 1,179,339 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 25,983 25,983 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 2,189,916 2 ,189,916 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................ 188,609 188,609 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 120,78 7 120,787 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 3,867,286 3,867,286 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 550,068 550,068 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 195,873 195,873 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3205 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 109,560 109,560 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ......................................................................................... 60,807 60,807 140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 5,992,222  5,992,222 150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ...................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 10,000 10,000 160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 1,036,454 1,036,454 180 US AFRICA COMMAND .......................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 248,796 248 ,796 190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 98,127 98,127 200 US SOUTHERN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 2,550 2,550 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 15,876,377 15,876,377 MOBILIZATION 230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. 158,753 158,753 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 158,753 158,753 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 1,074,270 1,074 ,270 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 390 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 712,230 712,230 400 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................. 44,168 44,168 410 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 5,300 5,300 420 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 38,597 38,597 460 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 109,019 109,019 490 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 191,786 191,786 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 2,175,370 2,175,370 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 18,210,500 18,210,500 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 20,700 20,700 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 700 700 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 20,487 20,487 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 41,887 41,887 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 41,887 41,887 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 42,519 42,519 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 778 778 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 12,093 12,093 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 708 708 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 28,135  28,135 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 5,908 5,908 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 18,877 18,877 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................... ............................................................................................. 956 956 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 109,974 109,974 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 755 755 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 755 755 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 110,729 110,729 AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND AFGHAN NATIONAL ARMY 090 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 1,52 2,777 1,522,777 100 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 137,732  137,732 110 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 71,922 71,922 120 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 175,846 175,84 6 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN NATIONAL ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 1,908,277 1,908,277 AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE 130 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 527, 554 527,554 140 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 42,984 42,984 150 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 14,554 14,554 160 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 181,922 181,92 2 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN NATIONAL POLICE ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 767,014 767,014 AFGHAN AIR FORCE 170 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 942, 279 942,279 180 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 30,350 30,350 190 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 572,310 572,310 200 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 277,191 277,19 1 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN AIR FORCE............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 1,822,130 1,822,130 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3206 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
AFGHAN SPECIAL SECURITY FORCES 210 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 353, 734 353,734 220 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 43,132 43,132 230 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 151,790 151,790 240 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 153,373 153,37 3 SUBTOTAL AFGHAN SPECIAL SECURITY FORCES ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 702,029 702,029 TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................... 5,199,450 5,199,450 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 435,507 435,507 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................. ............................................................................................. 800 800 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 9,394 9,394 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 193,384 193 ,384 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 173,053 173,053 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 3,524 3,524 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 60,219 60,219 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 942,960 942,960 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 20,236 20,236 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 1,022,647 1,02 2,647 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE ............................................................................... ........................................................................................ 59,553 59,553 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ....................................................................................................................... 16,651 1 6,651 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ................................................................................... ............................................................................................ 31,118 31,118 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 635,560 635,560  190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................... ..................................................................................... 4,334 4,334 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................ .......................................................................................... 24,800 24,800 240 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 355 355 280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 493,033 493,0 33 290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 12,780 12,780 310 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. .............................................................................................. 67,321 67,321 320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 211,394 211,394  SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 4,418,623 4,418,623 MOBILIZATION 370 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 12,902 12,902 390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 165,000 165,0 00 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 177,902 177,902 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 430 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................. 51,138 51,138 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 51,138 51,138 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 16,076 16,076 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 510 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 4,145 4,145 540 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ................................................................................. .......................................................................................... 7,503 7,503 580 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION .................................................................................................
............................................................................................................. 69,297 69,297 610 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ...................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 10,912 10,912 650 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ........................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 1,559 1,559 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 109,492 109,492 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................. 4,757,155 4,757,155 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 734,505 734 ,505 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 212,6 91 212,691 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 53,040 53, 040 070 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 23,047 23,047 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 1,023,283 1,023,283 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 120 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 30,459 3 0,459 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 30,459 30,459 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 4,650 4,650 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 160 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 61,400 61,400 170 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 2,108 2,108 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 68,158 68,158 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 1,121,900 1,121,900 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3207 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 500 500 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 11,400 11,400 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 13,737 13,737 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 25,637 25,637 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................... 25,637 25,637 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 2,550 2,5 50 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 795 795 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 3,345 3,345 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ............................................................................................................................... ................................................. 3,345 3,345 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 166,274 166,274  020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 1,492,580 1,492,580 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. .................................................................................................. 110,237 110,237 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 209,996 209,996 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................ ......................................................................................... 92,412 92,412 060 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ............................................................................ ........................................................................................ 1,289,693 1,289,693 070 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ........................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 2,355,264 2,3 55,264 080 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 1,141 ,718 1,141,718 090 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 13,537 13,537 100 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 224,713 224,713 110 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 17,353 17,3 53 120 TACTICAL INTEL AND OTHER SPECIAL ACTIVITIES ................................................................................ ................................................................................................... 36,098 36,098 130 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 385 385  140 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 38,966 38,966 170 US NORTHCOM/NORAD .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 725 725 180 US STRATCOM ................................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 2,056  2,056 190 US CYBERCOM ................................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................................... 35,189  35,189 200 US CENTCOM ................................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................... 162, 691 162,691 210 US SOCOM ................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................. 19 ,000 19,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 7,408,887 7,408,887 MOBILIZATION 230 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 1,287,65 9 1,287,659 240 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. 107,064 107,064 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 1,394,723 1,394,723 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 280 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ...................................................................................................................... 300 300 290 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 340 340  330 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING .................................................................................................
................................................................................................................. 25,327 25,327 340 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 844 8 44 350 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 1,199 1,199 360 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 1,320 1, 320 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 29,330 29,330 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 51,108 51,108 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 430 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 154,485 154 ,485 440 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 13,608 13,608 480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................................... 4,814 4,814 490 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................ 131,123 131,123 500 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 97,471 97,471 540 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 240 240 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 452,849 452,849 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 9,285,789 9,285,789 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 51,000 51,000 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 9,500  9,500 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 60,500 60,500 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 60,500 60,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3208 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 3,560 3,560 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 12,31 0 12,310 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 15,870 15,870 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 15,870 15,870 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 28,671 28, 671 040 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................ ............................................................................................ 3,733,161 3,733,161 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 3,761,832 3,761,832 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 1,944,813 1,944 ,813 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 1,781 1,781 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 21,723 21,723 130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... .................................................................................................... 111,702 111,702 150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 127,023 127,023 170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 14,377 14,37 7 190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ .................................................................................................... 2,208,442 1,658,442 Coalition Support Funds ........................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................... [–550,000 ] 230 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ....................................................................................................... 302,250 302,250 250 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 31,620 31,620 290 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 16,579 16,579 310 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 7,766 7,766 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 4,788,076 4,238,076 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 8,549,908 7,999,908 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 47,382,670 46,832,670 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. ......................................................................... 140,689,301 137,627,221 End strength cut ............................................................................................................... ......................................................................... [–993,200 ] Foreign Currency Fluctuation ................................................................................................... .................................................................. [–133,000 ] JROTC .......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 1,220 Military Personnel Underexecution .............................................................................................. ............................................................... [–1,937,100 ] SUBTOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................................................... .....................140,689,301 137,627,221 MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS ............................................................................ ......................................................... 7,533,090 7,533,090 SUBTOTAL MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS .................................................................................................................. 7,533,090 7,533,090 TOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 148,222,391 145,160,311 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. ......................................................................... 4,660,661 4,660,661 SUBTOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................................................... .....................4,660,661 4,660,661 TOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL............................................................................................................................... ......................................................... 4,660,661 4,660,661 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3209 June 6, 2018 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 010 Industrial Operations ...................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 59,002 59,002 020 Supply Management—Army ..................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 99,763 9 9,763 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 59,002 59,002 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 99,763 99,763 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 020 Supplies and Materials ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 6 9,054 69,054 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 69,054 69,054 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 020 Supply Chain Management—Def ................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 48,096 48,0 96 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................... 48,096 48,096 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 010 Working Capital Fund, DECA ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 1,266 ,200 1,266,200 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 1,266,200 1,266,200 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................... 1,542,115 1,542,115 CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 1 Chem Demilitarization—O&M .................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 105,997 10 5,997 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 105,997 105,997 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 2 Chem Demilitarization—RDT&E .................................................................................................. .................................................................................................................... 886,728 886 ,728 SUBTOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION ............................................................................................................................... .....................................886,728 886,728 PROCUREMENT 3 Chem Demilitarization—Proc ................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 1,091 1, 091 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 1,091 1,091 TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 993,816 993,816 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 010 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 547,171 547,171 SUBTOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................547,171 547,171 DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM 020 Drug Demand Reduction Program .............................................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 117,900 11 7,900 SUBTOTAL DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................... 117,900 117,900 READINESS COUNTERDRUG ACTIVITIES 040 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 5,276 5,276 SUBTOTAL READINESS COUNTERDRUG ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................... 5,276 5,276 NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM 030 National Guard Counter-Drug Program ........................................................................................ ................................................................................................................... 117,178 117, 178 SUBTOTAL NATIONAL GUARD COUNTER-DRUG PROGRAM
............................................................................................................................... ................................................ 117,178 117,178 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 787,525 787,525 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 010 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 327, 611 327,611 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 327,611 327,611 RDT&E 020 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 1,60 2 1,602 SUBTOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 1,602 1,602 PROCUREMENT 030 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 60 6 0 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 60 60 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 329,273 329,273 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3210 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 010 In-House Care .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 9,738,569 9,738,569 020 Private Sector Care ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 15,103,735 15,103,735 030 Consolidated Health Support ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 2,10 7,961 2,107,961 040 Information Management ..................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 2,03 9,878 2,039,878 050 Management Activities ...................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 3 07,629 307,629 060 Education and Training ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 7 56,778 759,278 Specialized medical pilot program .............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................... [2,500] 070 Base Operations/Communications ............................................................................................. ...................................................................................................................... 2,090,845  2,090,845 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 32,145,395 32,147,895 RDT&E 080 R&D Research ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .... 11,386 11,386 090 R&D Exploratry Development ................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................................... 75,01 0 75,010 100 R&D Advanced Development ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................ 275,258  275,258 110 R&D Demonstration/Validation ............................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 117,52 9 117,529 120 R&D Engineering Development ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ 151,985  151,985 130 R&D Management and Support ................................................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 63,755 63, 755 140 R&D Capabilities Enhancement ............................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 15,714 1 5,714 SUBTOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 710,637 710,637 PROCUREMENT 150 PROC Initial Outfitting .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 33,056 33,056 160 PROC Replacement & Modernization ........................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 343,424 343, 424 180 PROC DoD Healthcare Management System Modernization ........................................................................ ................................................................................................... 496,680 496,680 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 873,160 873,160 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 33,729,192 33,731,692 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................... 37,381,921 37,384,421 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 020 Supply Management—Army ..................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 6,600 6, 600 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................... 6,600 6,600 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 020 Supplies and Materials ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 8 ,590 8,590 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................ 8,590 8,590 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................... 15,190 15,190 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 010 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 153,100 153,100 SUBTOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................................................... .................................153,100 153,100 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ............................................................................................................................... ........................................... 153,100 153,100 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 010 Office of the Inspector General ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 24,6 92 24,692 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................... 24,692 24,692 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 24,692 24,692 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 010 In-House Care .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ..... 72,627 72,627 020 Private Sector Care ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 277,066 277,066 030 Consolidated Health Support ................................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................... 2,37 5 2,375 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 352,068 352,068 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 352,068 352,068 COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) 010 IRAQ ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 850,000 850,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3211 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
020 SYRIA ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .......... 300,000 300,000 030 Other ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........... 250,000 250,000 SUBTOTAL COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,400,000 1,400,000 TOTAL COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................... 1,400,000 1,400,000 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................... 1,945,050 1,945,050 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ARMY Alabama ARMY Anniston Army Depot Weapon Maintenance Shop ............................................................................... ......................................................... 5,200 5,200 California ARMY Fort Irwin Multipurpose Range Complex ..................................................................................... ................................................ 29,000 29,000 Colorado ARMY Fort Carson Vehicle Maintenance Shop ...................................................................................... ................................................... 77,000 77,000 Georgia ARMY Fort Gordon Cyber Instructional Fac and Network Ctr ....................................................................... ............................................ 99,000 99,000 Germany ARMY East Camp Grafenwoehr Mission Training Complex ............................................................................ .............................................................. 31,000 31,000 Hawaii ARMY Fort Shafter Command and Control Facility, Incr 4 ......................................................................... .............................................. 105,000 105,000 ARMY Wheeler Army Airfield Rotary wing parking apron ........................................................................... .............................................................. 0 50,000 Honduras ARMY Soto Cano AB Barracks ..................................................................................................... ................................................................. 21,000 21,000 Indiana ARMY Crane Army Ammunition Activity Railcar Holding Area ....................................................................... ........................................................................... 16,000 16,000 Kentucky ARMY Fort Campbell Microgrid and power plant ................................................................................... ...................................................... 0 18,000 ARMY Fort Campbell Vehicle Maintenance Shop .................................................................................... ..................................................... 32,000 32,000 ARMY Fort Knox Digital Air/Ground Integration Range ............................................................................ ............................................. 26,000 26,000 Korea ARMY Camp Tango Command and Control Facility ................................................................................... ................................................ 17,500 17,500 Kuwait ARMY Camp Arifjan Vehicle Maintenance Shop ..................................................................................... .................................................... 44,000 44,000 New Jersey ARMY Picatinny Arsenal Munitions Disassembly Complex ........................................................................... ..................................................... 41,000 41,000 New Mexico ARMY White Sands Missile Range Information Systems Facility .................................................................... .................................................................. 40,000 40,000 New York ARMY West Point Military Reservation Engineering Center ........................................................................ ............................................................................. 95,000 95,000 ARMY West Point Military Reservation Parking Structure ......................................................................... ............................................................................... 65,000 65,000 North Carolina ARMY Fort Bragg Dining Facility ................................................................................................ ............................................................. 10,000 10,000 South Carolina ARMY Fort Jackson Trainee Barracks Complex 3, PH2 .............................................................................. ................................................ 52,000 52,000 Texas ARMY Fort Bliss Supply Support Activity ........................................................................................ ...................................................... 24,000 24,000 ARMY Fort Hood Supply Support Activity ......................................................................................... ..................................................... 0 9,600 Virginia ARMY Arlington National Cemetery Arlington National Cemetery Southern Expansion ................................................ ...................................................... 0 30,000 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Host Nation Support ....................................................................... ............................................................................ 34,000 34,000 ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... ........................................................................... 71,068 71,068 ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................................ ..................................................................... 72,000 72,000 ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... ........................................................................... 5,000 5,000 SUBTOTAL ARMY............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ........................................ 1,011,768 1,119,368 NAVY Arizona NAVY Camp Navajo Missile Motor Magazines and U&SI .............................................................................. ............................................. 0 14,800 Bahamas NAVY Andros Island AUTEC Austere Quarters ...................................................................................... ....................................................... 31,050 31,050 Bahrain Island NAVY SW Asia Fleet Maintenance Facility & TOC .................................................................................. ............................................ 26,340 26,340 California NAVY Camp Pendleton 62 Area Mess Hall & Consolidated Warehouse ................................................................. ........................................ 0 71,700 NAVY Camp Pendleton Supply Warehouse SOI-West .................................................................................. ..................................................... 0 16,600 NAVY Camp Pendleton Potable Water Distribution Improvements .................................................................... .............................................. 47,230 47,230 NAVY Camp Pendleton AAV-ACV Maintenance & Warehouse Facility ................................................................... .......................................... 49,410 49,410 NAVY Camp Pendleton Full Motion Trainer Facility ............................................................................... .......................................................... 10,670 10,670 
NAVY Camp Pendleton Electrical Upgrades ........................................................................................ ............................................................ 4,020 4,020 NAVY Coronado CMV–22B Airfield Improvements .................................................................................... ............................................ 77,780 77,780 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3212 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
NAVY Lemoore F–35 Maintenance Hangar ........................................................................................... .............................................. 112,690 112,690 NAVY Miramar F–35 Vertical Landing Pads and Taxiway ............................................................................ ..................................... 20,480 20,480 NAVY Miramar Airfield Security Improvements .................................................................................... ............................................... 11,500 11,500 NAVY Point Mugu Directed Energy Systems Intergration Lab ....................................................................... .......................................... 22,150 22,150 NAVY San Diego Harbor Drive Switching Station .................................................................................. ................................................ 48,440 48,440 NAVY San Diego Pier 8 Replacement .............................................................................................. ...................................................... 108,100 108,100 NAVY San Nicolas Island Missile Assembly Build & High Explosive Mag ............................................................ .............................................. 31,010 31,010 NAVY Seal Beach Missile Magazines .............................................................................................. ........................................................ 0 21,800 NAVY Seal Beach Causeway, Boat Channel & Turning Basin ......................................................................... ....................................... 117,830 117,830 District of Columbia NAVY Naval Observatory Master Time Clocks & Operations Facility ................................................................ ................................................. 115,600 115,600 Florida NAVY Mayport LCS Support Facility .............................................................................................. ..................................................... 82,350 82,350 NAVY Mayport LCS Operational Training Facility Addition ........................................................................ ........................................ 29,110 29,110 NAVY NAS Whiting Field Air Traffic Control Tower (North Field) ................................................................. ...................................................... 0 10,000 Georgia NAVY MCLB Albany Welding and Body Repair Shop Facility ......................................................................... ............................................ 0 31,900 Germany NAVY Panzer Kaserne Marforeur HQ Modernization and Expansion ................................................................... ........................................... 43,950 43,950 Guam NAVY Joint Region Marianas Ace Gym & Dining .................................................................................... .................................................................. 27,910 27,910 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Earth Covered Magazines ............................................................................. .............................................................. 52,270 52,270 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Ordnance Ops ........................................................................................ ..................................................................... 22,020 22,020 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Machine Gun Range ................................................................................... ................................................................ 141,287 15,000 NAVY Joint Region Marianas Unaccompanied Enlisted Housing ...................................................................... ........................................................ 36,170 36,170 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba NAVY Guantanamo Bay Solid Waste Management Facility ............................................................................ .................................................. 85,000 85,000 Hawaii NAVY Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Drydock Waterfront Facility ................................................................ ......................................................................... 45,000 45,000 NAVY Kaneohe Bay Corrosion Control Hangar ...................................................................................... ..................................................... 66,100 66,100 NAVY Pearl City Water Transmission Line ........................................................................................ .................................................... 78,320 78,320 Japan NAVY Kadena AB Tactical Operations Center ...................................................................................... ................................................... 9,049 9,049 Maine NAVY Kittery Extend Portal Crane Rail .......................................................................................... .................................................. 39,725 39,725 NAVY Kittery Dry Dock #1 Superflood Basin ...................................................................................... ............................................. 109,960 109,960 Mississippi NAVY Naval Construction Battalion Center Expeditionary Combat Skills Student Berthing .......................................... ................................................................ 0 22,300 North Carolina NAVY Camp Lejeune 2nd Radio BN Complex, Phase 2 ................................................................................ ............................................... 0 51,300 NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ......................................................... ............................................................................ 133,970 27,000 NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station Flightline Utility Modernization .................................................... ............................................................................... 106,860 106,860 Pennsylvania NAVY Philadelphia Submarine Propulsor Manufacturing Support Fac ................................................................ ..................................... 71,050 71,050 South Carolina NAVY MCAS Beaufort Cryogenics Facility ......................................................................................... ............................................................. 0 6,300 NAVY MCAS Beaufort Recycling/Hazardous Waste Facility .......................................................................... ................................................. 9,517 9,517 NAVY Parris Island Range Improvements & Modernization, Phase 2 ................................................................. ...................................... 35,190 35,190 Utah NAVY Hill AFB D5 Missile Motor Receipt/Storage Facility ........................................................................ ......................................... 105,520 105,520 Virginia NAVY Portsmouth Ships Maintenance Facility ..................................................................................... ................................................... 26,120 26,120 NAVY Quantico Ammunition Supply Point Upgrade, Phase 2 ......................................................................... .................................... 0 13,100 NAVY Quantico TBS Fire Station ................................................................................................. ......................................................... 21,980 0 Washington NAVY Bangor Pier and Maintenance Facility ...................................................................................... .............................................. 88,960 88,960 NAVY Whidbey Island Fleet Support Facility ..................................................................................... ............................................................. 19,450 19,450 NAVY Whidbey Island Next Generation Jammer Facility ............................................................................ .................................................... 7,930 7,930 Worldwide Unspecified 
NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................................ ..................................................................... 0 25,000 NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................................ ..................................................................... 28,579 28,579 NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ....................................................................... ........................................................................... 185,542 185,542 SUBTOTAL NAVY............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ......................................... 2,543,189 2,572,752 AIR FORCE Alaska AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A School AGE Facility ................................................................................ ......................................................... 22,500 22,500 AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A CATM Range ......................................................................................... ........................................................... 19,000 19,000 AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35 Aircraft Maintenance Unit Admin Facility ............................................................ ............................................ 6,800 6,800 AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35 Conventional Munitions Maintenance Fac .............................................................. .......................................... 15,500 15,500 Arizona AIR FORCE Davis-Monthan AFB AGE Facility ....................................................................................... .......................................................................... 0 15,000 AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A Squad Ops #6 .......................................................................................... ....................................................... 17,000 17,000 AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A ADAL AMU B914 Sq 6 .................................................................................... ................................................. 23,000 23,000 Florida AIR FORCE Eglin AFB F–35A Student Dormitory II ................................................................................. ....................................................... 28,000 28,000 AIR FORCE Eglin AFB F–35A Integrated Trng Center Academics Bldg ................................................................ ........................................ 34,863 34,863 AIR FORCE MacDill AFB KC135 Beddown Add Flight Simulator Training .............................................................. .......................................... 3,100 3,100 Guam AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas Hayman Munitions Storage Igloos MSA 2 .......................................................... ........................................................ 9,800 9,800 Mariana Islands AIR FORCE Tinian APR—Cargo Pad With Taxiway Extension .......................................................................... ....................................... 46,000 46,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3213 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
AIR FORCE Tinian APR—Maintenance Support Facility .............................................................................. ............................................ 4,700 4,700 Maryland AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews Child Development Center .......................................................................... ................................................................ 0 13,000 AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews PAR Relocate Haz Cargo Pad and EOD Range .......................................................... ................................................ 37,000 37,000 AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews Presidential Aircraft Recap Complex, Inc. 2 ....................................................... ....................................................... 154,000 121,250 Massachusetts AIR FORCE Hanscom AFB MIT-Lincoln Laboratory (West Lab CSL/MIF) ................................................................ .............................................. 225,000 175,000 Nebraska AIR FORCE Offutt AFB Parking Lot, USSTRATCOM ................................................................................... ....................................................... 9,500 9,500 Nevada AIR FORCE Creech AFB MQ–9 CPIP Operations & Command Center Fac. ................................................................ ...................................... 28,000 28,000 AIR FORCE Creech AFB MQ–9 CPIP GCS Operations Facility ......................................................................... ................................................. 31,000 31,000 AIR FORCE Nellis AFB CRH Simulator ............................................................................................. ............................................................... 5,900 5,900 New Mexico AIR FORCE Holloman AFB MQ–9 FTU Ops Facility ................................................................................... ............................................................ 85,000 85,000 AIR FORCE Kirtland AFB Wyoming Gate Upgrade for Anti-Terrorism Compliance ...................................................... ...................................... 0 7,000 New York AIR FORCE Rome Lab Anti-Terrorism Perimeter Security / Entry Control Point ..................................................... ....................................... 0 14,200 North Dakota AIR FORCE Minot AFB Consolidated Helo/TRF Ops/AMU and Alert Fac ................................................................ ......................................... 66,000 66,000 Ohio AIR FORCE Wright-Patterson AFB ADAL Intelligence Production Complex (NASIC) .................................................... ..................................................... 116,100 116,100 Oklahoma AIR FORCE Altus AFB KC–46A FTU/FTC Simulator Facility PH 3 ..................................................................... ............................................. 12,000 12,000 AIR FORCE Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot Maintenance Hangar ........................................................................... ............................................... 81,000 81,000 AIR FORCE Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot Fuel Maintenance Hangar ...................................................................... ............................................ 85,000 85,000 Qatar AIR FORCE Al Udeid Personnel Deployment Processing Facility .................................................................... ............................................. 40,000 40,000 AIR FORCE Al Udeid Flightline Support Facilities ............................................................................... ........................................................ 30,400 30,400 South Carolina AIR FORCE Shaw AFB CPIP MQ–9 MCE Group ......................................................................................... ..................................................... 53,000 53,000 Texas AIR FORCE Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland BMT Recruit Dormitory 6 .............................................................. .............................................................................. 25,000 25,000 United Kingdom AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Fuel System Maintenance Dock 2 Bay .................................................. ......................................................... 16,880 16,880 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Parking Apron ....................................................................... ........................................................................... 27,431 27,431 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A AGE Facility ........................................................................ ............................................................................. 12,449 12,449 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A ADAL Parts Store .................................................................... ......................................................................... 13,926 13,926 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A 6 Bay Hangar ........................................................................ .......................................................................... 39,036 39,036 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Dorm ................................................................................ ................................................................................ 29,541 29,541 AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A ADAL Conventional Munitions MX ...................................................... ............................................................. 9,204 9,204 Utah AIR FORCE Hill AFB Composite Aircraft Antenna Calibration Fac .................................................................. ........................................... 0 26,000 Washington AIR FORCE White Bluff ADAL JPRA C2 Mission Support Facility .................................................................... ................................................. 0 14,000 Worldwide Classified AIR FORCE Classified Location TACMOR—Utilities and Infrastructure Support ...................................................... ................................................... 18,000 18,000 Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ...................................................................... ............................................................................ 0 20,000 AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ...................................................................... ............................................................................ 195,577 195,577 AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ...................................................................... ............................................................................ 11,000 11,000 AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction .................................................. .................................................................. 38,500 38,500 SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................................1,725,707 1,752,157 DEFENSE-WIDE Alabama DEFENSE-WIDE Anniston Army Depot Install microgrid ............................................................................. ............................................................................ 0 20,000 Alaska DEFENSE-WIDE Clear AFS Long Range Discrim Radar Sys Complex Ph2 ................................................................ ........................................... 174,000 130,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Greely Missile Field #1 Expansion ............................................................................ ............................................................. 8,000 8,000 
DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson Operations Facility Replacement ................................................... ............................................................................. 14,000 14,000 Arkansas DEFENSE-WIDE Little Rock AFB Hydrant Fuel System Alterations ................................................................... ............................................................. 14,000 14,000 Belgium DEFENSE-WIDE U.S. Army Garrison Benelux (Chievres) Europe West District Superintendent’s Office ................................ ............................................................................ 14,305 14,305 California DEFENSE-WIDE Camp Pendleton SOF EOD Facility—West .............................................................................. ............................................................... 3,547 3,547 DEFENSE-WIDE Camp Pendleton SOF Human Performance Training Center-West ......................................................... ............................................... 9,049 9,049 DEFENSE-WIDE Coronado SOF NSWG–1 Operations Support Facility ................................................................... ............................................... 25,172 25,172 DEFENSE-WIDE Coronado SOF Close Quarters Combat Facility ....................................................................... ................................................... 12,768 12,768 DEFENSE-WIDE Coronado SOF ATC Applied Instruction Facility ..................................................................... ..................................................... 14,819 14,819 DEFENSE-WIDE Coronado SOF ATC Training Facility ................................................................................ ........................................................... 18,329 18,329 DEFENSE-WIDE Defense Distribution Depot-Tracy Main Access Control Point Upgrades ............................................... .......................................................................... 18,800 18,800 DEFENSE-WIDE NB Ventura County SNI Energy Storage System ....................................................................... ................................................................. 0 6,530 Colorado DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Carson SOF Human Performance Training Center ................................................................. ................................................ 15,297 15,297 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Carson SOF Mountaineering Facility ........................................................................... ............................................................ 9,000 9,000 Conus Classified DEFENSE-WIDE Classified Location Battalion Complex, PH2 ........................................................................ ...................................................................... 49,222 49,222 Djibouti DEFENSE-WIDE Camp Lemonnier ECIP-Install PV Ground Array ....................................................................... .............................................................. 0 3,750 Germany 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3214 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
DEFENSE-WIDE Baumholder SOF Joint Parachute Rigging Facility ................................................................... ...................................................... 11,504 11,504 DEFENSE-WIDE Kaiserslautern AB Kaiserslautern Middle School .................................................................... ................................................................. 99,955 99,955 DEFENSE-WIDE Rhine Ordnance Barracks Medical Center Replacement Inc. 8 ......................................................... .................................................................. 319,589 319,589 DEFENSE-WIDE Weisbaden Clay Kaserne Elementary School .......................................................................... ...................................................... 56,048 56,048 Greece DEFENSE-WIDE NSA Souda Bay Energy Management Control Systems (EMCS) ............................................................ ............................................... 0 2,230 Guam DEFENSE-WIDE Naval Base Guam P–691 NBG 74 Facilities Automated Controls ........................................................ ................................................... 0 4,634 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba DEFENSE-WIDE Guantanamo Bay Working Dog Treatment Facility Replacement ......................................................... .................................................. 9,080 9,080 Hawaii DEFENSE-WIDE Bellows AFB Expand PV and provide energy resilience to fire crash rescue .......................................... ....................................... 0 2,944 Japan DEFENSE-WIDE Camp McTureous Bechtel Elementary School .......................................................................... ............................................................... 94,851 94,851 DEFENSE-WIDE Iwakuni Fuel Pier ................................................................................................. ..................................................................... 33,200 33,200 DEFENSE-WIDE Kadena AB Truck Unload Facilities ................................................................................. .............................................................. 21,400 21,400 DEFENSE-WIDE Yokosuka Kinnick High School ...................................................................................... .............................................................. 170,386 40,000 Kansas DEFENSE-WIDE Salina Training Center PV/Water Conservation & Energy Resilience .................................................. ............................................................ 0 3,500 Kentucky DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Campbell Ft Campbell Middle School ........................................................................... ............................................................. 62,634 62,634 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Campbell SOF Logistics Support Operations Facility ........................................................... ...................................................... 5,435 5,435 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Campbell SOF Air/Ground Integ. Urban Live Fire Range ......................................................... .................................................. 9,091 9,091 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Campbell SOF Multi-Use Helicopter Training Facility .......................................................... ...................................................... 5,138 5,138 Louisiana DEFENSE-WIDE JRB NAS New Orleans Distribution Switchgear ....................................................................... ....................................................................... 0 5,340 Maine DEFENSE-WIDE Kittery Consolidated Warehouse Replacement ........................................................................ ............................................... 11,600 11,600 Maryland DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Inc 4 .................................................................... .................................................... 218,000 191,600 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #3 Inc 1 .................................................................... .................................................... 99,000 99,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Meade Mission Support Operations Warehouse Facility .......................................................... .............................................. 30,000 30,000 Missouri DEFENSE-WIDE St Louis Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Phase 1 Inc. 2 ............................................................... .......................................... 213,600 50,000 DEFENSE-WIDE St Louis Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Phase 2 Inc. 1 ............................................................... .......................................... 110,000 110,000 New Jersey DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst Hot Cargo Hydrant System Replacement ............................................. ...................................................................... 10,200 10,200 North Carolina DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Replace Training Maze and Tower .................................................................... .................................................. 12,109 12,109 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF SERE Resistance Training Lab. Complex .............................................................. .............................................. 20,257 20,257 DEFENSE-WIDE New River Amb Care Center/Dental Clinic Replacement ............................................................... ............................................. 32,580 32,580 Oklahoma DEFENSE-WIDE McAlester Bulk Diesel System Replacement .......................................................................... ..................................................... 7,000 7,000 South Carolina DEFENSE-WIDE MCAS Beaufort Electrical Hardening and Black Start CHP System ..................................................... .............................................. 0 22,402 Texas DEFENSE-WIDE Camp Mabry Install microgrid ...................................................................................... ................................................................... 0 5,500 DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland Energy Aerospace Operations Facility .............................................. .......................................................................... 10,200 10,200 DEFENSE-WIDE Red River Army Depot General Purpose Warehouse .................................................................... ................................................................... 71,500 71,500 United Kingdom DEFENSE-WIDE Croughton RAF Ambulatory Care Center Addition/Alteration .......................................................... .................................................... 10,000 0 Virginia DEFENSE-WIDE Dam Neck SOF Magazines ............................................................................................ ............................................................... 8,959 8,959 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort A.P. Hill Training Campus .................................................................................... .................................................................... 11,734 11,734 DEFENSE-WIDE Fort Belvoir Human Performance Training Center .................................................................... ..................................................... 6,127 6,127 DEFENSE-WIDE Humphreys Engineer Center Maintenance and Supply Facility ......................................................... ...................................................................... 20,257 20,257 DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base Langley-Eustis Fuel Facilities Replacement ............................................................. .......................................................................... 6,900 6,900 DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base Langley-Eustis Ground Vehicle Fueling Facility Replacement ............................................. ............................................................... 5,800 5,800 DEFENSE-WIDE NAS Oceana Super Flight Line Electrical Distribtion System (FLEDS) ................................................ ........................................... 0 2,520 DEFENSE-WIDE Pentagon North Village VACP & Fencing .............................................................................
...................................................... 12,200 12,200 DEFENSE-WIDE Pentagon Exterior Infrastruc. & Security Improvements ............................................................. ............................................... 23,650 23,650 Washington DEFENSE-WIDE Joint Base Lewis-McChord Refueling Facility ....................................................................... ................................................................................. 26,200 26,200 Worldwide Unspecified DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design—ERCIP ......................................................... ........................................................................... 0 5,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 55,925 55,925 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 496 496 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 10,000 10,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 14,184 14,184 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 13,642 13,642 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 5,000 5,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Energy Resilience and Conserv. Invest. Prog. ...................................... ...................................................................... 150,000 150,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Contingency Construction .......................................................... ................................................................................. 10,000 10,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 3,000 3,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 14,300 14,300 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERCIP Design ...................................................................... ........................................................................................ 10,000 10,000 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Exercise Related Minor Construction ............................................... ........................................................................... 12,479 12,479 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 2,036 2,036 DEFENSE-WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ..................................................................... ................................................................................ 42,705 42,705 DEFENSE-WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ ......................................................................... 17,366 17,366 DEFENSE-WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... ............................................................................... 55,699 55,699 SUBTOTAL DEFENSE-WIDE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .........................2,693,324 2,403,288 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3215 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Alaska ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson United States Property & Fiscal Office ..................................... ................................................................................. 27,000 27,000 Illinois ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Marseilles Automated Record Fire Range ..................................................................... ............................................................... 5,000 5,000 Montana ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Malta National Guard Readiness Center ...................................................................... ........................................................ 15,000 15,000 Nevada ARMY NATIONAL GUARD North Las Vegas National Guard Readiness Center ............................................................ .................................................................. 32,000 32,000 New Hampshire ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Pembroke National Guard Readiness Center ................................................................... ........................................................... 12,000 12,000 North Dakota ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Fargo National Guard Readiness Center ...................................................................... ........................................................ 32,000 32,000 Ohio ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Camp Ravenna Automated Multipurpose Machine Gun Range ...................................................... ..................................................... 7,400 7,400 Oklahoma ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Lexington Aircraft vehicle storage building ................................................................ ................................................................ 0 11,000 Oregon ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Boardman Tactical unmanned aerial vehicle hangar ........................................................... ...................................................... 0 11,000 South Dakota ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Rapid City National Guard Readiness Center ................................................................. ............................................................. 15,000 15,000 Texas ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Houston Unheated vehicle storage (aircraft) ................................................................ ........................................................... 0 15,000 Virginia ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Sandston Army aviation support facility .................................................................... ................................................................ 0 89,000 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................. .................................................................................... 18,100 18,100 ARMY NATIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ........................................................ .......................................................................................... 16,622 16,622 SUBTOTAL ARMY NATIONAL GUARD ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...........180,122 306,122 AIR NATIONAL GUARD California AIR NATIONAL GUARD Channel Islands Angs Construct C–130J Flight Simulator Facility ............................................. .................................................................. 8,000 8,000 Hawaii AIR NATIONAL GUARD Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Construct Addition to F–22 LO/CRF B3408 ...................................... ......................................................................... 17,000 17,000 Illinois AIR NATIONAL GUARD Gen. Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport Construct New Fire Crash/Rescue Station .................. ............................................................................................... 9,000 9,000 Louisiana AIR NATIONAL GUARD JRB NAS New Orleans NORTHCOM—Construct Alert Apron .......................................................... ................................................................. 15,000 15,000 New York AIR NATIONAL GUARD Francis S. Gabreski Airport Security Forces/Comm.training Facility .......................................... ............................................................................ 20,000 20,000 Pennsylvania AIR NATIONAL GUARD Fort Indiantown Gap Replace Operations Training/Dining Hall ................................................. .................................................................. 8,000 8,000 Puerto Rico AIR NATIONAL GUARD Luis Munoz Marin International Hurricane Maria—Communications Facility ...................................... ........................................................................ 0 15,000 AIR NATIONAL GUARD Luis Munoz Marin International Airport Hurricane Maria—Maintenance Hangar ................................... ................................................................................. 0 35,000 Virginia AIR NATIONAL GUARD Joint Base Langley-Eustis Construct Cyber Ops Facility ...................................................... ................................................................................ 10,000 10,000 Worldwide Unspecified AIR NATIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ......................................................... ......................................................................................... 0 4,000 AIR NATIONAL GUARD Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .............................................. ................................................................................... 23,626 23,626 AIR NATIONAL GUARD Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................. ..................................................................................... 18,500 18,500 SUBTOTAL AIR NATIONAL GUARD ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ..............129,126 183,126 ARMY RESERVE California ARMY RESERVE Barstow ECS Modified TEMF / Warehouse ............................................................................. .................................................. 34,000 34,000 Wisconsin ARMY RESERVE Fort McCoy Transient Training Barracks ............................................................................ ........................................................... 23,000 23,000 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 2,064 2,064 ARMY RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ............................................................... ................................................................................... 5,855 5,855 SUBTOTAL ARMY RESERVE............................................................................................................................... ...............................................................................................................................
........................64,919 64,919 NAVY RESERVE California NAVY RESERVE Seal Beach Reserve Training Center ................................................................................ ............................................................. 21,740 21,740 Georgia NAVY RESERVE Benning Reserve Training Center ................................................................................... .......................................................... 13,630 13,630 Worldwide Unspecified NAVY RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction .................................................... ............................................................................. 3,000 3,000 NAVY RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ................................................................. .................................................................................... 4,695 4,695 SUBTOTAL NAVY RESERVE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .........................43,065 43,065 AIR FORCE RESERVE Indiana AIR FORCE RESERVE Grissom ARB Aerial Port Facility ............................................................................. ......................................................................... 0 9,400 AIR FORCE RESERVE Grissom ARB Add/Alter Aircraft Maintenance Hangar ............................................................ ......................................................... 12,100 12,100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3216 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Minnesota AIR FORCE RESERVE Minneapolis-St Paul IAP Small Arms Range ..................................................................... ................................................................................. 9,000 9,000 Mississippi AIR FORCE RESERVE Keesler AFB Aeromedical Staging Squadron Facility ............................................................ ......................................................... 4,550 4,550 New York AIR FORCE RESERVE Niagara Falls IAP Physical Fitness Center .................................................................... .......................................................................... 14,000 14,000 Texas AIR FORCE RESERVE Fort Worth Munitions Training/Admin Facility ................................................................. ............................................................. 3,100 3,100 Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design .......................................................... ........................................................................................ 0 5,000 AIR FORCE RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ............................................................ ......................................................................................... 4,055 4,055 AIR FORCE RESERVE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................... .................................................................................. 3,358 3,358 SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE RESERVE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................50,163 64,563 NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM Worldwide Unspecified NATO SECURITY INVEST-MENT PROGRAM NATO Security Investment Program NATO Security Investment Program .............................................................. .............................................................. 171,064 171,064 SUBTOTAL NATO SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 171,064 171,064 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...............8,612,447 8,680,424 FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Germany CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Baumholder Family Housing Improvements ...................................................................... ............................................................. 32,000 32,000 Italy CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Vicenza Family Housing New Construction ..................................................................... ......................................................... 95,134 95,134 Korea CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Camp Humphreys Family Housing New Construction Incr 3 ....................................................... ............................................................ 85,000 85,000 CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Camp Walker Family Housing Replacement Construction ......................................................... ....................................................... 68,000 68,000 Puerto Rico CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Fort Buchanan Family Housing Replacement Construction ....................................................... ......................................................... 26,000 26,000 Wisconsin CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Fort McCoy Family Housing New Construction .................................................................. ............................................................ 6,200 6,200 Worldwide Unspecified CONSTRUCTION, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Family Housing P & D ........................................................ ........................................................................................ 18,326 18,326 SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............330,660 330,660 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ..................................................................................... .......................................................................... 36,302 36,302 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... ................................................................................ 10,502 10,502 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 15,842 15,842 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous .................................................................................. ........................................................................... 408 408 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .................................................................................... ........................................................................... 75,530 75,530 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 57,872 57,872 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... 161,252 161,252 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privitization Support .................................................................. ................................................................... 18,801 18,801 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY
............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 376,509 376,509 CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Mariana Islands CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Guam Replace Andersen Housing PH III ........................................................................................... .................................... 83,441 83,441 Worldwide Unspecified CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Improvements, Washington DC .................................................................... .............................................................. 16,638 16,638 CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations P&D Washington DC .............................................................................. ..................................................................... 4,502 4,502 SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 104,581 104,581 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 60,252 60,252 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 16,395 16,395 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3217 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ..................................................................................... .......................................................................... 50,870 50,870 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous .................................................................................. ........................................................................... 148 148 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... ................................................................................ 16,261 16,261 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... 62,515 62,515 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .................................................................................... ........................................................................... 86,328 86,328 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, NAVY AND MA-RINE CORPS Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization Support .................................................................. .................................................................. 21,767 21,767 
SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 314,536 314,536 CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Construction Improvements ...................................................................... .................................................................. 75,247 75,247 CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design .............................................................................. ....................................................................... 3,199 3,199 SUBTOTAL CONSTRUCTION, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ....78,446 78,446 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization .......................................................................... ........................................................................ 22,205 22,205 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 48,566 48,566 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ..................................................................................... .......................................................................... 54,423 54,423 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... ................................................................................ 13,669 13,669 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 30,645 30,645 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous .................................................................................. ........................................................................... 2,171 2,171 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... 15,832 15,832 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .................................................................................... ........................................................................... 129,763 129,763 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 317,274 317,274 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Worldwide Unspecified OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 4,100 4,100 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 416 416 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 106 106 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... 13,046 13,046 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .................................................................................... ........................................................................... 121 121 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 643 643 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ........................................................................................ ............................................................................... 38,232 38,232 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings .................................................................................... ............................................................................. 01 01 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... ................................................................................ 02 02 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... ................................................................................. 09 09 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance .................................................................................... ........................................................................... 1,542 1,542 OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ..................................................................................... .......................................................................... 155 155 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 58,373 58,373 IMPROVEMENT FUND Worldwide Unspecified IMPROVEMENT FUND Unspecified Worldwide Locations Administrative Expenses—FHIF .................................................. ............................................................................... 1,653 1,653 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3218 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
SUBTOTAL IMPROVEMENT FUND ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ................1,653 1,653 UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND Worldwide Unspecified UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund Administrative Expenses—UHIF ............................................................ ..................................................................... 600 600 SUBTOTAL UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...600 600 TOTAL FAMILY HOUSING............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................1,582,632 1,582,632 DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ARMY Worldwide Unspecified ARMY Base Realignment & Closure, Army Base Realignment and Closure ............................................................. ..................................................................... 62,796 62,796 NAVY Worldwide Unspecified NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Base Realignment & Closure ................................................................ ..................................................................... 151,839 151,839 AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations DoD BRAC Activities—Air Force ........................................................ ......................................................................... 52,903 52,903 TOTAL DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 267,538 267,538 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................ 10,462,617 10,530,594 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State or Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ARMY Bulgaria ARMY Nevo Selo FOS EDI: Ammunition Holding Area ................................................................................ ..................................................... 5,200 5,200 Guantanamo Bay, Cuba ARMY Guantanamo Bay OCO: High Value Detention Facility ......................................................................... ..................................................... 69,000 0 Poland ARMY Drawsko Pomorski Training Area EDI: Staging Areas ......................................................................... ............................................................................... 17,000 17,000 ARMY Powidz AB EDI: Rail Extension & Railhead .................................................................................. .................................................. 14,000 14,000 ARMY Powidz AB EDI: Ammunition Storage Facility ................................................................................ ................................................. 52,000 52,000 ARMY Powidz AB EDI: Bulk Fuel Storage .......................................................................................... ........................................................ 21,000 21,000 ARMY Zagan Training Area EDI: Rail Extension and Railhead ...................................................................... ........................................................... 6,400 6,400 ARMY Zagan Training Area EDI: Staging Areas .................................................................................... .................................................................... 34,000 34,000 Romania ARMY Mihail Kogalniceanu FOS EDI: Explosives & Ammo Load/Unload Apron .......................................................... ..................................................... 21,651 21,651 Worldwide Unspecified ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .................................................................. ........................................................................... 20,999 20,999 SUBTOTAL ARMY............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 261,250 192,250 NAVY Greece NAVY Souda Bay EDI: Marathi Logistics Support Center ........................................................................... .............................................. 6,200 6,200 NAVY Souda Bay EDI: Joint Mobility Processing Center ........................................................................... ................................................ 41,650 41,650 Italy NAVY Sigonella EDI: P–8A Taxiway ............................................................................................... ......................................................... 66,050 66,050 Spain NAVY Rota EDI: Port Operations Facilities ...................................................................................... ................................................ 21,590 21,590 United Kingdom NAVY Lossiemouth EDI: P–8 Base Improvements .................................................................................... ................................................... 79,130 79,130 Worldwide Unspecified NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .................................................................. ........................................................................... 12,700 12,700 SUBTOTAL NAVY............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................. 227,320 227,320 AIR FORCE Germany AIR FORCE Ramstein AB EDI—KMC DABS-FEV/RH Storage Warehouses ................................................................... .......................................... 119,000 119,000 Norway AIR FORCE Rygge AS EDI—Construct Taxiway ....................................................................................... ........................................................ 13,800 13,800 Slovakia AIR FORCE Malacky AB EDI—Regional Munitions Storage Area ....................................................................... ................................................. 59,000 59,000 United Kingdom AIR FORCE RAF Fairford EDI—Construct DABS-FEV Storage .......................................................................... .................................................... 87,000 87,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3219 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State or Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
AIR FORCE RAF Fairford EDI—Munitions Holding Area .............................................................................. ......................................................... 19,000 19,000 Worldwide Unspecified AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI—Planning & Design Funds .......................................................... ......................................................................... 48,000 48,000 SUBTOTAL AIR FORCE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................... 345,800 345,800 DEFENSE-WIDE Estonia DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Estonia EDI: SOF Training Facility .................................................................... ......................................................................... 9,600 9,600 DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Estonia EDI: SOF Operations Facility .................................................................. ....................................................................... 6,100 6,100 Qatar DEFENSE-WIDE Al Udeid OCO: Trans-Regional Logistics Complex .................................................................... ................................................... 60,000 60,000 Worldwide Unspecified DEFENSE-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .......................................................... ................................................................................... 7,100 7,100 DEFENSE-WIDE Various Worldwide Locations EDI: Planning and Design .............................................................. ............................................................................... 4,250 4,250 SUBTOTAL DEFENSE-WIDE............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................87,050 87,050 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ...................921,420 852,420 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 921,420 852,420 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS. SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Discretionary Summary By Appropriation Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: Energy Programs Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. ..................................................................................................................... 136,090 13 6,090 Atomic Energy Defense Activities National nuclear security administration: Weapons activities ............................................................................................................. .......................................................................................................... 11,017,078 11,017,078  Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 1,862,825 1,862,825 Naval reactors ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 1,788,618 1,788,61 8 Federal salaries and expenses .................................................................................................. .................................................................................................. 422,529 422,529 Total, National nuclear security administration ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................... 15,091,050 15,091,050 Environmental and other defense activities: Defense environmental cleanup .................................................................................................. ................................................................................................. 5,630,217 5,630,217 Other defense activities ....................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 853,300 853,300 Defense nuclear waste disposal ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................. 30,000 0 Total, Environmental & other defense activities ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 6,513,517 6,483,517 Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 21,604,567 21,574,567 Total, Discretionary Funding............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................. 21,740,657 21,710,657 Nuclear Energy Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 136,090 136,090 Total, Nuclear Energy............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 136,090 136,090 Weapons Activities Directed stockpile work Life extension programs and major alterations B61 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 794,049 794,049 W76 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 113,888 0 Split into W76–1 and W76–2 lines ............................................................................................... ............................................................................................ [–113,888 ] W76–1 Life extension program ................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 0 48,888 Complete W76–1 life extension .................................................................................................. ................................................................................................ [48,888 ] W76–2 Warhead modification program ............................................................................................. ................................................................................................... 0 65,000 NPR Implementation ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................................................... [65,000 ] W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 304,285 3 04,285 W80–4 Life extension program ................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 654,766 654,766 IW–1 ........................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 53,0 00 53,000 Total, Life extension programs and major alterations ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................ 1,919,988 1,919,988 Stockpile systems B61 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 64,547 64,547 W76 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 94,300 94,300 W78 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 81,329 81,329 W80 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 80,204 80,204 B83 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 35,082 35,082 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3220 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
W87 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 83,107 83,107 W88 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 180,913 180,913 Total, Stockpile systems............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 619,482 619,482 Weapons dismantlement and disposition Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 56,000 56,000 Stockpile services Production support ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................... 512,916 512, 916 Research and development support ............................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 38,129 38,129 R&D certification and safety ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 216,582 216,582 Management, technology, and production ......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 300,736 300,736 Total, Stockpile services............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 1,068,363 1,068,363 Strategic materials Uranium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................... 87,182 87,182 Plutonium sustainment .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 361,282 361,282 Tritium sustainment ............................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................. 205,275 205,2 75 Lithium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ................................................................................................................. 29,135 29,135 Domestic uranium enrichment .................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 100,704 100,704 Strategic materials sustainment ................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................... 218,794 218,794 Total, Strategic materials............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 1,002,372 1,002,372 Total, Directed stockpile work............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 4,666,205 4,666,205 Research, development, test and evaluation (RDT&E) Science Advanced certification ......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 57,710 57,710 Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................................ ......................................................................................................... 95,057 95,057 Dynamic materials properties ................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 131,000 131,000 Advanced radiography ........................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 32,544 32,544 Secondary assessment technologies .............................................................................................. ....................................................................................................... 77,553 77,553 Academic alliances and partnerships ............................................................................................ ...................................................................................................... 53,364 53,364 Enhanced Capabilities for Subcritical Experiments .............................................................................. ............................................................................................... 117,632 117,632 Total, Science............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 564,860 564,860 Engineering Enhanced surety ................................................................................................................ .................................................................................................................... 43,226 43,2 26 Weapon systems engineering assessment technology ............................................................................... .......................................................................................... 27,536 27,536 Nuclear survivability .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 48,230 48,23 0 Enhanced surveillance .......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 58,375 58,375 Stockpile Responsiveness ....................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 34,000 34,000 Total, Engineering............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 211,367 211,367 Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield Ignition ....................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 22,4 34 22,434 Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 17,397 17,397 Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ............................................................................... ............................................................................................... 51,453 51,453 Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 8,310 8,310 Facility operations and target production ...................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 319,333 319,333 Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................ 418,927 418,927 Advanced simulation and computing 
Advanced simulation and computing .............................................................................................. ..................................................................................................... 656,401 656,401 Construction: 18–D–670, Exascale Class Computer Cooling Equipment, LANL ...................................................................... ......................................................................... 24,000 24,000 18–D–620, Exascale Computing Facility Modernization Project, LLNL .............................................................. ......................................................................... 23,000 23,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 47,000 47,000 Total, Advanced simulation and computing ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................... 703,401 703,401 Advanced manufacturing Additive manufacturing ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 17,447 17,447 Component manufacturing development ............................................................................................ .................................................................................................. 48,477 48,477 Process technology development ................................................................................................. ......................................................................................................... 30,914 30,914 Total, Advanced manufacturing ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................. 96,838 96,838 Total, RDT&E............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 1,995,393 1,995,393 Infrastructure and operations Operations of facilities ....................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................................... 891, 000 891,000 Safety and environmental operations ............................................................................................ ................................................................................................................ 115,000 115,000  Maintenance and repair of facilities ........................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 365,000 365,0 00 Recapitalization: Infrastructure and safety ...................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 431,631 431,631  Capability based investments ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................... 109,057 109,057 Total, Recapitalization............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 540,688 540,688 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3221 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Program increase to address high-priority deferred maintenance Construction: 19–D–670, 138kV Power Transmission System Replacement, NNSS .................................................................... .............................................................................. 6,000 6,000 19–D–660, Lithium Production Capability, Y–12 .................................................................................. .............................................................................................. 19,000 19,000 18–D–650, Tritium Production Capability, SRS ................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 27,000 27,000 17–D–640, U1a Complex Enhancements Project, NNSS ............................................................................... ....................................................................................... 53,000 53,000 16–D–515, Albuquerque complex project .......................................................................................... ................................................................................................... 47,953 47,953 06–D–141 Uranium processing facility Y–12, Oak Ridge, TN ....................................................................... ..................................................................................... 703,000 703,000 04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy research facility replacement project, LANL .................................................. .......................................................................... 235,095 235,095 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 1,091,048 1,091,048 Total, Infrastructure and operations ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................... 3,002,736 3,002,736 Secure transportation asset Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 176,617 17 6,617 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 10 2,022 102,022 Total, Secure transportation asset ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................ 278,639 278,639 Defense nuclear security Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 690,638 690 ,638 Total, Defense nuclear security ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................. 690,638 690,638 Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 221,175 221,175 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 162,292 162,292 Total, Weapons Activities............................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................... 11,017,078 11,017,078 Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs Global material security International nuclear security ................................................................................................. .............................................................................................................. 46,339 46,339 Domestic radiological security ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................. 90,764 90,764 International radiological security ............................................................................................ ............................................................................................................ 59,576 59,576 Nuclear smuggling detection and deterrence ..................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 140,429 140,429 Total, Global material security ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 337,108 337,108 Material management and minimization HEU reactor conversion ......................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................ 98,300 98,300 Nuclear material removal ....................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 32,925 32,925 Material disposition ........................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 200,869 200, 869 Total, Material management & minimization ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................ 332,094 332,094 Nonproliferation and arms control .............................................................................................. ................................................................................................................... 129,703 129, 703 Defense nuclear nonproliferation R&D ........................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 456,095 456,095 Nonproliferation Construction: 18–D–150 Surplus Plutonium Disposition Project ................................................................................. .............................................................................................. 59,000 59,000 99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ...................................................................... ....................................................................................... 220,000 220,000 Total, Nonproliferation construction ............................................................................................................................... ...................................................................................... 279,000 279,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................. 1,534,000 1,534,000 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 28,640 28,640 
Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ......................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 319,185 319,185 Use of prior year balances ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . –19,000 –19,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................... 1,862,825 1,862,825 Naval Reactors Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 5 14,951 514,951 Columbia-Class reactor systems development ..................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 138,000 138,0 00 S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ... 250,000 250,000 Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 525,764 52 5,764 Construction: .................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... .......... 0 19–D–930, KS Overhead Piping ................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................. 10,994 10,994 17–D–911, BL Fire System Upgrade ............................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 13,200 13,200 14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ..................................................................... ................................................................................................. 287,000 287,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 311,194 311,194 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 48,709 48,709 Total, Naval Reactors............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 1,788,618 1,788,618 Federal Salaries And Expenses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3222 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 422,529 422,529 Total, Office Of The Administrator ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 422,529 422,529 Defense Environmental Cleanup Closure sites: Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................... 4,889 4, 889 Richland: River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................................... ............................................................................................................. 89,577 89,577 Central plateau remediation .................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 562,473 5 62,473 Richland community and regulatory support ...................................................................................... .......................................................................................................... 5,121 5,121 Construction: 18–D–404 WESF Modifications and Capsule Storage ................................................................................ ......................................................................................... 1,000 1,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 1,000 1,000 Total, Hanford site............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 658,171 658,171 Office of River Protection: Waste Treatment Immobilization Plant Commissioning ............................................................................. ................................................................................................... 15,000 15,000 Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ............................................................................ ........................................................................................................ 677,460 677,460 Construction: 15–D–409 Low activity waste pretreatment system, ORP ........................................................................... ........................................................................................ 56,053 56,053 01–D–416 A-D WTP Subprojects A-D ............................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 675,000 675,000 01–D–416 E—Pretreatment Facility ............................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 15,000 15,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 746,053 746,053 Total, Office of River protection ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................ 1,438,513 1,438,513 Idaho National Laboratory: SNF stabilization and disposition—2012 ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 17,000 17,000 Solid waste stabilization and disposition ...................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 148,387 148,387 Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... .................................................................................................... 137,739 137,739 Soil and water remediation—2035 ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................... 42,900 42,900 Idaho community and regulatory support ......................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 3,200 3,200 Total, Idaho National Laboratory ............................................................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 349,226 349,226 NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 1,704 1,704 Nuclear facility D & D Separations Process Research Unit ....................................................................... ................................................................................................... 15,000 15,000 Nevada ......................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ... 60,136 60,136 Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 2,600 2,60 0 Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................... 191,629 191, 629 Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................. 271,069 271,069 Oak Ridge Reservation: OR Nuclear facility D & D OR-0041—D&D—Y–12 ............................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 30,214 30,214 OR-0042—D&D—ORNL ............................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 60,007 60,007 Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D ............................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................ 90,221 90,221 U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... ...................................................................................................................... 45,000 45 ,000 OR cleanup and waste disposition OR cleanup and disposition ..................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................ 67,000 67,000 Construction: 
17–D–401 On-site waste disposal facility ....................................................................................... ........................................................................................... 5,000 5,000 14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ................................................................................ ..................................................................................... 11,274 11,274 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 16,274 16,274 Total, OR cleanup and waste disposition ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................. 83,274 83,274 OR community & regulatory support .............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................... 4,711 4,711 OR technology development and deployment ....................................................................................... ......................................................................................................... 3,000 3,000 Total, Oak Ridge Reservation............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................. 226,206 226,206 Savannah River Sites: Nuclear Material Management .................................................................................................... ................................................................................................................... 351,331 351, 331 Environmental Cleanup Environmental Cleanup .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 166,105 166,105 Construction: 18–D–402, Emergency Operations Center .......................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 1,259 1,259 Total, Environmental Cleanup............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................................ 167,364 167,364 SR community and regulatory support ............................................................................................ .............................................................................................................. 4,749 4,749 Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... ........................................................................................... 805,686 805,686 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3223 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Senate Authorized 
Construction: 18–D–401, SDU #8/9 ............................................................................................................. ...................................................................................................... 37,450 37,450 17–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #7 ............................................................................................ ......................................................................................... 41,243 41,243 05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River Site ................................................................... ............................................................................. 65,000 65,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 143,693 143,693 Total, Savannah River site............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................................... 1,472,823 1,472,823 Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................... 220,000 220 ,000 Central characterization project ............................................................................................... ..................................................................................................................... 19,500 19, 500 Critical Infrastructure Repair/Replacement ..................................................................................... .............................................................................................................. 46,695 46,695 Transportation ................................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... 25,500 25,500 Construction: 15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ............................................................... ................................................................................... 84,212 84,212 15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ................................................................................................... ........................................................................................................ 1,000 1,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................................................. 85,212 85,212 Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant ............................................................................................................................... .......................................................................................... 396,907 396,907 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................... ....... 300,000 300,000 Program support ................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ...... 6,979 6,979 Minority Serving Institution Partnership ....................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 6,000  6,000 Safeguards and Security Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................... 14,023  14,023 Paducah ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 15,577 15,577 Portsmouth ..................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 15,078 15,078 Richland/Hanford Site .......................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 86,68 6 86,686 Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ .......................................................................................................................... 183,3 57 183,357 Waste Isolation Pilot Project .................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 6,580 6 ,580 West Valley .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .. 3,133 3,133 Total, Safeguards and Security ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 324,434 324,434 Technology development ......................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... . 25,000 25,000 HQEF-0040—Excess Facilities .................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................ 150 ,000 150,000 Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................................. 5,630,217 5,630,217 Other Defense Activities Environment, health, safety and security Environment, health, safety and security ....................................................................................... ............................................................................................................... 135,194 135,194 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 70 ,653 70,653 Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ............................................................................................................................... .................................................................. 205,847 205,847 Independent enterprise assessments Independent enterprise assessments ............................................................................................. ............................................................................................................... 24,068 24,068 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 52
,702 52,702 Total, Independent enterprise assessments ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................... 76,770 76,770 Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .. 254,378 254,378 Office of Legacy Management Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 140,575  140,575 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 18 ,302 18,302 Total, Office of Legacy Management ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................................... 158,877 158,877 Defense related administrative support Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................ 48, 484 48,484 Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... .......................................................................................................................... 96,79 3 96,793 Project management oversight and Assessments ................................................................................... ...................................................................................................... 8,412 8,412 Total, Defense related administrative support ............................................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 153,689 153,689 Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. ............................................................................................................................. 5, 739 5,739 Subtotal, Other defense activities ............................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................... 855,300 855,300 Rescission of prior year balances (OHA) ........................................................................................ ........................................................................................................................ –2,000 –2,000 Total, Other Defense Activities ............................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................. 853,300 853,300 Defense Nuclear Waste Disposal Yucca mountain and interim storage ............................................................................................. ........................................................................................................................ 30,000 0 Program cut .................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... [–30,000 ] Total, Defense Nuclear Waste Disposal ............................................................................................................................... ................................................................................ 30,000 0 
SA 2283. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3224 June 6, 2018 
year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 910. CLARIFICATION OF CERTAIN RISK AS-SESSMENT REQUIREMENTS OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF IN CONNECTION WITH THE NATIONAL MILITARY STRAT-EGY. 
Section 153(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D)(iii), by striking ‘‘military strategic and operational risks’’ and inserting ‘‘military risk’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘military strategic and operational risks to United States interests and the military strategic and operational risks in executing the National Military Strategy (or update)’’ and inserting ‘‘military strategic risks to United States interests and military risks in executing the National Military Strategy (or update)’’. 
SA 2284. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 423, strike line 8 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 937. JOHN S. MCCAIN STRATEGIC DEFENSE FELLOWS PROGRAM. 
On page 423, line 18, insert ‘‘John S. McCain’’ before ‘‘Strategic Defense Fel-lows’’. 
SA 2285. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1107. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM SCHOLAR-SHIPS AND GRANTS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—Section 2200c of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘In the selection’’ the following: ‘‘(a) C
ENTERS OF ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE IN  C
YBER EDUCATION .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDU-
CATION .—In the selection of a recipient for the award of a scholarship or grant under this chapter, consideration shall be given to whether— ‘‘(1) in the case of a scholarship, the insti-tution of higher education at which the re-cipient pursues a degree is an institution de-scribed in section 371(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a)); and ‘‘(2) in the case of a grant, the recipient is an institution described in such section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of sec-tion 2200c of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2200c. Special considerations in awarding scholarships and grants’’. (2) TABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 112 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 2200c and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘2200c. Special considerations in awarding scholarships and grants.’’. 
SA 2286. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. lll. DEVELOPING INNOVATION AND GROWING THE INTERNET OF THINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS ; SENSE OF CONGRESS .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (A) the Internet of Things refers to the growing number of connected and inter-connected devices; (B) estimates indicate that more than 50,000,000,000 devices will be connected to the internet by 2020; (C) the Internet of Things has the potential to generate trillions of dollars in new eco-nomic activity around the world; (D) businesses across the United States can develop new services and products, improve operations, simplify logistics, cut costs, and pass savings on to consumers by utilizing the Internet of Things and related innovations; (E) the United States leads the world in the development of technologies that sup-port the internet and the United States tech-nology sector is well-positioned to lead in the development of technologies for the Internet of Things; (F) the United States Government can im-plement this technology to better deliver services to the public; and (G) the Senate unanimously passed Senate Resolution 110, 114th Congress, agreed to March 24, 2015, calling for a national strat-egy for the development of the Internet of Things. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that policies governing the Inter-net of Things should maximize the potential and development of the Internet of Things to benefit all stakeholders, including busi-nesses, governments, and consumers. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Communications Com-mission. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (3) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘steer-ing committee’’ means the steering com-mittee established under subsection (c)(5). (4) W
ORKING GROUP .—The term ‘‘working group’’ means the working group convened under subsection (c)(1). (c) F
EDERAL WORKING GROUP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-vene a working group of Federal stake-holders for the purpose of providing rec-ommendations and a report to Congress re-lating to the aspects of the Internet of Things described in paragraph (2). (2) D
UTIES .—The working group shall— (A) identify any Federal regulations, stat-utes, grant practices, budgetary or jurisdic-tional challenges, and other sector-specific policies that are inhibiting, or could inhibit, the development of the Internet of Things; (B) consider policies or programs that en-courage and improve coordination among Federal agencies with jurisdiction over the Internet of Things; (C) consider any findings or recommenda-tions made by the steering committee and, where appropriate, act to implement those recommendations; and (D) examine— (i) how Federal agencies can benefit from utilizing the Internet of Things; (ii) the use of Internet of Things tech-nology by Federal agencies as of the date on which the working group performs the exam-ination; (iii) the preparedness and ability of Fed-eral agencies to adopt Internet of Things technology in the future; and (iv) any additional security measures that Federal agencies may need to take to— (I) safely and securely use the Internet of Things, including measures that ensure the security of critical infrastructure; and (II) enhance the resiliency of Federal sys-tems against cyber threats to the Internet of Things. (3) AGENCY REPRESENTATIVES .—In con- vening the working group under paragraph (1), the Secretary may appoint representa-tives, and shall specifically consider seeking representation, from— (A) the Department of Commerce, includ-ing— (i) the National Telecommunications and Information Administration; (ii) the National Institute of Standards and Technology; and (iii) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; (B) the Department of Transportation; (C) the Department of Homeland Security; (D) the Office of Management and Budget; (E) the National Science Foundation; (F) the Commission; (G) the Federal Trade Commission; (H) the Office of Science and Technology Policy; (I) the Department of Energy; and (J) the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission. (4) N
ONGOVERNMENTAL STAKEHOLDERS .—The working group shall consult with nongovern-mental stakeholders, including— (A) the steering committee; (B) information and communications tech-nology manufacturers, suppliers, service pro-viders, and vendors; (C) subject matter experts representing in-dustrial sectors other than the technology sector that can benefit from the Internet of Things, including the energy, agriculture, and health care sectors; (D) small, medium, and large businesses; (E) think tanks and academia; (F) nonprofit organizations and consumer groups; (G) rural stakeholders; and (H) other stakeholders with relevant exper-tise, as determined by the Secretary. (5) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established within the Department of Commerce a steer-ing committee to advise the working group. (B) D
UTIES .—The steering committee shall advise the working group with respect to— (i) the identification of any Federal regula-tions, statutes, grant practices, programs, budgetary or jurisdictional challenges, and other sector-specific policies that are inhib-iting, or could inhibit, the development of the Internet of Things; (ii) whether adequate spectrum is available to support the growing Internet of Things and what legal or regulatory barriers may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00224 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.032 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3225 June 6, 2018 
exist to providing any spectrum needed in the future; (iii) policies or programs that— (I) promote or are related to the privacy of individuals who use or are affected by the Internet of Things; (II) may enhance the security of the Inter-net of Things, including the security of crit-ical infrastructure; (III) may protect users of the Internet of Things; and (IV) may encourage coordination among Federal agencies with jurisdiction over the Internet of Things; (iv) the opportunities and challenges asso-ciated with the use of Internet of Things technology by small businesses; and (v) any international proceeding, inter-national negotiation, or other international matter affecting the Internet of Things to which the United States is or should be a party. (C) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall ap-point to the steering committee members representing a wide range of stakeholders outside of the Federal Government with ex-pertise relating to the Internet of Things, in-cluding— (i) information and communications tech-nology manufacturers, suppliers, service pro-viders, and vendors; (ii) subject matter experts representing in-dustrial sectors other than the technology sector that can benefit from the Internet of Things, including the energy, agriculture, and health care sectors; (iii) small, medium, and large businesses; (iv) think tanks and academia; (v) nonprofit organizations and consumer groups; (vi) rural stakeholders; and (vii) other stakeholders with relevant ex-pertise, as determined by the Secretary. (D) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the steer-ing committee shall submit to the working group a report that includes any findings made by, or recommendations of, the steer-ing committee. (E) I
NDEPENDENT ADVICE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The steering committee shall set the agenda of the steering com-mittee in carrying out the duties of the steering committee under subparagraph (B). (ii) S
UGGESTIONS .—The working group may suggest topics or items for the steering com-mittee to study and the steering committee shall take those suggestions into consider-ation in carrying out the duties of the steer-ing committee. (iii) R
EPORT .—The steering committee shall ensure that the report submitted under subparagraph (D) is the result of the inde-pendent judgment of the steering committee. (F) T
ERMINATION .—The steering committee shall terminate on the date on which the working group submits the report under paragraph (6) unless, on or before that date, the Secretary files a new charter for the steering committee under section 9(c) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). (6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit to Congress a re-port that includes— (i) the findings and recommendations of the working group with respect to the duties of the working group under paragraph (2); (ii) the report submitted by the steering committee under paragraph (5)(D), as the re-port was received by the working group; (iii) recommendations for action or reasons for inaction, as applicable, with respect to each recommendation made by the steering committee in the report submitted under paragraph (5)(D); and (iv) an accounting of any progress made by Federal agencies to implement recommenda-tions made by the working group or the steering committee. (B) COPY OF REPORT .—The working group shall submit a copy of the report described in subparagraph (A) to— (i) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives; and (iii) any other committee of Congress, upon request to the working group. (d) A
SSESSING SPECTRUM NEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission, in con-sultation with the National Telecommuni-cations and Information Administration, shall issue a notice of inquiry seeking public comment on the current, as of the date of en-actment of this Act, and future spectrum needs of the Internet of Things. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In issuing the notice of inquiry under paragraph (1), the Commission shall seek comments that consider and evaluate— (A) whether adequate spectrum is available to support the growing Internet of Things; (B) what regulatory barriers may exist to providing any needed spectrum for the Inter-net of Things; and (C) what the role of licensed and unlicensed spectrum is and will be in the growth of the Internet of Things. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report summarizing the comments submitted in response to the notice of in-quiry issued under paragraph (1). 
SA 2287. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. NATURAL GAS PRODUCTION, TREAT-MENT, MANAGEMENT, AND USE, FORT KNOX, KENTUCKY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the following: ‘‘§ 4782. Natural gas production, treatment, management, and use, Fort Knox, Kentucky ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army (referred to in this section as the ‘Sec-retary’) may provide, by contract or other-wise, for the production, treatment, manage-ment, and use of natural gas located under Fort Knox, Kentucky, without regard to sec-tion 3 of the Mineral Leasing Act for Ac-quired Lands (30 U.S.C. 352). ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON USES.—Any natural gas produced pursuant to subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) may only be used to support activities and operations at Fort Knox; and ‘‘(2) may not be sold for use elsewhere. ‘‘(c) O
WNERSHIP OF FACILITIES .—The Sec- retary may take ownership of any gas pro-duction and treatment equipment and facili-ties and associated infrastructure from a contractor in accordance with the terms of a contract or other agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(d) NOAPPLICATION ELSEWHERE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority provided by this section applies only with respect to Fort Knox, Kentucky. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section authorizes the production, treat-ment, management, or use of natural gas re-sources underlying any Department of De-fense installation other than Fort Knox. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of the Secretary under this section is effective be-ginning on August 2, 2007.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections of chapter 449 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4782. Natural gas production, treatment, management, and use, Fort Knox, Kentucky.’’. 
SA 2288. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. REVIEW PROCEDURES RELATED TO THE CERTIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 605(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Sections 603’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as so designated— (A) by striking ‘‘the preceding sentence’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘statement to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘statement providing the factual basis to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy of the Small Business Administration (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Chief Counsel’)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2)(A) If the Chief Counsel disagrees with a certification and statement providing the factual basis for the certification published in the Federal Register under paragraph (1) with respect to a proposed rule, the Chief Counsel may, not later than 14 days after the date on which the statement and factual basis were published in the Federal Register, submit to the head of the Federal agency proposing the rule a letter (in this paragraph referred to as an ‘advisement letter’) advis-ing the head of the Federal agency to— ‘‘(i) review the certification and the de-tailed statement submitted by the Chief Counsel under subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(ii) reconsider the certification. ‘‘(B) An advisement letter submitted by the Chief Counsel under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) include a detailed statement of why the Chief Counsel disagreed with the certifi-cation or the statement providing the fac-tual basis received under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) be published on the website of the Of-fice of Advocacy of the Small Business Ad-ministration. ‘‘(C) Not later than 7 days after the date on which the head of a Federal agency receives an advisement letter under subparagraph (A) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00225 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.032 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3226 June 6, 2018 
with respect to a proposed rule, the head of the Federal agency shall— ‘‘(i) publish in the Federal Register and on the website of the Federal agency an ac-knowledgment of receipt of the advisement letter; ‘‘(ii) allow the public comment period for the rule to remain open for a period of not less than 30 days; and ‘‘(iii) if, during the 30-day period described in clause (ii), the head of the Federal agency determines that the certification and state-ment providing the factual basis should be modified, shorten or eliminate the 30-day pe-riod. ‘‘(D)(i) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Chief Counsel submits to the head of a Federal agency an advisement letter under subparagraph (A), the Federal agency shall submit to the Chief Counsel and publish in the Federal Register and on the website of the Federal agency the results of the review and reconsideration. ‘‘(ii) If, after conducting the review and re-consideration under subparagraph (A), the head of the Federal agency determines— ‘‘(I) that there was not a sufficient factual basis to support the certification, the Fed-eral agency shall perform and publish in the Federal Register an initial regulatory flexi-bility analysis under section 603, with an op-portunity for public comment, before pro-mulgating the final rule; ‘‘(II) that the certification was appropriate but the factual basis was inadequate to sup-port the certification, the Federal agency shall revise the factual basis to support the certification; or ‘‘(III) that the certification was appro-priate and the factual basis was adequate to support the certification, the Federal agency may continue with the rule making.’’. (b) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Section 611(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘605(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘605(b)(1)’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘605(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘605(b)(1)’’. 
SA 2289. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. EXPANSION OF PROGRAM OF PER-SONNEL MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY FOR DEFENSE ADVANCED RE-SEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY. 
Section 1599h(b)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘100’’ and inserting ‘‘140’’. 
SA 2290. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. R EED, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. K AINE, Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISAS FOR AF-GHAN ALLIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 602(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended, in the matter preceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘for the first time’’ after ‘‘submitting a petition’’. (b) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .—Section 602(b)(3) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) F
ISCAL YEAR 2019 .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to any un-used balance under subparagraph (F), for fis-cal year 2019, not more than 4,000 principal aliens may be granted special immigrant status under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) P
ERIOD OF EMPLOYMENT .—For pur- poses of this subparagraph, the period of em-ployment referred to in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall end not later than December 31, 2021. ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION .—For purposes of this subparagraph, not later than December 31, 2021, a principal alien seeking special immi-grant status under this subsection shall sub-mit an application to the Chief of Mission.’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) C
ARRY FORWARD .—If the numerical limitation described in subparagraph (A)(i) is not reached for fiscal year 2019, the numer-ical limitation for each subsequent fiscal year shall be established at a number equal to the difference between— ‘‘(i) the numerical limitation described in subparagraph (A)(i); and ‘‘(ii) the number of principal aliens granted special immigrant status under this sub-section during each fiscal year beginning in fiscal year 2019.’’; (3) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘not-withstanding the provisions of paragraph (C),’’; and (4) in subparagraph (F)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and in-serting ‘‘2020;’’; (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and in-serting ‘‘2020;’’; (C) by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subclauses (I) through (III), respec-tively, and indenting appropriately; (D) in the matter preceding subclause (I) (as so redesignated), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—For purposes’’; (E) in the matter preceding clause (ii) (as so designated)— (i) by striking ‘‘exhausted,,’’ and inserting ‘‘exhausted,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘In addition’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In addition’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) U
NUSED VISAS .—Any unused balance under this subparagraph shall be added to the number under subparagraph (A)(i) for use in fiscal year 2019.’’. (c) C
ONVERSION OF PETITIONS .—Section 2 of Public Law 110–242 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by striking subsection (b) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) D
URATION .—The authority under sub-section (a) shall expire on the date on which the numerical limitation specified under sec-tion 1244 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 8 U.S.C. 1157 note) is reached.’’. 
SA 2291. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 144. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON KC–46A AER-IAL REFUELING TANKER EMERGENT REQUIREMENTS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the KC–46A aircraft will serve as the backbone of the Air Force’s critical aerial refueling mission for the next several dec-ades, replacing the aging 1950’s-era KC–135 Stratotanker fleet; (2) the Air Force has provided funding for numerous military construction projects at installations across the country to prepare for the delivery and bed down of the KC–46A aircraft; (3) as the KC–46A program matures and re-quirements become better defined, addi-tional military construction and facilities, sustainment, restoration and modernization (FSRM) funding is likely to be necessary to properly support the fielding of the aircraft, house additional personnel, and meet unfore-seen requirements of the tanker mission; and (4) the Secretary of the Air Force should continue to review and validate new emer-gent requirements and prepare to provide ad-ditional military construction and FSRM funding in its budget request for fiscal year 2020 and future years as needed. 
SA 2292. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 322. REPORT ON AIR FORCE TRAINING RANGE REQUIREMENTS TO AD-DRESS FIFTH GENERATION THREATS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Department of Defense needs to en-sure that air training ranges are properly equipped to prepare pilots for operating in any battlespace where they may have to op-erate. (2) The ongoing development of anti-air-craft technology among near-peer competi-tors of the United States, and the prolifera-tion of that technology to a widening array of potential battlefields, necessitates max-imum preparedness among United States fighter and bomber pilots. (3) Years of focusing on low intensity sta-bility operations and multiple budget cycles under spending caps have resulted in an under capitalization of fifth generation training resources. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the needs of the Air Force to ensure pilots can train against the full range of fifth generation threats at training ranges, in-cluding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00226 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.032 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3227 June 6, 2018 
(1) the need to have threat representative simulators at those training ranges; (2) the plan to meet those needs; (3) the resources required to meet those needs; and (4) the timeline for meeting those needs. 
SA 2293. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2823. RELEASE OF RESTRICTIONS, UNIVER-SITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO. 
(a) R ELEASE .—The Secretary of the Navy may, upon receipt of full consideration as provided in subsection (b), release to the Re-gents of the University of California (in this section referred to as the ‘‘University of California’’) all remaining right, title, and interest of the United States, including re-strictions on use imposed by deed or other-wise and reversionary rights, in and to a par-cel of real property consisting of approxi-mately 495 acres that comprises part of the San Diego campus of the University of Cali-fornia. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consider-ation for the release under subsection (a), the University of California shall provide an amount that is acceptable to the Secretary of the Navy, whether by cash payment, in- kind consideration as described under para-graph (2), or a combination thereof, at such time as the Secretary may require. The con-sideration under this paragraph shall be based on an appraisal approved by the Sec-retary of the value to the Department of the Navy of the restrictions released under sub-section (a), except that in determining the value of such restrictions, there shall be ex-cluded the value of any existing improve-ments to the property made by or on behalf of the University of California and the value of the University of California’s existing rights to the property. (2) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION .—In-kind consid-eration provided by the University of Cali-fornia under paragraph (1) may include goods or services that benefit the Department of the Navy and may take into consideration the value which has accrued to the Depart-ment of the Navy from the San Diego cam-pus of the University of California’s re-search, education, and clinical care activi-ties, as well as the contracts, grants, and other collaborations between the Depart-ment of the Navy and the San Diego campus of the University of California. (3) T
REATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RE -
CEIVED .—Consideration in the form of cash payment received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the sepa-rate fund in the Treasury described in sec-tion 572(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code. (c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF RELEASE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall require the University of California to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environ-mental documentation related to the re-lease, and any other administrative costs re-lated to the release. If amounts are collected from the University of California in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the University of Cali-fornia. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the release under subsection (a) or, if the period of availability of obligations for that appro-priation has expired, to the appropriations of a fund that is currently available to the Sec-retary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real property that is the subject of the release under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey or other documentation satisfactory to both the Secretary of the Navy and the University of California. (e) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—The Sec-retary may amend the conveyance instru-ment to establish a period of applicability of a reversionary interest consistent with con-veyances for educational purposes with the period commencing with the date of the original conveyance. (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary of the Navy may require such additional terms and conditions in connec-tion with the release under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to pro-tect the interests of the United States. 
SA 2294. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title V, add the following: PART II—REFORM OF DISPOSITION OF CHARGES AND CONVENING OF COURTS- MARTIAL FOR CERTAIN OFFENSES UNDER UCMJ 
SEC. 550A. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Military Justice Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 550B. IMPROVEMENT OF DETERMINATIONS ON DISPOSITION OF CHARGES FOR CERTAIN OFFENSES UNDER UCMJ WITH AUTHORIZED MAXIMUM SEN-TENCE OF CONFINEMENT OF MORE THAN ONE YEAR. 
(a) I MPROVEMENT OF DETERMINATIONS .— (1) M
ILITARY DEPARTMENTS .—With respect to charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense specified in subsection (b) and not excluded under subsection (c), the Secretary of De-fense shall require the Secretaries of the military departments to provide as described in subsection (d) for the determinations as follows: (A) Determinations under section 830 of such chapter (article 30 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the preferral of charges. (B) Determinations under section 830 of such chapter (article 30 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the disposition of charges. (C) Determination under section 834 such chapter (article 34 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the referral of charges. (2) HOMELAND SECURITY .—With respect to charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense specified in subsection (b) and not excluded under sub-section(c) against a member of the Coast Guard (when it is not operating as a service in the Navy), the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall provide as described in sub-section (d) for the determinations as follows: (A) Determinations under section 830 of such chapter (article 30(a) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the preferral of charges. (B) Determinations under section 830 of such chapter (article 30 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the disposition of charges. (C) Determination under section 834 such chapter (article 34 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) on the referral of charges. (b) C
OVERED OFFENSES .—An offense speci-fied in this subsection is an offense as fol-lows: (1) An offense under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), for which the maximum punishment authorized under that chapter includes confinement for more than one year. (2) The offense of obstructing justice under section 931b of title 10, United States Code (article 131b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), regardless of the maximum punish-ment authorized under that chapter for such offense. (3) The offense of retaliation for reporting a crime under section 932 of title 10, United States Code (article 132 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), regardless of the max-imum punishment authorized under that chapter for such offense. (4) A conspiracy to commit an offense spec-ified in paragraphs (1) through (3) as punish-able under section 881 of title 10, United States Code (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (5) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in paragraphs (1) through (3) as punishable under section 882 of title 10, United States Code (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (6) An attempt to commit an offense speci-fied in paragraphs (1) through (3) as punish-able under section 880 of title 10, United States Code (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (c) E
XCLUDED OFFENSES .—Subsection (a) does not apply to an offense as follows: (1) An offense under sections 883 through 917 of title 10, United States Code (articles 83 through 117 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (2) An offense under section 933 or 934 of title 10, United States Code (articles 133 and 134 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (3) A conspiracy to commit an offense spec-ified in paragraph (1) or (2) as punishable under section 881 of title 10, United States Code (article 81 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice). (4) A solicitation to commit an offense specified in paragraph (1) or (2) as punishable under section 882 of title 10, United States Code (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice). (5) An attempt to commit an offense speci-fied in paragraph (1) or (2) as punishable under section 880 of title 10, United States Code (article 80 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00227 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.035 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3228 June 6, 2018 
(d) R EQUIREMENTS AND LIMITATIONS .—The disposition of charges covered by subsection (a) shall be subject to the following: (1) The determination whether to prefer such charges or refer such charges to a court-martial for trial, as applicable, shall be made by a commissioned officer of the Armed Forces designated in accordance with regulations prescribed for purposes of this subsection from among commissioned offi-cers of the Armed Forces in grade O–6 or higher who— (A) are available for detail as trial counsel under section 827 of title 10, United States Code (article 27 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice); (B) have significant experience in trials by general or special court-martial; and (C) are outside the chain of command of the member subject to such charges. (2) Upon a determination under paragraph (1) to refer charges to a court-martial for trial, the officer making that determination shall determine whether to refer such charges for trial by a general court-martial convened under section 822 of title 10, United States Code (article 22 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), or a special court-mar-tial convened under section 823 of title 10, United States Code (article 23 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). (3) A determination under paragraph (1) to prefer charges or refer charges to a court- martial for trial, as applicable, shall cover all known offenses, including lesser included offenses. (4) The determination to prefer charges or refer charges to a court-martial for trial, as applicable, under paragraph (1), and the type of court-martial to which to refer under paragraph (2), shall be binding on any appli-cable convening authority for the referral of such charges. (5) The actions of an officer described in paragraph (1) in determining under that paragraph whether or not to prefer charges or refer charges to a court-martial for trial, as applicable, shall be free of unlawful or un-authorized influence or coercion. (6) The determination under paragraph (1) not to refer charges to a general or special court-martial for trial shall not operate to terminate or otherwise alter the authority of commanding officers to refer charges for trial by summary court-martial convened under section 824 of title 10, United States Code (article 24 of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), or to impose non-judicial pun-ishment in connection with the conduct cov-ered by such charges as authorized by sec-tion 815 of title 10, United States Code (arti-cle 15 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). (e) C
ONSTRUCTION WITHCHARGES ON OTHER  O
FFENSES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to alter or affect the preferral, dis-position, or referral authority of charges under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that allege an offense for which the max-imum punishment authorized under that chapter includes confinement for one year or less. (f) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments and the Secretary of Homeland Security (with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy) shall revise policies and procedures as necessary to comply with this section. (2) U
NIFORMITY .—The General Counsel of the Department of Defense and the General Counsel of the Department of Homeland Se-curity shall jointly review the policies and procedures revised under this subsection in order to ensure that any lack of uniformity in policies and procedures, as so revised, among the military departments and the De-partment of Homeland Security does not render unconstitutional any policy or proce-dure, as so revised. (g) MANUAL FOR COURTS -MARTIAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall recommend such changes to the Manual for Courts-Martial as are necessary to ensure compliance with this section. 
SEC. 550C. MODIFICATION OF OFFICERS AUTHOR-IZED TO CONVENE GENERAL AND SPECIAL COURTS-MARTIAL FOR CERTAIN OFFENSES UNDER UCMJ WITH AUTHORIZED MAXIMUM SEN-TENCE OF CONFINEMENT OF MORE THAN ONE YEAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 822 of title 10, United States Code (article 22 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (8) and (9) as paragraphs (9) and (10), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing new paragraph (8): ‘‘(8) with respect to offenses to which sec-tion 550B(a) of the Military Justice Improve-ment Act of 2018 applies, the officers in the offices established pursuant to section 55C(c) of that Act or officers in the grade of O–6 or higher who are assigned such responsibility by the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, or the Commandant of the Coast Guard;’’. (b) N
OEXERCISE BY OFFICERS IN CHAIN OF  C
OMMAND OF ACCUSED OR VICTIM .—Such sec- tion (article) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) An officer specified in subsection (a)(8) may not convene a court-martial under this section if the officer is in the chain of com-mand of the accused or the victim.’’. (c) O
FFICES OF CHIEFS OF STAFF ON COURTS - M
ARTIAL .— (1) O
FFICES REQUIRED .—Each Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces or Commandant speci-fied in paragraph (8) of section 822(a) of title 10, United States Code (article 22(a) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amend-ed by subsection (a), shall establish an office to do the following: (A) To convene general and special courts- martial under sections 822 and 823 of title 10, United States Code (articles 22 and 23 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), pursuant to paragraph (8) of section 822(a) of title 10, United States Code (article 22(a) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), as so amend-ed, with respect to offenses to which section 550B(a) applies. (B) To detail under section 825 of title 10, United States Code (article 25 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), members of courts-martial convened as described in sub-paragraph (A). (2) P
ERSONNEL .—The personnel of each of-fice established under paragraph (1) shall consist of such members of the Armed Forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense, or such members of the Coast Guard or civilian personnel of the Department of Homeland Security, as may be detailed or as-signed to the office by the Chief of Staff or Commandant concerned. The members and personnel so detailed or assigned, as the case may be, shall be detailed or assigned from personnel billets in existence as of the effec-tive date for this Act specified in section 6. 
SEC. 550D. DISCHARGE USING OTHERWISE AU-THORIZED PERSONNEL AND RE-SOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments and the Secretary of Homeland Security (with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy) shall carry out sections 550B and 550C using personnel, funds, and re-sources otherwise authorized by law. (b) NOAUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL PER-
SONNEL OR RESOURCES .—Sections 550B and 550C shall not be construed as authorizations for personnel, personnel billets, or funds for the discharge of the requirements in such sections. 
SEC. 550E. MONITORING AND ASSESSMENT OF MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES BY DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATION, PROSECUTION, AND DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546(c) of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘on the investigation’’ and inserting ‘‘on the following: ‘‘(A) The investigation’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) The implementation and efficacy of sections 550B through 550D of the Military Justice Improvement Act of 2018 and the amendments made by such sections.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’. 
SEC. 550F. EFFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICABILITY .— This part and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to any allegation of charges of an offense specified in subsection (a) of sec-tion 550B, and not excluded under subsection (c) of section 550B, which offense occurs on or after such effective date. (b) R
EVISIONS OF POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—Any revision of policies and proce-dures required of the military departments or the Department of Homeland Security as a result of this Act and the amendments made by this part shall be completed so as to come into effect together with the coming into effect of this part and the amendments made by this part in accordance with sub-section (a). 
SA 2295. Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 10ll. LAND DISPOSAL, FORT DUPONT, DELAWARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law and subject to sub-section (b), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall transfer— (1) all right, title, and interest in and to a parcel of land known as that part of the Original Acquisition (OADE) Tract that in-cludes the bed and banks of the Delaware Branch Channel on the north side of the Fifth Street Bridge, Delaware City, Dela-ware, containing approximately 31.6 acres of land, to the Fort DuPont Redevelopment and Preservation Corporation; and (2) all right, title, and interest in and to the Fifth Street Bridge, together with the land known as that part of the Original Ac-quisition (OADE) Tract that includes the banks and bed of the Delaware Branch Chan-nel, Delaware City, Delaware, containing ap-proximately 0.27 acres of land, to the State of Delaware. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00228 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.034 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3229 June 6, 2018 
(b) C ONDITIONS .— (1) S
TATE APPROVAL .—Before making a transfer under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army shall ensure that the Governor of Delaware agrees to the transfer. (2) T
OLL-FREE BRIDGE .—Before making a transfer under subsection (a)(2), the Gov-ernor of Delaware shall agree to ensure that no toll is imposed for use of the bridge re-ferred to in that subsection, in accordance with section 109 of the River and Harbor Act of 1950 (33 U.S.C. 534). (3) S
URVEY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the land to be transferred under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army and the Governor of Delaware. 
SA 2296. Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. L ANKFORD ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1271. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF F–35 AIRCRAFT TO TURKEY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the United States Govern-ment may not— (1) transfer, or authorize the transfer of, an F–35 aircraft to Turkey; or (2) transfer intellectual property or tech-nical data necessary for or related to any maintenance or support of the F–35 aircraft. (b) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the limitation in subsection (a) upon a written certification to Congress that the Govern-ment of Turkey is not— (1) taking steps to degrade North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) interoper-ability; (2) exposing North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation assets to hostile actors; (3) degrading the general security of North Atlantic Treaty Organization member coun-tries; (4) seeking to import or purchase defense articles from a foreign country with respect to which sanctions are imposed by the United States; or (5) wrongfully or unlawfully detaining one or more United States citizens. 
SA 2297. Mr. VAN HOLLEN sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XXI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. ALLOCATION OF AMOUNTS TO IM-PROVE ACCESS TO FORT MEADE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall allocate not less than $16,500,000 to improve access via ground transportation to the military instal-lation at Fort Meade, Maryland, to support continued growth at the installation due to base closure and realignment activities and the expansion of the east campus of the in-stallation for facilities of the United States Cyber Command. SA 2298. Mr. VAN HOLLEN sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title III, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. PRIORITIZATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS FOR FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, AND MODERNIZATION DEMOLITION. 
The Secretary of the Army shall establish prioritization for demolition within the Fa-cilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Mod-ernization (FSRM) process that focuses on environmental impacts, including the re-moval of contamination, over the cost per square foot. 
SA 2299. Mr. VAN HOLLEN sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT FOR THE NATIONAL CONSORTIUM FOR THE STUDY OF TERRORISM AND RESPONSES TO TERRORISM. 
The Secretary of Defense may, using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense by this Act, pro-vide funds to the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism (START) in order to support pro-grams and activities of the National Consor-tium that contribute to missions and capa-bilities of the Department. 
SA 2300. Mr. VAN HOLLEN sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title III, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. STUDY REGARDING FEASIBILITY OF MAKING IMPROVEMENTS AT MARTIN STATE AIRPORT TO ACCOMMODATE LARGER AIRCRAFT. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall con-duct a study to assess the feasibility of ex-tending the runway and upgrading the air-field at Martin State Airport to accommo-date larger airframes than the A–10 aircraft currently utilizing the airfield and the C–130 aircraft planned to utilize the airfield, for the purpose of giving the Department of De-fense greater flexibility to meet mission and maintain capability within the Maryland Air National Guard. SA 2301. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 316. SECURE ENERGY FOR READINESS AND NATIONAL SECURITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Secretary of Defense James Mattis tes-tified in writing to the Senate Armed Serv-ices Committee in March 2017 that ‘‘climate change can be a driver of instability and the Department of Defense must pay attention to potential adverse impacts generated by this phenomenon.’’ The Department of De-fense must not only prepare for the impacts of climate change, but also implement sus-tainable energy projects to fight climate change and to enhance force readiness and national security. (2) In January 2018, the Department of De-fense released a report detailing the climate change-related risks to military infrastruc-ture. The report found that at least 50 per-cent of military sites worldwide have experi-enced extreme weather impacts like flood-ing, extreme temperatures, wind, drought, and wildfire, which could become more fre-quent and severe due to climate change. (3) Department of Defense Directive 4715.21, Climate Change Adaptation and Resilience, states that the Department of Defense must adapt current and future operations to ad-dress the impacts of climate change in order to maintain an effective and efficient United States military. (4) According to the United States Energy Information Agency, the Department of De-fense accounts for more than 75 percent of all energy consumed by the Federal Govern-ment, and fully 30 percent of Department of Defense energy costs are related to the oper-ation of military installations. The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 in-cluded goals to reduce energy intensity in Federal buildings. (5) The Department of Defense Annual En-ergy Management and Resilience (AEMR) Report Fiscal Year 2016 found that the total percentage of renewable electricity use was 4.8 percent, far short of the 10 percent goal for 2016. It also found that the percentage of new building designs that meet the Federal building energy efficiency standards is 66 percent, far short of the 100 percent goal. (6) The Office of the Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of Defense for Installation Energy has outlined a strategy to— (A) reduce demand for military installa-tion energy through conservation and effi-ciency; (B) expand the supply of distributed (on- site) energy for mission assurance; (C) improve the energy grid and storage re-silience of installations; and (D) leverage advanced technology for en-ergy resource efficiencies and increased secu-rity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00229 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.034 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3230 June 6, 2018 
(7) The rising costs of fossil fuel derived en-ergy will continue to cause budgetary pres-sures on the operation of United States mili-tary bases. (8) The United States Armed Forces have begun to implement important alternative energy projects and energy efficiency pro-grams. However, the Department of Defense needs to do much more to contain energy costs and improve access to reliable and sus-tainable energy sources, including at Air Na-tional Guard facilities. (9) Efficient lighting reduces airfield en-ergy costs, enables backup power to work more efficiently during disruptions to the electrical grid, and the payback periods are short. These projects enable critical func-tions to continue longer in a state of elec-trical emergency. (10) In the face of growing national secu-rity and climate crises, the Air National Guard requires emergency power backup, independent of the power grid, to confront threats from sabotage, cyberattack, ter-rorism, extreme weather, or mechanical fail-ure. Currently, most bases depend on fossil fuel backup generation, and as was evident during Hurricanes Harvey and Irma last year, fuel supplies are likely to be inter-rupted during and immediately after ex-treme weather events and other emergencies. (11) Our Armed Forces require new and more reliable forms of electric backup, in-cluding locally generated solar, wind, or geo-thermal power with an uninterruptible power supply, available instantly whenever other power sources fail. (12) By reducing energy use, generating electrical energy from both solar photo-voltaic panels and wind sources at Air Guard bases, and storing that energy in state-of- the-art batteries, these projects will enhance the continuity of critically important Air Guard functions in times of crisis, including the defense of the homeland. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) D
ISTRIBUTION ELECTRIC UTILITY .—The term ‘‘distribution electric utility’’ means a distribution utility providing retail electric service. (2) G
EOTHERMAL HEATING SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘geothermal heating system’’ means a system that uses the heat from ground water for heating applications. (3) G
EOTHERMAL POWER SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘geothermal power system’’ means— (A) a generator that creates electricity from the heat of ground water; and (B) the accompanying hardware enabling that electricity to flow— (i) onto the electric grid; or (ii) into an uninterruptible power supply. (4) H
IGHER -EFFICIENCY LIGHT BULBS .—The term ‘‘higher-efficiency light bulbs’’ means light bulbs that are more efficient than bulbs currently installed. (5) N
ET METERING .—The term ‘‘net meter-ing’’ refers to a system that allows excess electricity to be sold to a distribution elec-tric utility or transmission electric utility so the Air National Guard customer may ei-ther receive payment or credit on their util-ity bill. (6) P
HOTOVOLTAIC SOLAR ELECTRICITY GEN -
ERATING ARRAY .—The term ‘‘photovoltaic solar electricity generating array’’ means— (A) a generator that creates electricity from light photons; and (B) the accompanying hardware enabling that electricity to flow— (i) onto the electric grid; or (ii) into an uninterruptible power supply. (7) T
RANSMISSION ELECTRIC UTILITY .—The term ‘‘transmission electric utility’’ means a transmission electric utility or market pur-chasing wholesale power from an Air Na-tional Guard installation through a capacity or energy market, power purchase agree-ment, or other means, including sale from a Qualified Facility into a wholesale market under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–617). (8) UNINTERRUPTIBLE POWER SUPPLY .—The term ‘‘uninterruptible power supply’’ means— (A) an uninterruptible power source, uninterruptible power system, continuous power supply, fuel cell, flywheel, or battery backup; or (B) a device which maintains a continuous supply of electric power to connected equip-ment to provide power when distribution electric utility or transmission electric util-ity power is more expensive or is not avail-able. (9) W
IND TURBINE .—The term ‘‘wind tur-bine’’ means— (A) a generator that creates electricity from the kinetic power of wind; and (B) the accompanying hardware enabling that electricity to flow— (i) onto the electric grid; or (ii) into an uninterruptible power supply. (c) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a program— (1) to design and build wind turbines, geo-thermal heating or power systems, and ground or roof mounted fixed-tilt or dual- axis tracked photovoltaic solar electricity generating arrays on Air National Guard properties and host airports, the generated power from which shall be used by the Air National Guard on base or stored in uninterruptible power supplies or sold to a transmission electric utility or through net metering for additional revenue to be used by the Air National Guard or utility energy services contractor as defined in part 41 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (2) to design and install uninterruptible power supplies to mission critical functions of the Air National Guard; and (3) to replace taxiway and other mission critical lighting with higher-efficiency bulbs to maximize energy efficiency. (d) P
ROJECT ELIGIBILITY AND PREFERENCE  C
RITERIA .—In carrying out the program under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall give priority to— (1) eligible projects on Air National Guard bases that can most feasibly be completed by leveraging appropriated amounts from pre-vious years; and (2) eligible projects bringing the total gen-eration capacity from ground and roof mounted photovoltaic solar arrays to at least 1.5 megawatts. (e) A
UTHORIZED APPROPRIATIONS .—There is authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 $5,000,000 for the Secretary of Defense to carry out the program under this section. Such amount shall remain available to be expended through September 30, 2023. (f) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be appropriated by this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Navy, for SAG Base Support and available for Base Support, Information Technology (BSIT) is hereby reduced by $5,000,000. 
SA 2302. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: SEC. 316. FUNDING FOR STUDYING THE HEALTH IMPLICATIONS OF PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES CONTAMINATION IN DRINKING WATER AND PROVIDING BOTTLED WATER TO AFFECTED COMMU-NITIES. 
(a) S TUDY ON HEALTH IMPLICATIONS OF PER- 
ANDPOLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES CONTAMI -
NATION IN DRINKING WATER .— (1) I
NCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL SITES IN  
STUDY .—Section 316(b)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘exposure assessment of not less than 8 cur-rent or former domestic military installa-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘exposure assessment of not less than 16 current or former domestic military installations, including 8 National Guard installations with airports,’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—There is author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense $10,000,000 to carry out activities under section 316 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (b) F
UNDING FOR PROVISION OF BOTTLED  W
ATER TO AFFECTED COMMUNITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act for the ac-counts listed in paragraph (2) are hereby in-creased by such sums as may be necessary to provide bottled water and other clean drink-ing water services the Secretary of Defense determines necessary for communities found to be impacted by per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances contamination resulting from the use of those chemicals by the Department of Defense. (2) A
CCOUNTS .—The accounts referred to in paragraph (1) are as follows: (A) Environmental Restoration, Army. (B) Environmental Restoration, Navy. (C) Environmental Restoration, Air Force. (D) Environmental Restoration, Defense- Wide. (E) Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites. (F) Department of Defense Base Closure Account. (c) H
EALTH REGISTRY .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall establish a health registry to identify and monitor the health effects on members of the Armed Forces and the general public who may have been exposed to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances resulting from releases at mili-tary installations. (2) P
UBLIC INFORMATION CAMPAIGN .—The Di- rector of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense, should develop a public in-formation campaign to inform members of the Armed Forces and the general public of potential exposure to per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances resulting from releases at military installations. (3) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the health registry. (4) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be ap-propriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 $15,000,000 to establish and implement the health registry under this subsection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00230 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.036 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3231 June 6, 2018 
SA 2303. Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 577. ASSISTANCE OF STATES FOR DEPLOY-MENT-RELATED SUPPORT OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES UN-DERGOING DEPLOYMENT AND THEIR FAMILIES BEYOND THE YEL-LOW RIBBON REINTEGRATION PRO-GRAM. 
Section 582 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (k) and (l) as subsections (l) and (m), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (j) the fol-lowing new subsection (k): ‘‘(k) S
UPPORT BEYOND PROGRAM .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall provide funding to States to carry out programs that provide deployment cycle information, services, and referrals to members of the Armed Forces, including members of the regular compo-nents and members of the reserve compo-nents, and the families of such members, throughout the deployment cycle. Such pro-grams may include the provision of access to outreach services, including the following: ‘‘(1) Employment counseling. ‘‘(2) Behavioral health counseling. ‘‘(3) Suicide prevention. ‘‘(4) Housing advocacy. ‘‘(5) Financial counseling. ‘‘(6) Referrals for the receipt of other re-lated services.’’. 
SA 2304. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. GOLD STAR FAMILIES FOREVER STAMP. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) Gold Star mothers and fathers and fam-ilies are true national heroes, who deserve our deepest gratitude and respect; and (2) the extraordinary contribution of Gold Star mothers and fathers and families is be-yond measure, not merely for their loss, but the comfort they selflessly provide others and their model of service and sacrifice. (b) I
NGENERAL .—In order to continue to honor the sacrifices of families who have lost a loved one who was a member of the Armed Forces in combat, the Postmaster General shall provide for the issuance of a forever stamp suitable for that purpose. (c) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘forever stamp’’ means a definitive stamp that— (1) meets the postage required for first- class mail up to 1 ounce in weight; and (2) retains full validity for the purpose de-scribed in paragraph (1) even if the rate of that postage is later increased. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The stamp described in subsection (b) shall be issued beginning as soon as practicable after the date of enact-ment of this Act and shall not thereafter be discontinued. 
SA 2305. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. EXPOSURE TO OPEN BURN PITS AND TOXIC AIRBORNE CHEMICALS AS PART OF PERIODIC HEALTH ASSESS-MENTS AND OTHER PHYSICAL EX-AMINATIONS. 
(a) P ERIODIC HEALTH ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that any periodic health assessment provided to mem-bers of the Armed Forces includes an evalua-tion of whether the member has been— (1) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit was used; or (2) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, in-cluding any information recorded as part of the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. (b) S
EPARATION HISTORY AND PHYSICAL EX-
AMINATIONS .—Section 1145(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Secretary concerned shall ensure that each physical examination of a member under subparagraph (A) includes an assess-ment of whether the member was— ‘‘(i) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit, as defined in subsection (c) of section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note), was used; or ‘‘(ii) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, including any information recorded as part of the registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under such section 201.’’. (c) D
EPLOYMENT ASSESSMENTS .—Section 1074f(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) An assessment of whether the member was— ‘‘(i) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit, as defined in subsection (c) of section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note), was used; or ‘‘(ii) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, including any information recorded as part of the registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under such section 201.’’. (d) S
HARING OF INFORMATION .— (1) DOD–VA.—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly enter into a memorandum of under-standing providing for the sharing by the De-partment of Defense with the Department of Veterans Affairs of the results of covered evaluations regarding the exposure by a member of the Armed Forces to toxic air-borne chemicals. (2) REGISTRY .—If a covered evaluation of a member of the Armed Forces establishes that the member was based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit was used, or the member was exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, the member shall be enrolled in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry, unless the member elects to not so enroll. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry’’ means the registry es-tablished by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). (2) The term ‘‘covered evaluation’’ means— (A) a periodic health assessment conducted in accordance with subsection (a); (B) a separation history and physical ex-amination conducted under section 1145(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section; and (C) a deployment assessment conducted under section 1074f(b)(2) of such title, as amended by this section. (3) The term ‘‘open burn pit’’ has the meaning given that term in section 201(c) of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). 
SA 2306. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 537. CORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS AND DISCHARGE REVIEW MATTERS. 
(a) C ORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS .— (1) U
SE OF SECRETARIAL AUTHORITY .—Para- graph (1) of section 1552(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘shall’’. (2) I
NDEXING OF FINAL DECISIONS OF  
BOARDS .—Paragraph (5) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) Final decisions of boards under this subsection shall be made available to the public in electronic form on a centralized Internet website. Decisions shall be made available in summary form (but may include such other information as the Secretary con-cerned considers appropriate), and shall be indexed and searchable on the website by subject matter. There shall be redacted from any decision so made available all personally identifiable information.’’. (b) I
NDEXING OF FINAL DECISIONS OF BOARDS  
OFREVIEW OF DISCHARGE OR DISMISSAL .—Sec- tion 1553 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) Final decisions of boards of review under this section shall be made available to the public in electronic form on a centralized Internet website. Decisions shall be made available in summary form (but may include such other information as the Secretary con-cerned considers appropriate), and shall be indexed and searchable on the website by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00231 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.036 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3232 June 6, 2018 
subject matter. There shall be redacted from any decision so made available all personally identifiable information.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2019. 
SA 2307. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XXVIII, add the fol-lowing: Subtitle E—Real Property and Facilities Administration 
SEC. 2851. REPORTS ON BUILDINGS AND FACILI-TIES SUBJECT TO EXCEPTIONS TO ACCESSIBILITY STANDARDS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT FOR NEWCONSTRUC -
TION.—Not later than 90 days after the end of each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report list-ing each building or facility for which the Secretary first initiated construction during the fiscal year, or for which the Secretary first entered into a lease for the use of the Secretary during the fiscal year, which is subject to one of the accessibility standard exceptions described in subsection (c). (b) O
NE-TIME REPORT ON CURRENT BUILD-
INGS AND FACILITIES SUBJECT TO EXCEP -
TIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary concerned shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report listing each building or facility constructed or leased by the Secretary during fiscal years 2014 through 2018 which is subject to one of the accessibility standard exceptions described in subsection (c). (c) A
CCESSIBILITY STANDARD EXCEPTIONS  D
ESCRIBED .—The accessibility standard ex-ceptions described in this subsection with re-spect to a building or facility are as follows: (1) The building or facility is leased by the Secretary concerned on a temporary, emer-gency basis for the use of officials providing disaster assistance. (2) The building or facility is located in a foreign country and is constructed in whole or in part with funds provided by the United States, but the Secretary concerned does not control the design criteria and the building or facility is not required to comply with standards under the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4151 et seq.). (3) The building or facility is located in a foreign country and is leased by the Sec-retary concerned. (4) The building or facility is subject to a waiver granted by the Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense who represents the Department of Defense on the United States Access Board. 
SA 2308. Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. SILVER STAR SERVICE BANNER DAY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Congress is committed to honoring the sacrifices of wounded and ill members of the Armed Forces. (2) The Silver Star Service Banner recog-nizes the members of the Armed Forces and veterans who were wounded or became ill while serving in combat for the United States. (3) The sacrifices made by members of the Armed Forces and veterans on behalf of the United States should never be forgotten. (4) May 1 is an appropriate date to des-ignate as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’. (b) D
ESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 146. Silver Star Service Banner Day ‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION .—May 1 is Silver Star Service Banner Day. ‘‘(b) P
ROCLAMATION .—The President is re-quested to issue each year a proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe Silver Star Service Banner Day with appropriate programs, ceremonies, and ac-tivities.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 145 the following: ‘‘146. Silver Star Service Banner Day.’’. 
SA 2309. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 943. REPORT TRANSITION OF FUNCTIONS AND SERVICES OF THE DEFENSE IN-FORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY AND CERTAIN OTHER DEFENSE AGEN-CIES AND FIELD ACTIVITIES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED BEFORE TRANSI -
TION.—The Secretary of Defense may not transfer any functions or services of the De-fense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities specified in subsection (b) to another element of the Department of De-fense until the Secretary submits to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the transfer. (b) C
OVERED DEFENSE AGENCIES AND FIELD A
CTIVITIES .—The Defense Agencies and De-partment of Defense Field Activities speci-fied in this subsection are the following: (1) The Defense Information Systems Agen-cy. (2) Washington Headquarters Services. (3) The Department of Defense Test Re-sources Management Center. (4) Any other Defense Agency or Depart-ment of Defense Field Activity approved or anticipated for transfer during the period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2021. (c) ELEMENTS .—The report on the transfer of functions or services of a Defense Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the functions, services, or both of the Agency or Field Activity to be transferred. (2) A description of the element or ele-ments of the Department to which such func-tions or services are to be transferred. (3) A description of disposition of the re-maining functions or services of the Agency or Field Activity, if any, after such transfer. (4) A comprehensive assessment of the im-pact of the actions described in paragraphs (1) through (3). 
SA 2310. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER AIRCRAFT TO OTHER DE-PARTMENTS FOR WILDFIRE SUP-PRESSION PURPOSES. 
(a) T RANSFER BY DEPARTMENT OF HOME-
LAND SECURITY .—Paragraph (1) of section 1098(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 881) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘of—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘of the seven demilitarized HC–130H aircraft speci-fied in subparagraph (B) to the Secretary of the Air Force.’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (B); and (3) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B). (b) A
IRFORCE ACTIONS .—Paragraph (2) of such section is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘to the Secretary of Agriculture’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘to the Commandant of the Coast Guard who may, without regard to any other provision of law, transfer any such aircraft to a State for firefighting pur-poses.’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘un-less, by reimbursement order’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such modifications’’ in each of clauses (i) and (ii). (c) C
OAST GUARD ACTIONS .—The second sen-tence of paragraph (3) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘under paragraph (2)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to this subsection before the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (d) S
ECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE RE-
TRANSFER OF TRANSFERRED INITIAL SPARES  
AND RELATED EQUIPMENT .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall, acting for the Forest Serv-ice, transfer to the Commandant of the Coast Guard any initial spares and necessary ground support equipment for HC–130H air-craft that were transferred to the Secretary pursuant to section 1098(a)(1)(A)(ii) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 2311. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. F
ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00232 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.039 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3233 June 6, 2018 
appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TERMINATION OF MULTICHANNEL VIDEO PROGRAMMING AND INTER-NET ACCESS SERVICE CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 305A of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3956) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ , 
MULTICHANNEL VIDEO PROGRAMMING , AND 
INTERNET ACCESS ’’ after ‘‘ TELEPHONE ’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘cellular telephone service or telephone exchange service’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial mobile service, telephone exchange service, internet access service, or multichannel video pro-gramming service’’; (3) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘for com-mercial mobile service or telephone ex-change service’’ before ‘‘terminated’’; (4) in subsection (d), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘cellular telephone service’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial mobile service’’; (5) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘For any’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any’’; (B) by striking ‘‘If the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
EINSTATEMENT OF SERVICE .—If the’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
ETURN OF PROVIDER -OWNED EQUIP -
MENT .—If a servicemember terminates a con-tract under subsection (a), the servicemem-ber shall return any provider-owned con-sumer premises equipment to the service provider not later than 10 days after the date on which service is disconnected.’’; and (6) in subsection (g)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4); and (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) The term ‘commercial mobile service’ has the meaning given that term in section 332(d) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(d)). ‘‘(2) The term ‘multichannel video pro-gramming service’ means a subscription video service offered by a multichannel video programming distributor, as that term is de-fined in section 602 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 522), over a system the distributor owns or controls. ‘‘(3) The term ‘provider-owned consumer premises equipment’ means any equipment that a provider of internet access service or multichannel video programming service rents or loans to a customer during the pro-vision of that service, including gateways, routers, cable modems, voice-capable modems, CableCARDs, converters, digital adapters, remote controls, and any other equipment provided.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE HEADING .—The heading for title III of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is amended by striking ‘‘TELEPHONE’’ and in- serting ‘‘COMMUNICATIONS’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to title III and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE III—RENT, INSTALLMENT CON-TRACTS, MORTGAGES, LIENS, ASSIGN-MENT, LEASES, COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE CONTRACTS’’; AND (B) by striking the item relating to section 305A and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 305A. Termination of telephone, mul-tichannel video programming, and internet access service con-tracts.’’. 
SA 2312. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XVII, add the following: 
SEC. 1734. AUTHORITY TO REVIEW TRANS-ACTIONS FOR ECONOMIC EFFECT ON THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2102 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE X—AUTHORITY TO REVIEW TRANS-ACTIONS FOR ECONOMIC EFFECT ON THE UNITED STATES 
‘‘SEC. 1001. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) C
ONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power, whether direct or indirect and whether or not exercised, through the owner-ship of a majority or a dominant minority of the total outstanding voting interest in an entity, representation on the board of direc-tors of an entity, proxy voting on the board of directors of an entity, a special share in the entity, a contractual arrangement with the entity, a formal or informal arrangement to act in concert with an entity, or any other means, to determine, direct, make decisions, or cause decisions to be made, with respect to important matters affecting the entity. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED TRANSACTION .—The term ‘covered transaction’ means any merger, ac-quisition, takeover, or investment, or the es-tablishment of a new entity, by or with any person, that— ‘‘(A) is proposed or pending after the date of the enactment of the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019; and ‘‘(B) could result in foreign control of any person that— ‘‘(i) is engaged in interstate commerce in the United States; and ‘‘(ii)(I) in the case of a transaction involv-ing a state-owned enterprise, is valued at $50,000,000 or more; and ‘‘(II) in the case of any other transaction, is valued at $1,000,000,000 or more. ‘‘(3) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ means an individual or entity. ‘‘(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Commerce. ‘‘(5) S
TATE -OWNED ENTERPRISE .—The term ‘state-owned enterprise’ means— ‘‘(A) an entity that is owned by, controlled by, or under the influence of, a national, pro-vincial, or local government in a foreign country or an agency of such a government; or ‘‘(B) an individual acting under the direc-tion or the influence of a government or agency described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘SEC. 1002. AUTHORITY TO REVIEW TRANS-ACTIONS FOR ECONOMIC EFFECT ON THE UNITED STATES. 
‘‘(a) M ANDATORY NOTIFICATION BY PAR-
TIES.—Each party to a covered transaction shall submit a written notification of the transaction to the Secretary. ‘‘(b) REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receiving written notification of a covered transaction under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) review the transaction to determine the economic effect of the transaction on the United States, based on the factors described in subsection (d); and ‘‘(B) based on the results of the review, take appropriate action under subsection (c) with respect to the transaction. ‘‘(2) U
NILATERAL INITIATION OF REVIEW .— The Secretary may initiate a review under paragraph (1) of a covered transaction for which written notification is not submitted under subsection (a). ‘‘(3) I
NITIATION OF REVIEW BY REQUEST FROM  
CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall initiate a re-view under paragraph (1) of a covered trans-action (determined without regard to the value of the transaction under section 1001(2)(B)(ii)) if the chairperson and the ranking member of the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate or the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives requests the Secretary to review the transaction. ‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION TO UNITED STATES TRADE  
REPRESENTATIVE .—Upon receiving a written notification of a transaction under sub-section (a) or initiating a review of a trans-action under paragraph (2) or (3), as the case may be, the Secretary shall notify the United States Trade Representative. ‘‘(c) A
CTION .— ‘‘(1) A
CTION AFTER INITIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 15 days after receiving a written notification of a transaction under sub-section (a) or initiating a review of a trans-action under paragraph (2) or (3) of sub-section (b), as the case may be, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) approve the transaction; or ‘‘(B) inform the parties to the transaction that the Secretary requires additional time to conduct a more thorough review of the transaction. ‘‘(2) A
CTION AFTER EXTENDED REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), if the Secretary informs the parties to a transaction under paragraph (1)(B) that the Secretary requires additional time to con-duct a more thorough review, the Secretary shall, not later than 45 days after receiving the written notification of the transaction under subsection (a) or initiating a review of the transaction under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (b), as the case may be— ‘‘(i) complete that review; and ‘‘(ii) approve the transaction, prohibit the transaction, or require the parties to the transaction to modify the transaction and resubmit the modified transaction to the Secretary for review under this section. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINE .—The Sec- retary may extend the deadline under sub-paragraph (A) with respect to the review of a transaction by not more than 15 days. ‘‘(3) C
ASES OF INACCURATE OR INADEQUATE  
INFORMATION .—The Secretary may prohibit a transaction under this subsection if the Sec-retary determines that any party to the transaction provides to the Secretary inac-curate or inadequate information in response to inquiries of the Secretary as part of a re-view of the transaction under subsection (b). ‘‘(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF DECISION .— Each decision under this subsection to ap-prove, prohibit, or allow for modification of a transaction, and a justification for each such decision, shall be made available to the public. ‘‘(d) F
ACTORS TO BECONSIDERED .—In tak- ing action with respect to a transaction 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00233 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.037 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3234 June 6, 2018 
under subsection (c), the Secretary shall con-sider any economic factors the Secretary considers relevant, including— ‘‘(1) the long-term strategic economic in-terests of the United States; ‘‘(2) the history of distortive trade prac-tices in each country in which a foreign party to the transaction is domiciled, as in-formed by the report of the United States Trade Representative required by subsection (h); ‘‘(3) control and ownership of each foreign person that is a party to the transaction; ‘‘(4) impact on the domestic industry, tak-ing into consideration any pattern of foreign investment in the domestic industry; and ‘‘(5) any other factors the Secretary con-siders appropriate. ‘‘(e) P
UBLIC COMMENTS .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) make available to the public each written notification of a covered transaction submitted under subsection (a) and notify the public if the Secretary initiates a review under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (b) with respect to a transaction; and ‘‘(2) in the case of a transaction that the Secretary determines under subsection (c)(1)(B) requires additional time for review, provide a period for public comment on the transaction of not more than 10 days. ‘‘(f) C
ONSULTATIONS .—The Secretary shall consult with the heads of such other Federal agencies (or the designees of such heads) in any review under this section as the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate, on the basis of the facts and circumstances of the transaction under review. ‘‘(g) R
EQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE FROM INTER -
NATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION .—The Secretary may request assistance from the United States International Trade Commission with respect to any of the analysis needed to con-duct a review of a transaction under this sec-tion. ‘‘(h) R
EPORT BY UNITED STATES TRADE REP-
RESENTATIVE .—Not later than 10 days after the Secretary receives a written notification of a transaction under subsection (a) or initi-ates a review of a transaction under para-graph (2) or (3) of subsection (b), as the case may be, the United States Trade Representa-tive shall submit to the Secretary a report with respect to the transaction that in-cludes, with respect to any country in which a party to the transaction is domiciled— ‘‘(1) a description of the history of and cur-rent issues affecting the trading relationship between the United States and that country; ‘‘(2) an assessment of the extent to which that trading relationship is reciprocal; and ‘‘(3) information relevant to that country from annual reports of the Office of the United States Trade Representative, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) the National Trade Estimate under section 181(b); ‘‘(B) the report required by section 182 (commonly referred to as the ‘Special 301 Re-port’); and ‘‘(C) the report on trade enforcement prior-ities required by section 310. ‘‘(i) C
OORDINATION WITH COMMITTEE ON  F
OREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED  S
TATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a trans-action undergoing review under this section and section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), the Secretary shall coordinate with the Secretary of the Treasury with respect to those reviews. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF NATIONAL SECURITY CON -
CERNS .—Review of any threat posed by a transaction to the national security of the United States shall be conducted by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States under section 721 of the De-fense Production Act of 1950 and not under this section. ‘‘SEC. 1003. ANNUAL REPORT ON TRANSACTIONS REVIEWED. 
‘‘Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on transactions reviewed under section 1002 that includes— ‘‘(1) a summary of the results of the trans-actions reviewed by the Secretary, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) how many of such reviews were com-pleted in the 15-day period provided for under section 1002(c)(1) and how many of such re-views required longer to complete; and ‘‘(B) how many of such transactions were prohibited; and ‘‘(2) an analysis of foreign direct invest-ment by industrial sectors, by country of in-vestor, and by type of transaction. 
‘‘SEC. 1004. PROHIBITION ON USE OF TAXPAYER DOLLARS TO ENCOURAGE INVEST-MENT IN THE UNITED STATES BY CERTAIN STATE-OWNED ENTER-PRISES. 
‘‘No funds may be obligated or expended in any fiscal year by the head of any Federal agency to encourage investment in the United States by any state-owned enterprise that does not operate according to market considerations. 
‘‘SEC. 1005. CONSISTENCY WITH OBLIGATIONS UNDER INTERNATIONAL AGREE-MENTS. 
‘‘This title shall be applied in a manner consistent with the obligations of the United States under international agreements. 
‘‘SEC. 1006. REGULATIONS. 
‘‘Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the Secretary of Commerce shall issue regulations to carry out this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Trade Act of 1974 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE X—AUTHORITY TO REVIEW TRANSACTIONS FOR ECONOMIC EF-FECT ON THE UNITED STATES ‘‘Sec. 1001. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 1002. Authority to review transactions for economic effect on the United States. ‘‘Sec. 1003. Annual report on transactions reviewed. ‘‘Sec. 1004. Prohibition on use of taxpayer dollars to encourage invest-ment in the United States by certain state-owned enter-prises. ‘‘Sec. 1005. Consistency with obligations under international agree-ments. ‘‘Sec. 1006. Regulations.’’. 
SA 2313. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mrs. F
ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike title XXXV and insert the fol-lowing: TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3501. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation for fiscal year 2019, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, the following amounts for programs as-sociated with maintaining the United States merchant marine: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy, $69,000,000 for Academy operations. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $32,200,000, of which— (A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for the Student Incentive Program; (B) $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended for direct payments to such acad-emies; (C) $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; and (D) $1,800,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance. (3) For expenses necessary to support the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Pro-gram, $300,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended. (4) For expenses necessary to support Mari-time Administration operations and pro-grams, $60,442,000, of which $5,000,000 shall re-main available until expended for port infra-structure development under section 50302 of title 46, United States Code. (5) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $6,000,000, which shall remain avail-able until expended. (6) For expenses necessary to maintain and preserve a United States flag merchant ma-rine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $300,000,000. (7) For expenses necessary for the loan guarantee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $33,000,000, of which— (A) $30,000,000 may be used for the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guarantees under the program; and (B) $3,000,000 may be used for administra-tive expenses relating to loan guarantee commitments under the program. (b) CAPITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT PROGRAM  R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Mari-time Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the sta-tus of unexpended appropriations for capital asset management at the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy, and the plan for ex-pending such appropriations. 
SEC. 3502. CONCURRENT JURISDICTION. 
Notwithstanding any other law, the Sec-retary of Transportation may relinquish, at the Secretary’s discretion, to the State of New York, such measure of legislative juris-diction over the lands constituting the United States Merchant Marine Academy in King’s Point, New York, as is necessary to establish concurrent jurisdiction between the Federal Government and the State of New York. Such partial relinquishment of legislative jurisdiction shall be accom-plished— (1) by filing with the Governor of New York a notice of relinquishment to take ef-fect upon acceptance thereof; or (2) as the laws of that State may provide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00234 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.037 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3235 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 3503. UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY POLICY ON SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT, DATING VIOLENCE, DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE, SEXUAL AS-SAULT, AND STALKING. 
(a) P OLICY ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT , DATING  V
IOLENCE , DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , SEXUAL AS-
SAULT , ANDSTALKING .—Section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and prevention’’ after ‘‘awareness’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C), and subparagraphs (C) through (F) as subparagraphs (E) through (H), respectively; (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) procedures for documenting, tracking, and maintaining the data required to con-duct the annual assessments to determine the effectiveness of the policies, procedures, and training program of the Academy with respect to sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking involving cadets or other Academy personnel, as required by subsection (c);’’; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (C), as redesignated by subparagraph (B), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(D) procedures for investigating sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking involving a cadet or other Academy personnel to deter-mine whether disciplinary action is nec-essary;’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and other Academy personnel’’ after ‘‘ca-dets at the Academy’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A) by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding sexual harassment,’’ after ‘‘sexual assaults, rapes, and other sexual offenses’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than January 15 of each year, the Secretary’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy may implement the amendment to sub-section (b)(2)(A) of section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, made by subsection (a)(2), by updating an existing plan issued pursuant to the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115- 91). 
SEC. 3504. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS FOR THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY SEXUAL ASSAULT PRE-VENTION AND RESPONSE PROGRAM. 
Not later than April 1, 2019, the Maritime Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the progress of the Maritime Administration in implementing and closing each of the rec-ommendations made in the Office of Inspec-tor General’s Report issued March 28, 2018 (ST-2018-039) identifying gaps in the United States Merchant Marine Academy’s Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program. 
SEC. 3505. REPORT ON THE APPLICATION OF THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUS-TICE TO THE UNITED STATES MER-CHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives on the impediments to the application of the Uniform Code of Military Justice at the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (b) CONSULTATION .—The Maritime Adminis-trator may, in preparing the report under subsection (a), consult with the Department of Defense, other Federal agencies, and non- Federal entities, as appropriate. 
SEC. 3506. ELECTRONIC RECORDS ON MARINER AVAILABILITY TO MEET NATIONAL SECURITY NEEDS. 
Section 7502 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall coordinate with the Secretary of Transportation to ensure that, to the extent feasible, electronic records provide information on mariner availability and respective credentials to meet national security needs for credentialed mariners crewing strategic sea-lift vessels.’’. 
SEC. 3507. SMALL SHIPYARD GRANTS. 
Section 54101(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) T
IMING OF GRANT NOTICE .—The Admin-istrator shall post a Notice of Funding Op-portunity regarding grants awarded under this section not more than 15 days after the date of enactment of the appropriations Act for the fiscal year concerned.’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’. 
SEC. 3508. DOMESTIC SHIP RECYCLING FACILI-TIES. 
Section 3502 of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106-398; 54 U.S.C. 308704 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) S
CRAPPING OF IMPORTED VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, domestic ship scrap-ping facilities selected by the Secretary of Transportation in accordance with sub-section (b) may import into the United States, for the purpose of dismantling, ma-rine vessels that contain regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls that are integral to a vessel’s structure, equipment, or sys-tems necessary for its operation. ‘‘(2) N
O TSCA PRIOR AUTHORIZATION RE -
QUIRED .—In lieu of rulemaking by the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under section 6(e) of the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2605(e)), im-ports of vessels containing regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls shall be subject to prior notification and consent in accord-ance with this subsection. ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) C
ONTENTS .—An importer of 1 or more vessels containing regulated levels of poly-chlorinated biphenyls shall submit a notifi-cation to the Environmental Protection Agency not less than 75 days before a vessel is imported into the United States under this subsection. The import notification may cover up to one year of shipments of vessels containing regulated levels of poly-chlorinated biphenyls being sent to the same ship scrapping facility, and shall contain, at a minimum, the following items: ‘‘(i) The name, contact name, address, tele-phone number, email address, and EPA Iden-tification Number (if applicable) of the ship scrapping facility and the recognized trader, if the ship scrapping facility is not the im-porter. ‘‘(ii) The name, contact name, address, telephone number, email address, and EPA Identification Number (if applicable) of each facility where polychlorinated biphenyls or hazardous materials contained on a vessel will be stored and disposed of, including any polychlorinated biphenyls storage or dis-posal facility approved under the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.). ‘‘(iii) The types of polychlorinated biphenyls or polychlorinated biphenyls items expected to be removed from the vessels. ‘‘(iv) The number of vessels proposed for import and maximum tonnage. ‘‘(v) The period of time covered by the im-port notice (not to exceed one year) and the start and end dates of shipment. ‘‘(B) FORM.—Each notice under this para-graph shall be clearly marked ‘PCB Waste Import Notice’ and shall be submitted to the Environmental Protection Agency in such form and manner as the Environmental Pro-tection Agency may require. ‘‘(C) R
EVISED NOTIFICATION .—If an importer wishes to change any of the information specified on the original notification, the im-porter must submit a revised notification, containing notification of the changes, to the Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(4) C
ONSENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An importer shall not import vessels containing regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls until the importer has received consent from the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. ‘‘(B) T
ERMS .—Importers shall only import vessels under the terms of the consent issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency under this paragraph and subject to the condition that the facility shall establish a valid written contract, chain of contracts, or equivalent arrange-ments with other United States facilities, where applicable, to manage the poly-chlorinated biphenyls and hazardous waste expected to be removed from the vessel or vessels. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT TO THE ENVIRONMENTAL PRO -
TECTION AGENCY .—Any ship scrapping facility authorized by this subsection to import ves-sels containing regulated levels of poly-chlorinated biphenyls shall file with the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, not later than April 1 of each year, a report providing, for each vessel imported in accordance with this subsection, the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) The vessel name and approximated tonnage. ‘‘(B) Registration number and flag of the vessel. ‘‘(C) The date of import. ‘‘(D) The types, quantities, and final des-tination of all polychlorinated biphenyls and hazardous waste removed. ‘‘(E) The EPA-issued consent number under which the vessel was imported. ‘‘(6) A
PPLICABLE LAWS .—Once a vessel has been imported pursuant to this subsection, the manufacturing, processing, distribution in commerce, use, and disposal of any poly-chlorinated biphenyls and hazardous waste contained on the vessel shall be carried out in accordance with applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations. ‘‘(7) A
UTHORITY .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency may pro-mulgate additional standards or procedures for the import of ships that contain regu-lated levels of polychlorinated biphenyls and hazardous waste, for the purpose of recy-cling, under this subsection, if— ‘‘(A) the benefits of such additional stand-ards or procedures exceed the costs of those standards or procedures; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00235 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.040 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3236 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(B) not later than 180 days prior to pro-mulgating such additional standards or pro-cedures, the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency submits a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives demonstrating compliance with subpara-graph (A) and the reasons such standards or procedures are necessary; and ‘‘(C) the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency receives the con-currence of the Maritime Administrator on any such additional standards or proce-dures.’’. 
SEC. 3509. SEA YEAR ON CONTRACTED VESSELS. 
Section 51307 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘owned or subsidized by’’ and in-serting ‘‘owned, subsidized by, or contracted with’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) M
ARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM VES-
SELS.—The Secretary shall require an oper-ator of a vessel participating in the Mari-time Security Program under chapter 531 of this title to carry on each Maritime Security Program vessel 2 United States Merchant Marine Academy cadets, if available, on each voyage. ‘‘(c) M
ILITARY SEALIFT COMMAND VES-
SELS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Commander of the Mili-tary Sealift Command shall require an oper-ator of a vessel in the United States Navy’s Military Sealift Command to carry on each such vessel 2 United States Merchant Marine Academy cadets, if available, on each voy-age, if the vessel— ‘‘(A) is flagged in the United States; and ‘‘(B) is rated at 10,000 gross tons or higher. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Commander of the Mili-tary Sealift Command may waive the re-quirement under paragraph (1) at any time if the Commander determines that carrying a cadet from the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy would place an undue burden on the vessel or the operator of the vessel. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION OF OPERATOR .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘operator’ includes a govern-ment operator and a non-government oper-ator. ‘‘(e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed as affecting— ‘‘(1) the discretion of the Secretary to de-termine whether to place a United States Merchant Marine Academy cadet on a vessel; ‘‘(2) the authority of the Coast Guard re-garding a vessel security plan approved under section 70103; or ‘‘(3) the discretion of the master of the ves-sel to ensure the safety of all crew mem-bers.’’. 
SEC. 3510. GAO REPORT ON NATIONAL MARITIME STRATEGY. 
The Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a report on— (1) the key challenges, if any, to ensuring that the United States marine transpor-tation system and merchant marine are suf-ficient to support United States economic and defense needs, as articulated by the Mar-itime Administration, the Committee on the Marine Transportation System, and other stakeholders; (2) the extent to which a national mari-time strategy incorporates desirable charac-teristics of successful national strategies as identified by the Comptroller General, and any key obstacles (as identified by stake-holders) to successfully implementing such strategies; and (3) the extent to which Federal efforts to establish national maritime strategy are du-plicative or fragmented, and if so, the im-pact on United States maritime policy for the future. SEC. 3511. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT ON TITLE XI PROGRAM. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Department of Transportation Office of Inspector General shall— (1) initiate an audit of the financial con-trols and protections included in the policies and procedures of the Department of Trans-portation for approving loan applications for the loan guarantee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code; and (2) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of that audit once the audit is completed. 
SEC. 3512. MULTI-YEAR CONTRACTS. 
Nothing in section 3505 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) may be construed to prohibit the Maritime Administration from entering into a multi-year contract for the procurement of up to 5 new vessels within the National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Program and associated government–fur-nished equipment, subject to the availability of appropriations. 
SEC. 3513. USE OF STATE MARITIME ACADEMY TRAINING VESSELS. 
Section 51504(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) V
ESSEL CAPACITY SHARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the Secretary, acting through the Mari-time Administrator, shall upon consultation with the maritime academies, and to the ex-tent feasible with the consent of the mari-time academies, implement a program of training vessel capacity sharing, requiring maritime academies to share training vessel capacity provided by the Secretary among maritime academies, as necessary to ensure that training needs of each academy are met. ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM OF VESSEL CAPACITY SHAR -
ING.—For purposes of this subsection, a pro-gram of vessel capacity sharing shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) ways to maximize the available un-derway training capacity available in the fleet of training vessels; ‘‘(B) coordinating the dates and duration of training cruises with the academic calendars of maritime academies; ‘‘(C) coordinating academic programs de-signed to be implemented aboard training vessels among maritime academies; and ‘‘(D) identifying ways to minimize costs. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 30 days after the beginning of each fiscal year, the Secretary, acting through the Maritime Ad-ministrator, shall evaluate the vessel capac-ity sharing program under this subsection to determine the optimal utilization of State maritime training vessels, and modify the program as necessary to improve utiliza-tion.’’. SEC. 3514. PERMANENT AUTHORITY OF SEC-RETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO ISSUE VESSEL WAR RISK INSUR-ANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53912 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 539 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 53912. 
SEC. 3515. NAVIGATION SYSTEM STUDY AND RE-PORT. 
(a) S TUDY OF THE GREAT LAKES SYSTEM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a com-prehensive study of the Great Lakes - Saint Lawrence Seaway navigation system (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Great Lakes System’’) that examines the current state of the system and makes recommendations for improvements. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The study— (A) shall examine, with respect to the Great Lakes System— (i) typical cargo routing options; (ii) the cost profile of each route and alter-native routes; (iii) port infrastructure quality; (iv) intermodal connections; (v) competing transportation options, in-cluding air, rail, and ground transportation and their relative market position; (vi) taxes and fees imposed on vessels; (vii) marketing efforts to increase ship-ments; (viii) subsidies provided to the Great Lakes System and to competing cargo transpor-tation systems; (ix) the condition of the docks at each port; (x) United States and Canadian Govern-ment icebreaking capabilities to facilitate commercial shipping; (xi) the maritime safety and marine cas-ualty statistics for commercial vessels transiting the Great Lakes System; and (xii) the condition of vessel navigation in-frastructure (such as channels, locks, jetties, and breakwaters) and efforts to maintain, upgrade, or replace that infrastructure; and (B) shall make recommendations on— (i) the level of additional investment need-ed to improve the Great Lakes System; (ii) any benefits of increased Federal or State investment in the Great Lakes Sys-tem; and (iii) any regulatory or competitive burdens impeding growth of the Great Lakes System. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Co- Chairs of the Great Lakes Task Force of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of the study conducted under this section. 
SEC. 3516. MISCELLANEOUS. 
(a) N ONCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .—Section 3514(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 46 U.S.C. 51318 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than’’; and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
ONCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .—For the purposes of this section, vessels operated by any of the following entities shall not be considered commercial vessels: ‘‘(A) Any entity or agency of the United States. ‘‘(B) The government of a State or terri-tory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00236 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.040 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3237 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(C) Any political subdivision of a State or territory. ‘‘(D) Any other municipal organization.’’. (b) P
ASSENGER RECORDS .—Section 51322(c) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) M
AINTENANCE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT  T
RAINING RECORDS .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall require the owner or operator of a commercial vessel, or the seafarer union for a commercial vessel, to maintain records of sexual assault training for any person re-quired to have such training.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 3134 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  A
DMINISTRATION .—The Secretary of Com-merce may waive this subchapter with re-spect to contracts for the construction, al-teration, or repair of vessels, regardless of the terms of the contracts as to payment or title, when the contract is made under the Act entitled ‘An Act to define the functions and duties of the Coast and Geodetic Survey, and for other purposes’, approved August 6, 1947 (33 U.S.C. 883a et seq.).’’. (d) A
NNUAL PAYMENTS FOR MAINTENANCE  
AND SUPPORT .—Section 51505(b)(2) of title 46 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM .—The amount under para-graph (1) may not be more than $25,000, un-less the academy satisfies section 51506(b) of this title.’’. 
SA 2314. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mr. J ONES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PREVENTING EMERGING THREATS. 
(a) P ROTECTION OF CERTAIN FACILITIES AND  A
SSETS FROMUNMANNED AIRCRAFT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 210G. Protection of certain facilities and assets from unmanned aircraft ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding section 46502 of title 49, United States Code, or any provision of title 18, United States Code, the Secretary and the Attorney General may, for their respective Departments, take, and may authorize personnel of the Department of Homeland Security or the Department of Justice with assigned duties that include safety, security, or protection of personnel, facilities, or assets, to take, such actions de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) that are nec-essary to mitigate the threat (as defined by the Secretary or the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation) that an unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft poses to the safety or se-curity of a covered facility or asset. ‘‘(b) A
CTIONS DESCRIBED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The actions authorized in subsection (a) are the following: ‘‘(A) Detect, identify, monitor, and track the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft, without prior consent, including by means of intercept or other access of a wire communication, an oral communication, or an electronic communication used to control the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(B) Warn the operator of the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft, in-cluding by passive or active, and direct or in-direct physical, electronic, radio, and elec-tromagnetic means. ‘‘(C) Disrupt control of the unmanned air-craft system or unmanned aircraft, without prior consent, including by disabling the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft by intercepting, interfering, or causing interference with wire, oral, electronic, or radio communications used to control the unmanned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft. ‘‘(D) Seize or exercise control of the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft. ‘‘(E) Seize or otherwise confiscate the un-manned aircraft system or unmanned air-craft. ‘‘(F) Use reasonable force to disable, dam-age, or destroy the unmanned aircraft sys-tem or unmanned aircraft. ‘‘(2) REQUIRED COORDINATION .—The Sec-retary and the Attorney General shall de-velop for their respective Departments the actions described in paragraph (1) in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(3) R
ESEARCH , TESTING , TRAINING , AND 
EVALUATION .—The Secretary shall conduct research, testing, training on, and evalua-tion of any equipment, including any elec-tronic equipment, to determine its capa-bility and utility to enable any of the ac-tions described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration when para-graph (3) might affect aviation safety, civil-ian aviation and aerospace operations, or aircraft airworthiness. ‘‘(c) F
ORFEITURE .—Any unmanned aircraft system or unmanned aircraft described in subsection (a) that is seized by the Secretary or the Attorney General is subject to for-feiture to the United States. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, the At-torney General, and the Secretary of Trans-portation may prescribe regulations and shall issue guidance in the respective areas of each Secretary or the Attorney General to carry out this section. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .— ‘‘(A) C
OORDINATION WITH DEPARTMENT OF  
TRANSPORTATION .—The Secretary and the At-torney General shall coordinate the develop-ment of their respective guidance under paragraph (1) with the Secretary of Trans-portation. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT ON AVIATION SAFETY .—The Secretary and the Attorney General shall re-spectively coordinate with the Secretary of Transportation and the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration before issuing any guidance, or otherwise imple-menting this section, if such guidance or im-plementation might affect aviation safety, civilian aviation and aerospace operations, aircraft airworthiness, or the use of airspace. ‘‘(e) P
RIVACY PROTECTION .—The regulations prescribed or guidance issued under sub-section (d) shall ensure that— ‘‘(1) the interception or acquisition of, or access to, communications to or from an un-manned aircraft system under this section is conducted in a manner consistent with the Fourth amendment to the Constitution of the United States and applicable provisions of Federal law; ‘‘(2) communications to or from an un-manned aircraft system are intercepted, ac-quired, or accessed only to the extent nec-essary to support a function of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security or the Depart-ment of Justice; ‘‘(3) records of such communications are not maintained for more than 180 days unless the Secretary or the Attorney General deter-mine that maintenance of such records— ‘‘(A) is necessary to support one or more functions of the Department of Homeland Security or the Department of Justice, re-spectively; or ‘‘(B) is required for a longer period to sup-port a civilian law enforcement agency or by any other applicable statute or regulation; and ‘‘(4) such communications are not disclosed outside the Department of Homeland Secu-rity or the Department of Justice unless the disclosure— ‘‘(A) would fulfill a function of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security or the Depart-ment of Justice, respectively; ‘‘(B) would support the Department of De-fense, another civilian law enforcement agency, or the activities of a regulatory agency of the Federal Government in con-nection with a criminal or civil investiga-tion of, or any regulatory, statutory, or other enforcement action arising out of an action described in subsection (b)(1); or ‘‘(C) is otherwise required by law. ‘‘(f) BUDGET .—The Secretary and the At-torney General shall submit to Congress, as a part of the homeland security or justice budget materials for each fiscal year after fiscal year 2018, a consolidated funding dis-play that identifies the funding source and funding requirements for the actions de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) within the De-partment of Homeland Security or the De-partment of Justice. The funding display shall be in unclassified form, but may con-tain a classified annex. ‘‘(g) S
EMIANNUAL BRIEFINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—On a semiannual basis during the 5-year period beginning 6 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary and the Attorney General shall, respectively, provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees on the activities carried out pursuant to this sec-tion. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each briefing required under paragraph (1) shall be conducted joint-ly with the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(3) C
ONTENT .—Each briefing required under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) policies, programs, and procedures to mitigate or eliminate impacts of such activi-ties to the National Airspace System; ‘‘(B) a description of instances where ac-tions described in subsection (b)(1) have been taken; ‘‘(C) how the Secretary and the Attorney General have informed the public as to the possible use of authorities under this sec-tion; and ‘‘(D) how the Secretary and the Attorney General have engaged with Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies to imple-ment and use such authorities. ‘‘(4) U
NCLASSIFIED FORM .—Each briefing re-quired under paragraph (1) shall be in unclas-sified form, consistent with the needs of law enforcement agencies and national security, but may be accompanied by an additional classified briefing. ‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— ‘‘(1) vest in the Secretary or the Attorney General any authority of the Secretary of Transportation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration under title 49, United States Code; ‘‘(2) vest in the Secretary of Transpor-tation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration any authority of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00237 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.040 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3238 June 6, 2018 
the Secretary or the Attorney General under this title; ‘‘(3) vest in the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity any authority of the Attorney Gen-eral under this title; and ‘‘(4) vest in the Attorney General any au-thority of the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity under this title. ‘‘(i) T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the authority to carry out this section with respect to the covered facilities or assets shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION .—The President may ex-tend by 180 days the termination date de-scribed in paragraph (1) if, not later than 45 days before the termination date described in paragraph (1), the President certifies to Congress that such extension is in the na-tional security interest of the United States. ‘‘(j) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to provide the Secretary or the Attorney General with ad-ditional authorities beyond those described in subsections (a), (b)(1), and (k)(3)(C)(iii). ‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) The term ‘budget’, with respect to a fiscal year, means the budget for that fiscal year that is submitted to Congress by the President under section 1105(a) of title 31. ‘‘(3) The term ‘covered facility or asset’ means any facility or asset that— ‘‘(A) is identified by the Secretary or the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation with respect to potentially impacted airspace, through a risk-based assessment for purposes of this section; ‘‘(B) is located in the United States (in-cluding the territories and possessions, terri-torial seas or navigable waters of the United States); and ‘‘(C) directly relates to— ‘‘(i) a mission authorized to be performed by the Department, consistent with gov-erning statutes, regulations, and orders issued by the Secretary, relating to— ‘‘(I) security operations by the United States Coast Guard and U.S. Customs and Border Protection, including securing facili-ties, aircraft, and authorized vessels, wheth-er moored or underway; ‘‘(II) United States Secret Service protec-tion operations pursuant to sections 3056 and 3056A of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(III) protection of facilities pursuant to section 1315 of title 40, United States Code; ‘‘(ii) a mission authorized to be performed by the Department of Justice, consistent with governing statutes, regulations, and or-ders issued by the Attorney General, relating to— ‘‘(I) personnel protection operations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the United States Marshals Service, including the protection of Federal jurists, court offi-cers, witnesses and other persons in the in-terests of justice, as specified in section 566(e) of title 28, United States Code; ‘‘(II) penal, detention, and correctional op-erations conducted by the Federal Bureau of Prisons considered to be high-risk or as-sessed to be a potential target for unlawful unmanned aircraft activity; or ‘‘(III) protection of the buildings and grounds leased, owned, or operated by or for the Department of Justice identified as es-sential to the function of the Department of Justice, and the provision of security for Federal courts, as specified in section 566(a) of title 28, United States Code; and ‘‘(iii) a mission authorized to be performed by the Department of Homeland Security or the Department of Justice, acting together or separately, consistent with governing statutes, regulations, and orders issued by the Secretary or the Attorney General, re-spectively, relating to— ‘‘(I) National Special Security Events and Special Event Assessment Rating events; ‘‘(II) upon the request of a State’s governor or attorney general, providing support to State, local, or tribal law enforcement to en-sure protection of people and property at mass gatherings, where appropriate and within available resources; ‘‘(III) active Federal law enforcement in-vestigations, emergency responses, or secu-rity operations; or ‘‘(IV) in the event that either the Depart-ment of Homeland Security or the Depart-ment of Justice has identified a national se-curity threat against the United States and the threat could involve unlawful use of an unmanned aircraft, responding to such na-tional security threat. ‘‘(4) The terms ‘electronic communication’, ‘intercept’, ‘oral communication’, and ‘wire communication’ have the meaning given those terms in section 2510 of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(5) The term ‘homeland security or jus-tice budget materials’, with respect to a fis-cal year, means the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary and the Attorney General in support of the budget for that fis-cal year. ‘‘(6) For purposes of subsection (a), the term ‘personnel’ means— ‘‘(A) officers and employees of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security or the Depart-ment of Justice; or ‘‘(B) individuals employed by contractors of the Department of Homeland Security who are subject to the supervision, control, or direction of the respective department and are assigned by that department to per-form the duties described in subsection (a) in accordance with regulations or guidance es-tablished under subsection (d). ‘‘(7) The terms ‘unmanned aircraft’ and ‘unmanned aircraft system’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 40101 note). ‘‘(l) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  A
SSESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue an assessment to the appropriate congressional committees, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) an evaluation of the threat from un-manned aircraft systems to United States critical infrastructure (as defined in this Act) and to domestic large hub airports (as defined in section 40102(a)(29) of title 49, United States Code); ‘‘(B) an evaluation of current Federal and State, local, or tribal law enforcement au-thorities to counter the threat identified in subparagraph (A), including section 99.7 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto; ‘‘(C) an evaluation of the knowledge of, ef-ficiency of, and effectiveness of current pro-cedures and resources available to owners of critical infrastructure and domestic large hub airports when they believe a threat from unmanned aircraft systems is present and what additional actions, if any, the Depart-ment could implement under existing au-thorities to assist these entities to counter the threat identified in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(D) an assessment of what, if any, addi-tional authorities the Department needs to counter the threat identified in subpara-graph (A); and ‘‘(E) an assessment of what, if any, addi-tional research and development the Depart-ment needs to counter the threat identified in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) UNCLASSIFIED FORM .—The report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210F the following : ‘‘Sec. 210G. Protection of certain facilities and assets from unmanned air-craft.’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  E
FFORTS TO HELPPROTECT INDIVIDUALS FROM V
EHICULAR TERRORISM .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘emergency response pro-viders’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101); and (B) the term ‘‘vehicular terrorism’’ means an action that uses automotive transpor-tation to inflict violence and intimidation on individuals for a political purpose. (2) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) assess the threat of vehicular terrorism and activities the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to support emer-gency response providers and the private sec-tor to prevent, mitigate, and respond to ve-hicular terrorism; and (B) based on the assessment conducted under subparagraph (A), brief the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives on— (i) the findings of the assessment; and (ii) a strategy to improve the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security to sup-port emergency response providers and the private sector to prevent, mitigate, and re-spond to the threat of vehicular terrorism. 
SA 2315. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. PROCUREMENT OF TWO ADDITIONAL LITTORAL COMBAT SHIPS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall pro-cure a total of three Littoral Combat Ships pursuant to this Act. 
SA 2316. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00238 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.038 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3239 June 6, 2018 
for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. FEDERAL PAY AND ALLOWANCES FOR MEMBERS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD PERFORMING CERTAIN ACTIVE GUARD AND RESERVE DUTY FROM STATES AGREEING TO REIMBURSE THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT THE COSTS OF SUCH PAY AND ALLOW-ANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 328 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) S
TATE DUTIES IN CONNECTION WITH P
ERFORMANCE OF DUTIES .—(1) A member of the National Guard performing Active Guard and Reserve duty under this section may be ordered by the Governor concerned to per-form additional duties on State Active Duty as authorized by applicable State law. ‘‘(2) A member performing additional du-ties on State Active Duty pursuant to para-graph (1) may be paid pay and allowances for such additional duties by the Federal Gov-ernment as if such additional duties were Federal duty if, at the time the member per-forms such additional duties, there is in force an agreement between the State and the Federal Government for the State to re-imburse the Federal Government for the costs of such pay and allowances.’’. (b) T
RAINING OR OTHER DUTY.—Section 502(f) of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3)(A) A member performing training or other duty under this subsection may be or-dered by the Governor concerned to perform additional duties on State Active Duty as authorized by applicable State law. ‘‘(B) A member performing additional du-ties on State Active Duty pursuant to sub-paragraph (A) may be paid pay and allow-ances for such additional duties by the Fed-eral Government as if such additional duties were Federal duty if, at the time the member performs such additional duties, there is in force an agreement between the State and the Federal Government for the State to re-imburse the Federal Government for the costs of such pay and allowances.’’. 
SA 2317. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. C ORNYN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE MEDAL OF HONOR TO JAMES MEGELLAS FOR ACTS OF VALOR DURING THE BATTLE OF THE BULGE. 
(a) W AIVER OF TIME LIMITATIONS .—Not- withstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with re-spect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the President may award the Medal of Honor under section 3741 of such title to James Megellas, formerly of Fond du Lac, Wis-consin, and currently of Colleyville, Texas, for the acts of valor during World War II de-scribed in subsection (b). (b) ACTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-tions of James Megellas on January 28, 1945, in Herresbach, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge when, as a first lieutenant in the 82d Airborne Division, he led a surprise and devastating attack on a much larger advanc-ing enemy force, killing and capturing a large number and causing others to flee, sin-gle-handedly destroying an attacking Ger-man Mark V tank with two hand-held gre-nades, and then leading his men in clearing and seizing Herresbach. 
SA 2318. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriae place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. AUTHORIZATION FOR POSTHUMOUS AWARD OF THE MEDAL OF HONOR TO DANIEL BUSCH FOR THE ACTS OF VALOR DURING THE BATTLE OF MOGADISHU. 
(a) W AIVER OF TIME LIMITATIONS .—Not- withstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with re-spect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the President may posthumously award the Medal of Honor under section 3741 of such title to Staff Sergeant Daniel Busch, for-merly of Portage, Wisconsin, for the acts of valor during the Battle of Mogadishu de-scribed in subsection (b). (b) A
CTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-tions of Staff Sergeant Daniel Busch on Oc-tober 3 and 4, 1993, in Mogadishu, Somalia, during the Battle of Mogadishu when he gal-lantly defended the crew of a downed MH–60 Black Hawk helicopter against a numeri-cally superior enemy force and was mortally wounded. 
SA 2319. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. REPORTING REQUIREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7131 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e)(1)(A) Not later than March 31 of each calendar year, the Office of Personnel Man-agement, in consultation with the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to each House of Congress a report on the oper-ation of this section during the fiscal year last ending before the start of such calendar year. ‘‘(B) Not later than December 31 of each calendar year, each agency (as defined by section 7103(a)(3)) shall furnish to the Office of Personnel Management the information which such Office requires, with respect to such agency, for purposes of the report which is next due under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) Each report by the Office of Personnel Management under this subsection shall in-clude, with respect to the fiscal year de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), at least the fol-lowing information: ‘‘(A) The total amount of official time granted to employees. ‘‘(B) The average amount of official time expended per bargaining unit employee. ‘‘(C) The specific types of activities or pur-poses for which official time was granted, and the impact which the granting of such official time for such activities or purposes had on agency operations. ‘‘(D) The total number of employees to whom official time was granted, and, of that total, the number who were not engaged in any activities or purposes except activities or purposes involving the use of official time. ‘‘(E) The total amount of compensation (including fringe benefits) afforded to em-ployees in connection with activities or pur-poses for which they were granted official time. ‘‘(F) The total amount of official time spent by employees representing Federal em-ployees who are not union members in mat-ters authorized by this chapter. ‘‘(G) A description of any room or space designated at the agency (or its subcompo-nent) where official time activities will be conducted, including the square footage of any such room or space. ‘‘(3) All information included in a report by the Office of Personnel Management under this subsection with respect to a fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be shown both agency-by-agency and for all agencies; and ‘‘(B) shall be accompanied by the cor-responding information (submitted by the Office in its report under this subsection) for the fiscal year before the fiscal year to which such report pertains, together with appro-priate comparisons and analyses. ‘‘(4) For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘official time’ means any period of time, regardless of agency nomenclature— ‘‘(A) which may be granted to an employee under this chapter (including a collective bargaining agreement entered into under this chapter) to perform representational or consultative functions; and ‘‘(B) during which the employee would oth-erwise be in a duty status.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall be effective beginning with the report which, under the provisions of such amendment, is first required to be submitted by the Office of Personnel Man-agement to each House of Congress by a date which occurs at least 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2320. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00239 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.041 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3240 June 6, 2018 
appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title III, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CLOSE AIR NATIONAL GUARD TRAIN-ING RANGES. 
No funds may be used to proceed with plans for closure, transfer, transition, down-grade, or consolidation of any Air National Guard range until at least 30 days after the Department of Defense submits to the con-gressional defense committees a plan for the impacted range or ranges that includes the following: (1) A description of total usage rates for the range or ranges from all services and United States Special Operations Command users, including active, Guard, and Reserve forces. (2) An assessment of the impact of all new mission demands that will require the use of and access to Air National Guard ranges. (3) An assessment of the ability of the re-maining ranges to absorb the demands of ad-ditional training requirements as a result of range closure. (4) A cost analysis of increased annual training costs incurred as a result of divert-ing sorties to ranges further from those ranges currently in use. (5) A full inventory of all tactical, elec-tronic, and support equipment and vehicles on each range, by range, and a detailed dis-position timeline for execution. (6) If plan execution requires the modifica-tion of assigned personnel or force structure, a report on what will happen to the people in the losing billets and any impacts a proposed force structure change will have on sched-uling flexibility. (7) If the Air National Guard plans to transfer a range to another service, the plan must also include a timeline for transition and details of the transfer, including funding changes, decision authorities for transfer, and written commitment from decision au-thority of the gaining service that they are resourced to take on new mission and are prepared to support range operations and ca-pabilities. 
SA 2321. Mr. COTTON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ELIMINATION OF SEQUESTRATION. 
The Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 251(a) (2 U.S.C. 901(a))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Within’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year begin-ning before October 1, 2018, within’’; (B) in paragraph (4), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘be-ginning before October 1, 2018’’ after ‘‘fiscal year’’; (C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘If’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year beginning be-fore October 1, 2018, if’’; and (D) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year beginning before October 1, 2018’’ after ‘‘any discretionary appropriation’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), in the first sen-tence, by inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year begin-ning before October 1, 2018’’ after ‘‘any dis-cretionary appropriation’’; and (2) in section 254 (2 U.S.C. 904)— (A) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; (B) in subsection (f)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (C) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘If’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year beginning be-fore October 1, 2018, if’’. SA 2322. Mrs. M CCASKILL (for her-self and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. FIRE-RETARDANT MATERIALS. 
Section 3503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3503. Fire-retardant materials ‘‘(a)(1) A passenger vessel of the United States having berth or stateroom accom-modations for at least 50 passengers shall be granted a certificate of inspection only if— ‘‘(A) the vessel is constructed of fire-re-tardant materials; and ‘‘(B) the vessel— ‘‘(i) is operating engines, boilers, main electrical distribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators that meet current Coast Guard regulations; and ‘‘(ii) is operating boilers and main elec-trical generators that are contained within noncombustible enclosures equipped with fire suppression systems. ‘‘(2) Before December 1, 2028, this sub-section does not apply to any vessel in oper-ation before January 1, 1968, and operating only within the Boundary Line. ‘‘(b)(1) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) shall— ‘‘(A) notify in writing prospective pas-sengers, prior to purchase, and each crew member that the vessel does not comply with applicable fire safety standards due pri-marily to the wooden construction of pas-senger berthing areas; ‘‘(B) display in clearly legible font promi-nently throughout the vessel, including in each state room the following: ‘THIS VES-SEL FAILS TO COMPLY WITH SAFETY RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE U.S. COAST GUARD.’; ‘‘(C) acquire prior to the vessel entering service, and maintain, liability insurance in an amount to be prescribed by the Federal Maritime Commission; ‘‘(D) make annual structural alteration to not less than 10 percent of the areas of the vessel that are not constructed of fire retard-ant materials; ‘‘(E) prioritize alterations in galleys, engi-neering areas of the vessel, including all spaces and compartments containing, or ad-jacent to spaces and compartments con-taining, engines, boilers, main electrical dis-tribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators; ‘‘(F) ensure, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary, that the combustible fire-load has been reduced pursuant to subparagraph (D) during each annual inspection for certifi-cation; ‘‘(G) ensure the vessel has multiple forms of egress off the vessel’s bow and stern; ‘‘(H) provide advance notice to the Coast Guard regarding the structural alterations made pursuant to subparagraph (D) and com-ply with any noncombustible material re-quirements prescribed by the Coast Guard; ‘‘(I) annually notify all ports of call and State emergency management offices of ju-risdiction that the vessel does not comply with the requirement under subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(J) provide crewmembers manning such vessel shipboard training that— ‘‘(i) is specialized for exempted vessels; ‘‘(ii) exceeds requirements related to standards for firefighting training under chapter I of title 46, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as in effect on October 1, 2017; and ‘‘(iii) is approved by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(K) to the extent practicable, take all steps to retain previously trained crew knowledgeable of such vessel or to hire crew trained in operations aboard exempted ves-sels. ‘‘(2) The owner or managing operator of an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) may not disclaim liability to a pas-senger or crew member of such vessel for death, injury, or any other loss caused by fire due to the negligence of the owner or managing operator. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) conduct an annual audit and inspec-tion of each exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2); ‘‘(B) in implementing subparagraph (b)(1)(F), consider, to the extent practicable, the goal of preservation of the historic integ-rity of such vessel in areas carrying or acces-sible to passengers or generally visible to the public; and ‘‘(C) prescribe regulations to carry out this section, including to prescribe the manner in which prospective passengers are to be noti-fied under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(4) The penalties provided in section 3504(c) of this title shall apply to a violation of this subsection. ‘‘(c) In addition to otherwise applicable penalties, the Secretary may immediately withdraw a certificate of inspection for an exempted vessel described in subsection (a)(2) that does not comply with any require-ment under subsection (b).’’. 
SA 2323. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM ON COMMUNITY CARE COORDINATION AND SUP-PORTIVE SERVICES FOR FAMILIES OF VETERANS AND MEMBERS OF RE-SERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO LACK ADE-QUATE ACCESS TO SERVICES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—Com- mencing not later than one year after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00240 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.041 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3241 June 6, 2018 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall, after con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, carry out a pilot program with community partners to assess the feasibility and advis-ability of providing intensive community care coordination and supportive services to covered families who lack adequate access to services furnished by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs or other entities of Federal, State, and local governments. (b) C
OMMUNITY CARE COORDINATION AND  S
UPPORTIVE SERVICES DESCRIBED .—For pur- poses of the pilot program, intensive commu-nity care coordination and supportive serv-ices are services provided by a community partner to improve the well-being and ad-dress the needs of covered families who live in rural or underserved areas or who other-wise lack access to adequate services fur-nished by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, the Federal Government, or State and local governments. Intensive community care coordination and supportive services may include the following: (1) Care coordination and case manage-ment services. (2) Outreach services. (3) Assistance in obtaining any benefits from the Department which the veteran (or member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces) may be eligible to receive, in-cluding the following: (A) Vocational and rehabilitation coun-seling. (B) Employment and training services. (C) Educational assistance. (D) Health care services. (4) Assistance in obtaining and coordi-nating the provision of other public benefits or available services provided by the Federal Government, State or local governments, or other community partners, including the fol-lowing: (A) Marriage counseling. (B) Services for children. (C) Suicide prevention. (D) Substance abuse awareness and treat-ment. (E) Mental health awareness and treat-ment. (F) Financial counseling. (G) Employment assistance. (H) Transportation services. (I) Child care. (J) Housing counseling. (K) Preparing and updating family care plans. (L) Development of strategies for living with a veteran with post traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury. (M) Accessing emergency financial assist-ance through philanthropic efforts. (N) Such other services as may be appro-priate to improve the well-being and address the unique needs of veterans families who live in rural or underserved areas or other-wise lack access to adequate services fur-nished by the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, the Federal Government, or State and local governments. (5) Providing direct services, described in paragraph (4), that are necessary to address the needs of the covered families but are oth-erwise unavailable through existing public or private programs. (c) A
GREEMENTS AND GRANTS .— (1) A
GREEMENTS .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall carry out the pilot pro-gram by entering into partnership agree-ments with community partners to provide intensive community care coordination and supportive services. (2) G
RANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, using a competitive and merit-based process, award grants to community partners with whom the Secretary has entered into agree-ments under paragraph (1). (B) USE OF FUNDS .—The amounts of grants awarded under subparagraph (A) shall be used to provide intensive community care coordination and supportive services under the pilot program and to assess service deliv-ery efficiencies. (C) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary may award grants under subparagraph (A) on an indi-vidual location basis and may award grants for the provision of certain services at loca-tions that also provide other services. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs to carry out the pilot program $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 340 days before the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the pilot program. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) The number of covered families served under the pilot program. (B) The number of covered families who re-ceived service linkages or referrals under the pilot program. (C) A description and assessment of the ef-fectiveness and achievements of the pilot program with respect to services and treat-ments and mitigation of risks, including risks relating to homelessness, unemploy-ment, and suicide. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OMMUNITY PARTNER .—The term ‘‘com-munity partner’’ means a private nonprofit organization. (2) C
OVERED FAMILY .—The term ‘‘covered family’’ means a family with respect to which the head of the household or the spouse of the head of the household is a vet-eran or a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces. A family that consists of a single individual who is a veteran or a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces shall be considered a covered family. 
SA 2324. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 598. TRANSPORTATION OF REMAINS OF CAS-UALTIES; TRAVEL EXPENSES FOR NEXT OF KIN. 
(a) T RANSPORTATION FOR REMAINS OF A  M
EMBER WHODIESNOT IN A THEATER OF COM-
BAT OPERATIONS .—Section 562 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 1482 note) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
DYING IN A  
THEATER OF COMBAT OPERATIONS ’’; and (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in a com-bat theater of operations’’ and inserting ‘‘outside of the United States’’. (b) T
RANSPORTATION FOR FAMILY .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall revise Department of Defense Instruction 1300.18 to extend travel privileges via Invitational Travel Authoriza-tion to family members of members of the Armed Forces who die outside of the United States and whose remains are returned to the United States through the mortuary fa-cility at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware. SA 2325. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 7ll. PROVISION OF BEHAVIORAL HEALTH READINESS SERVICES TO CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RE-SERVE BASED ON NEED. 
(a) P ROVISION AUTHORIZED .—Section 1074a(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may also pro-vide to any member of the Selected Reserve not described in subsection (d)(1) or (f) care for behavioral health conditions if the Sec-retary determines, based on the most recent medical exam or mental health assessment of such member, that the receipt of such care by such member will ensure that such mem-ber meets applicable standards of medical readiness.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Subject to applicable provi-sions of appropriations Acts, amounts avail-able to the Department of Defense for the Defense Health Program shall be available for the provision of behavioral health serv-ices under section 1074a(g) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a). (c) B
UDGETING FOR HEALTH CARE.—In deter- mining the amounts to be required for be-havioral health services for members of the Selected Reserve under section 1074a(g) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), for purposes of the budget of the President for fiscal years after fiscal year 2019, as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs shall consult with appropriate officials having responsibility for the admin-istration of the reserve components of the Armed Forces, including the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau with respect to the Na-tional Guard. 
SA 2326. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. IMPROVEMENT OF AUTHORITY ON LAN-GUAGE TRAINING CENTERS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 529 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 2001 note 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00241 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.042 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3242 June 6, 2018 
prec.) is amended by striking ‘‘may carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘shall carry out’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-tion is further amended by striking ‘‘author-ized by subsection (a)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘required by subsection (a)’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment of Defense, $10,000,000 to carry out the program of language training centers re-quired by section 529 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, as amended by subsection (a). 
SA 2327. Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OONS , and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. NATIONAL ECONOMIC SECURITY STRATEGY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the national security of the United States depends in large part on a vibrant, growing, and secure United States economy; (2) the United States confronts more inter-national economic competition and threats today than at any time in the Nation’s his-tory; (3) a failure of the United States to com-pete economically will undermine the pros-perity and security of the people of the United States; (4) the United States is stronger when the national security strategy integrates eco-nomic tools in the service of foreign policy objectives; (5) it is in the national security and eco-nomic interests of the United States— (A) to promote free, fair, and reciprocal economic relationships between the United States and foreign individuals and entities; (B) to promote and protect the United States innovation base, including the defense industrial base; (C) to ensure that the United States leads in research, technology, and innovation; (D) to counter anticompetitive economic behavior, policies, and strategies by foreign individuals and entities; (E) to promote environmental stewardship; and (F) to ensure workers and families in the United States have the opportunity to thrive with competitive wages and are not unfairly disadvantaged; (6) the Federal Government has a limited, but important, role in facilitating the ability of the United States to compete successfully in the international economic competition described in paragraph (2); and (7) the Federal Government should periodi-cally produce a national economic security strategy— (A) to ensure Federal policies, statutes, regulations, procedures, data gathering, and assessment practices are optimally designed and implemented to facilitate the competi-tiveness, prosperity, and security of the United States; and (B) maximally advance economic oppor-tunity for present and future generations of United States citizens. (b) STRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
NITIAL STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President, in coordination with the National Security Council and the National Economic Council and the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port setting forth a national economic secu-rity strategy of the United States to support the national security strategy for 2017. (2) S
UBSEQUENT STRATEGIES .—Beginning in 2021, the President, in coordination with the National Security Council and the National Economic Council and the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a na-tional economic security strategy— (A) in any year in which a new President is inaugurated, not later than October 1 of that year; and (B) in any other year, not later than 90 days after the transmission to Congress in that year of the national security strategy. (c) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by subsection (b) shall set forth a national eco-nomic security strategy of the United States and shall, at a minimum, include the fol-lowing: (1) An assessment of the global competi-tive position of key United States economic sectors, including strengths, weaknesses, op-portunities, and threats. (2) An assessment of the national debt and its implications for the economic and na-tional security of the United States. (3) A description and discussion of the prioritized economic security interests and objectives of the United States, including key economic sectors vital to economic secu-rity of the United States. (4) A description of the leading threats, challenges, and opportunities associated with the interests and objectives described in paragraph (3), including— (A) an assessment of the severity and like-lihood of the threats, both foreign and do-mestic, and an explicit linking of each such threat to a national interest or objective; (B) an assessment of the nature of the challenges and how each challenge will evolve if left unaddressed; and (C) an assessment of the opportunities and associated potential benefits to United States interests or objectives. (5) An overview of the public and private sector tools necessary to address or mini-mize the leading threats and challenges de-scribed in paragraph (4) and to take advan-tage of the leading opportunities described in that paragraph. (6) An assessment of whether the United States Government or private sector pos-sesses those tools. (7) For each such threat, challenge, or op-portunity that the United States Govern-ment or private sector lack sufficient tools to address, minimize, or take advantage of, a detailed plan to develop, improve, or foster those tools. (8) A plan to utilize available tools to ad-dress or minimize the leading threats and challenges and to take advantage of the lead-ing opportunities, including— (A) a discussion of the optimal allocation of finite resources and an identification of the risks associated with that allocation; (B) specific objectives, tasks, metrics, and milestones for each relevant Federal agency; (C) specific plans to eliminate obstacles for the private sector in areas supportive of the national economic security strategy and to maximize the prudent use of public-private partnerships; (D) specific plans to eliminate obstacles to strengthening United States energy security, sustainability, and resilience in areas sup-portive of the national economic security strategy, including energy diversity and sus-tainable management and use of energy re-sources; (E) specific plans to promote environ-mental stewardship and fair competition for United States workers; (F) a description of— (i) how the national economic security strategy supports the national security strategy; and (ii) how the national economic security strategy is integrated and coordinated with the most recent national defense strategy under section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code; (G) a plan to encourage the governments of countries that are allies or partners of the United States to cooperate with the execu-tion of the national economic security strat-egy, where appropriate; and (H) a plan to encourage certain inter-national and multilateral organizations to support the implementation of the national economic security strategy. (9) An identification of any additional re-sources or statutory authorizations nec-essary to implement the national economic security strategy. (d) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Fi-nance, and the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives. (2) N
ATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY .—The term ‘‘national security strategy’’ means the national security strategy required by sec-tion 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043). 
SA 2328. Mr. BURR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR NOTI-FICATION ON THE PROVISION OF DEFENSE SENSITIVE SUPPORT. 
Section 1055 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is hereby re-pealed. 
SA 2329. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00242 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.042 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3243 June 6, 2018 
MERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle H—Matters Relating to Burma 
SEC. 1281. LIMITATION ON SECURITY ASSIST-ANCE AND SECURITY COOPERATION. 
(a) L IMITATION ON MILITARY AND SECURITY  S
ECTOR COOPERATION .—Except as provided in subsection (b), during the 8-year period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States may not provide any security assistance or engage in any security cooperation with the military or security forces of Burma until the date on which the Secretary of State certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees with re-spect to security assistance, as such term is defined in section 502B(d) of the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2304(d)), and, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, with respect to security cooperation pro-grams and activities of the Department of Defense, as such term is defined in section 301 of title 10, United States Code, that the military and security forces of Burma have demonstrated significant progress in abiding by international human rights standards and are undertaking meaningful and significant security sector reform, including reforms that enhance transparency and account-ability, to prevent future abuses, such as the following: (1) The Burmese military and security forces adhere to international humanitarian law, demonstrate significant progress in abiding by international standards for human rights, and pledge to stop future human rights abuses. (2) The Burmese military and security forces support efforts to carry out meaning-ful and comprehensive investigations of al-leged abuses and are taking steps to hold ac-countable those members of such military and security forces responsible for human rights abuses. (3) The Government of Burma, including the military and security forces, allow im-mediate and unfettered humanitarian access to communities in areas affected by conflict, including Rohingya communities in the State of Rakhine. (4) The Government of Burma, including the military and security forces, cooperates with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and organizations affiliated with the United Nations to ensure the pro-tection of displaced persons and the safe, vol-untary, and dignified return of refugees and internally displaced persons. (5) The Burmese military and security forces cease their attacks against ethnic mi-nority groups and constructively participate in the conclusion of a credible, nationwide ceasefire agreement, political accommoda-tion, and constitutional change, including the restoration of the citizenship of the Rohingya. (6) The Government of Burma, including the military and security forces, defines a transparent plan with a timeline for profes-sionalizing the military and security forces and includes a process by which the military withdraws from private-sector business en-terprises and ceases involvement in the ille-gal trade in natural resources and narcotics. (7) The Government of Burma establishes effective civilian control over the finances of its military and security forces, including by ensuring that the military does not have ac-cess to off-budget income and that military expenditures are subject to adequate civilian oversight. (b) EXCEPTIONS .— (1) C
ERTAIN EXISTING AUTHORITIES .—The Secretary of Defense shall retain the author-ity to conduct consultations with Burma pursuant to the authorization under section 1253 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note). (2) H
OSPITALITY .—The Secretary of State and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development may provide assist-ance authorized under part I of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) to provide hospitality during research, dia-logues, meetings, or other activities by the parties attending the Union Peace Con-ference 21st Century Panglong or related processes seeking inclusive, sustainable rec-onciliation. (c) M
ILITARY REFORM .—The certification required under subsection (a) shall include a written justification in unclassified form that may contain a classified annex describ-ing the efforts of the Burmese military to implement reforms, end impunity for human rights abuses, and increase transparency and accountability. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of De-fense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report, in unclassified form with a classi-fied annex, on the strategy and plans for military-to-military engagement between the United States Armed Forces and the military and security forces of Burma. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description and assessment of the strategy of the Government of Burma for se-curity sector reform, including plans to withdraw the military from owning or con-trolling private-sector business entities and end involvement in the illicit trade in jade and other natural resources, reforms to end corruption and illicit drug trafficking, and constitutional reforms to ensure civilian control. (B) A list of ongoing military activities conducted by the United States Government with the Government of Burma, and a de-scription of the United States strategy for future military-to-military engagements be-tween the United States and Burma’s mili-tary and security forces, including the mili-tary of Burma, the Burma Police Force, and armed ethnic groups. (C) An assessment of the progress of the military and security forces of Burma to-wards developing a framework to implement human right reforms, including— (i) cooperation with civilian authorities to investigate and prosecute cases of serious, credible, or gross human rights abuses; (ii) steps taken to demonstrate respect for and implementation of the laws of war; and (iii) a description of the elements of the military-to-military engagement between the United States and Burma that promote such implementation. (D) An assessment of progress on the peaceful settlement of armed conflicts be-tween the Government of Burma and ethnic minority groups, including actions taken by the military of Burma to adhere to cease-fire agreements, allow for safe and voluntary re-turns of displaced persons to their homes, and withdraw forces from conflict zones. (E) An assessment of the recruitment and use, by the Burmese military, of children as soldiers. (F) An assessment of the use, by the Bur-mese military, of violence against women, sexual violence, or other gender-based vio-lence as a tool of terror, war, or ethnic cleansing. (e) REGULAR CONSULTATIONS .—Any new program or activity carried out under this section shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congressional commit-tees. 
SEC. 1282. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN FOREIGN PER-SONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the 8-year period be-ginning on the date that is 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to each foreign person that the President determines— (1) is a current or former senior official of the military or security forces of Burma who knowingly— (A) perpetrated or is responsible for order-ing or otherwise directing serious human rights abuses in Burma; or (B) has taken significant steps to impede investigations or prosecutions of serious human rights abuses allegedly committed by one or more subordinates of such official, in-cluding against the Rohingya community in the state of Rakhine; (2) is an entity owned or controlled by any person described in paragraph (1); (3) has knowingly provided or received sig-nificant financial, material, or technological support to or from a foreign person, includ-ing the immediate family members of such person, described in paragraph (1) for any of the acts described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of such paragraph. (b) S
ANCTIONS .—The sanctions described in this section are the following: (1) A
SSET BLOCKING .—Notwithstanding the requirements of section 202 of the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701), the exercise of all powers granted to the President by such Act to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person the President deter-mines meets one or more of the criteria de-scribed in subsection (a) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) A
LIENS INELIGIBLE FOR VISAS , ADMISSION , 
OR PAROLE .— (A) V
ISAS, ADMISSION , OR PAROLE .—An alien whom the Secretary of State or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) knows, or has rea-son to believe, meets any of the criteria de-scribed in subsection (a) is— (i) inadmissible to the United States; (ii) ineligible to receive a visa or other doc-umentation to enter the United States; and (iii) otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (B) C
URRENT VISAS REVOKED .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The issuing consular offi-cer, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary of Homeland Security (or a designee of one of such Secretaries) shall revoke any visa or other entry documentation issued to an alien who meets any of the criteria described in subsection (a) regardless of when issued. (ii) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—A revocation under clause (i)— (I) shall take effect immediately; and (II) shall automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the possession of the alien. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00243 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.044 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3244 June 6, 2018 
(3) E XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under paragraph (2) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, be-tween the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international ob-ligations. (c) P
ENALTIES .—Any person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of this section or any reg-ulation, license, or order issued to carry out subsection (b) shall be subject to the pen-alties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an un-lawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise the authorities provided under sec-tion 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. (e) W
AIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may annu-ally waive the application of sanctions re-quired by subsection (a) with respect to a person if the President— (A) determines that such waiver is in the national interest of the United States; and (B) not later than the date on which such waiver will take effect, submits to the con-gressional committees listed in paragraph (2) a notice of and justification for such waiver. (2) C
ONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES LISTED .— The congressional committees listed in this paragraph are the following: (A) The Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. (B) The Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMITTED ; ALIEN .—The terms ‘‘admit-ted’’ and ‘‘alien’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1001). (2) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means a person that is not a United States person. (3) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’ means, with respect to conduct, a cir-cumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the re-sult. (4) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen, an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States, or any other individual subject to the jurisdiction of the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such entity. 
SEC. 1283. RESPONSIBILITY AND TRANSPARENCY IN THE MINING SECTOR. 
(a) L IST OF PARTICIPATING ENTITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less than annually thereafter until the date described in subsection (e), the Sec-retary of State shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a list of the entities described in each of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) that— (A) participate in the mining sector of Burma; (B) meet the criterion described in sub-section (b)(1); and (C) meet or have made significant progress towards meeting the criteria in paragraphs (2) through (5) of subsection (b). (2) ENTITIES DESCRIBED .—The entities de-scribed in this paragraph are the following: (A) Entities that produce or process pre-cious and semiprecious gemstones. (B) Entities that sell or export precious and semiprecious gemstones from Burma or articles of jewelry containing such gemstones. (b) C
RITERIA DESCRIBED .—The criteria de-scribed in this subsection are the following with respect to an entity: (1) The entity publicly discloses beneficial ownership, as such term is defined for pur-poses of the Myanmar Extractive Industry Transparency Initiative (Myanmar EITI), and the entity is not owned or controlled, ei-ther directly or indirectly, by the Burmese military or security forces, any current or former senior Burmese military officer, or any person sanctioned by the United States pursuant to any relevant sanctions author-ity. (2) The entity publicly discloses any politi-cally exposed persons, as defined by the Myanmar EITI, who are beneficial owners, as defined under the Myanmar EITI. (3) The entity publicly discloses valid au-thorization, license, or permit to produce, process, sell, or export minerals or gemstones, as applicable. (4) The entity publicly discloses payments to the Government of Burma, including tax and non-tax, license, or royalty payments, and other payments or contract terms as may be required under Myanmar Extractive Industry Transparency Initiative standards. (5) The entity undertakes robust due dili-gence, in line with the OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High- Risk Areas, including public reporting. (c) P
UBLICATION OF LIST.—The Secretary of State shall publish the list under subsection (a) and shall periodically update such list as appropriate. (d) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary of State shall issue guidance to relevant companies regarding supply-chain due diligence best practices applicable to importation of gemstones or minerals that may be of Bur-mese origin or articles of jewelry containing such gemstones to mitigate the potential risks associated with the importation of such items. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The requirement under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date on which the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the Government of Burma has taken substantial measures to reform the mining sector in Burma, including the following: (1) Requiring the mandatory disclosure of payments, permit and license allocations, project revenues, relevant contract terms, and beneficial ownership, including identi-fying any politically exposed persons who are beneficial owners, consistent with the approach agreed under the Myanmar EITI and with due regard for civil society partici-pation. (2) Separating the commercial, regulatory, and revenue collection responsibilities with-in the Myanmar Gems Enterprise and other key state-owned enterprises to remove exist-ing conflicts of interest. (3) Monitoring and undertaking enforce-ment actions, as warranted, to ensure that entities fully adhere to environmental and social impact assessment and management standards in accordance with international responsible mining practices, the country’s environmental conservation law and other applicable laws and regulations, and that en-tities uphold occupational health and safety standards and codes of conduct that are aligned with the core labor standards of the International Labour Organisation and do-mestic law. (4) Actively seeking a comprehensive peace agreement that addresses the transparent and fair distribution of benefits from natural resources, including local benefit-sharing, taking into consideration proposals on fiscal federalism for new governance arrangements in resource-rich regions. (5) Implementing on a timely basis policy reforms aligned with the recommendations of the multi-stakeholder Jade and Gemstone Support Committee and reporting regularly on such reforms. (6) Reforming the process for valuation of gemstones at the mine site, including devel-oping an independent valuation system to prevent undervaluation and tax evasion. (7) Requiring companies bidding for jade and ruby permits to be independently au-dited upon the request of Myanmar Gems Enterprise or the Minister of Natural Re-sources and Environmental Conservation, and making the results of all such audits public. (8) Establishing a credible and transparent permitting process that closely scrutinizes applicants, including based on past perform-ance, and prevents unscrupulous entities from gaining authorized access to conces-sions or the right to trade in minerals or gemstones. (9) Establishing effective oversight of state-owned enterprises operating in such sector, including through parliamentary oversight or requirements for independent fi-nancial auditing. SEC. 1284. DETERMINATION AND REPORT ON AC-COUNTABILITY FOR ETHNIC CLEANSING, CRIMES AGAINST HU-MANITY, AND GENOCIDE IN BURMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that— (1) describes— (A) allegations of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Burma; and (B) potential transitional justice mecha-nisms in Burma; and (2) includes a determination whether the events that took place in the state of Rakhine in Burma, starting on August 25, 2017, constitute ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, or genocide. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of— (A) incidents that may constitute ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by the Burmese military against the Rohingya minority and the iden-tities of any other actors involved in such in-cidents; (B) the role of the civilian government in the commission of such incidents; (C) incidents that may constitute ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by violent extremist groups or anti-government forces; (D) incidents that may violate the prin-ciple of medical neutrality and, to the extent possible, the identities of any individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (E) to the extent possible, a description of the conventional and unconventional weap-ons used for such crimes and the sources of such weapons; (2) a description and assessment by the De-partment of State, the United States Agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00244 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.044 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3245 June 6, 2018 
for International Development, the Depart-ment of Justice, and other appropriate Fed-eral departments and agencies of programs that the United States has already under-taken or is planning to undertake to ensure accountability for ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated against the Rohingya by the military and se-curity forces of Burma, the state govern-ment of Rakhine, Buddhist militias, and all other armed groups fighting in Rakhine, in-cluding programs— (A) to train civilian investigators within and outside of Burma and Bangladesh on how to document, investigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged perpetra-tors of ethnic cleansing, crimes against hu-manity, or genocide in Burma; (B) to promote and prepare for a transi-tional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide occurring in the State of Rakhine in 2017; and (C) to document, collect, preserve, and pro-tect evidence of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Burma, including by providing support for Burmese, Bangladeshi, foreign, and international non-governmental organizations, the United Na-tions Human Rights Council’s investigative team, and other entities engaged in such in-vestigative activities; and (3) a detailed study of the feasibility and desirability of potential transitional justice mechanisms for Burma, including a hybrid tribunal, to address ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Burma, including recommendations on which transitional justice mechanisms the United States should support, why such mechanisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered. (c) P
ROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI-
DENCE .—The Secretary of State shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not pub-licly disclosed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the destruction of evidence by the Govern-ment of Burma. (d) A
UTHORIZATION TO PROVIDE TECHNICAL  A
SSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State is authorized to provide assistance to support appropriate entities that are undertaking the efforts described in paragraph (2) with re-spect to ethnic cleansing, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide perpetrated by the military and security forces of Burma, the state government of Rakhine, Buddhist mili-tias, and all other armed groups fighting in Rakhine. (2) E
FFORTS AGAINST HUMAN RIGHTS  
ABUSES .—The efforts described in this para-graph are the following: (A) Identifying suspected perpetrators of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide. (B) Collecting, documenting, and pro-tecting evidence of such crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence. (C) Conducting criminal investigations. (D) Supporting investigations conducted by other countries, as appropriate. (3) A
DDITIONAL SUPPORT .—The Secretary of State, taking into account any relevant find-ings in the report required by subsection (a), is authorized to support the creation and op-eration of transitional justice mechanisms, including a potential hybrid tribunal, to prosecute individuals suspected of commit-ting ethnic cleansing, crimes against human-ity, or genocide in Burma. 
SEC. 1285. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-MITTEES. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘appropriate con-gressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. SA 2330. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle H—Combating Public Corruption 
SEC. 1281. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) C
ORRUPT ACTOR .—The term ‘‘corrupt actor’’ means— (A) any foreign person or entity that is a government official or government entity re-sponsible for, or complicit in, an act of pub-lic corruption; and (B) any company, in which a person or en-tity described in subparagraph (A) has a sig-nificant stake, which is responsible for, or complicit in, an act of public corruption. (3) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of State. (4) F
OREIGN ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘‘for-eign assistance’’ means assistance made available under— (A) the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.); or (B) the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.). (5) G
RAND CORRUPTION .—The term ‘‘grand corruption’’ means public corruption com-mitted at a high level of government that— (A) distorts policies or the central func-tioning of the country; and (B) enables leaders to benefit at the ex-pense of the public good. (6) P
ETTY CORRUPTION .—The term ‘‘petty corruption’’ means the unlawful exercise of entrusted public power for private gain by low- or mid-level public officials in their interactions with ordinary citizens, includ-ing by bribery, nepotism, fraud, or embezzle-ment. (7) P
UBLIC CORRUPTION .—The term ‘‘public corruption’’ means the unlawful exercise of entrusted public power for private gain, in-cluding by bribery, nepotism, fraud, or em-bezzlement. (8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of State. 
SEC. 1282. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is in the foreign policy interest of the United States to help other countries pro-mote good governance and combat public corruption, particularly grand corruption; (2) multiple departments and agencies across the United States Government oper-ate programs that promote good governance in foreign countries and enhance foreign countries’ ability to combat public corrup-tion; (3) the Department should promote coordi-nation among programs described in para-graph (2) to improve their effectiveness and efficiency; and (4) the Department should identify areas in which United States efforts to help other countries promote good governance and com-bat public corruption could be enhanced. SEC. 1283. ANNUAL REPORT. 
The Secretary shall annually submit to the appropriate congressional committees and publish, on a publicly accessible website, a report that— (1) groups foreign countries, by quintile, based on— (A) the World Bank Worldwide Governance Indicator on Control of Corruption; and (B) the World Bank Worldwide Governance Indicator on Voice and Accountability; (2) adds context and commentary, as ap-propriate, to the World Bank Worldwide Gov-ernance Indicator on Control of Corruption and the World Bank Worldwide Governance Indicator on Voice and Accountability groupings under paragraph (1), as appro-priate, based on the factors outlined in sec-tion 1284; (3) describes, based on the World Bank Worldwide Governance Indicators and the factors outlined in section 1284, the status of foreign governments’ efforts to combat pub-lic corruption; and (4) describes the status of each foreign country’s active membership in voluntary multi-sectoral global governance initiatives as evidence of the country’s government-led efforts to combat public corruption. 
SEC. 1284. ADDITIONAL FACTORS FOR ASSESSING GOVERNMENT EFFORTS TO COMBAT PUBLIC CORRUPTION. 
(a) F ACTORS FOR ASSESSING GOVERNMENT  E
FFORTS TOCOMBAT PUBLIC CORRUPTION .—In assessing a government’s efforts to combat public corruption, the Secretary should con-sider, to the extent reliable information is available— (1) whether the country— (A) has enacted laws and established gov-ernment structures, policies, and practices that prohibit public corruption, including grand corruption and petty corruption; and (B) enforces such laws through a fair judi-cial process; (2) whether the country prescribes appro-priate punishment for grand corruption that is commensurate with the punishment pre-scribed for serious crimes; (3) whether the country prescribes appro-priate punishment for petty corruption that provides a sufficiently stringent deterrent and adequately reflects the nature of the of-fense; (4) the extent to which the government of the country— (A) vigorously investigates and prosecutes acts of public corruption; and (B) convicts and sentences persons respon-sible for such acts that take place wholly or partly within such country, including, as ap-propriate, requiring the incarceration of in-dividuals convicted of such acts; (5) the extent to which the government of the country vigorously investigates, pros-ecutes, convicts, and sentences public offi-cials who participate in or facilitate public corruption, including nationals of the coun-try who are deployed in foreign military as-signments, trade delegations abroad, or other similar missions who engage in or fa-cilitate severe forms of public corruption; (6) the extent to which the government of the country has adopted measures to prevent public corruption, such as measures to in-form and educate the public, including po-tential victims, about the causes and con-sequences of public corruption; (7) steps taken by the government of the country to prohibit government officials 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00245 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.044 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3246 June 6, 2018 
from participating in, facilitating, or condoning public corruption, including the investigation, prosecution, and conviction of such officials; (8) the extent to which the country govern-ment provides access, or, as appropriate, makes adequate resources available, to civil society organizations and other institutions to combat public corruption, including re-porting, investigating, and monitoring; (9) the extent to which an independent ju-diciary or judicial body in the country is re-sponsible for, and effectively capable of, de-ciding public corruption cases impartially, on the basis of facts and in accordance with the law, without any improper restrictions, influences, inducements, pressures, threats, or interferences (direct or indirect) from any source or for any reason; (10) the extent to which the government of the country is assisting in international in-vestigations of transnational public corrup-tion networks and in other cooperative ef-forts to combat grand corruption, including cooperating with the governments of other countries to extradite corrupt actors; (11) the extent to which the government of the country recognizes the rights of victims of public corruption, ensures their access to justice, and takes steps to prevent victims from being further victimized or persecuted by corrupt actors, government officials, or others; (12) the extent to which the government of the country refrains from prosecuting legiti-mate victims of public corruption or whistle-blowers due to such persons having assisted in exposing public corruption, and refrains from other discriminatory treatment of such persons; and (13) such other information relating to public corruption as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 1285. DESIGNATION OF EMBASSY ANTI-COR-RUPTION POINTS OF CONTACT. 
(a) D ESIGNATED COUNTRIES .—The Secretary shall annually designate an anti-corruption point of contact at the United States Mis-sion to each country that he or she deter-mines is in need of such a point of contact. (b) P
OINTS OF CONTACT DUTIES .—Each des-ignated anti-corruption point of contact shall be responsible for coordinating a whole-of-government approach to combating public corruption in his or her posted coun-try among relevant United States Govern-ment departments or agencies with a pres-ence in that country, including, as applica-ble, the Department of State, the Depart-ment of Justice, the Department of the Treasury, the Department of Homeland Se-curity, and USAID. (c) T
RAINING .—The Secretary shall develop and implement appropriate training for des-ignated anti-corruption points of contact. (d) I
NTERNAL REPORTING .—Each anti-cor-ruption point of contact shall submit an an-nual report to the Secretary regarding anti- corruption activities within his or her posted country that— (1) evaluates the effectiveness of current programs that promote good governance and have an effect of combating public corrup-tion; and (2) identifies areas in which the United States Government’s approach could be en-hanced, including specific programs that could be used to enhance the whole-of-gov-ernment approach. 
SEC. 1286. INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall have primary responsibility for managing a whole-of-government effort to improve co-ordination among United States Government departments and agencies that have a role in promoting good governance in foreign coun-tries and enhancing foreign countries’ abil-ity to combat public corruption. (b) TASKFORCE .— (1) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish and con-vene an initial meeting of an interagency task force, which shall be composed of— (A) representatives appointed by the Presi-dent from the departments and agency listed in section 1285(b); and (B) representatives from any other United States Government departments or agencies, as determined by the Secretary. (2) A
DDITIONAL MEETINGS .—The task force described in paragraph (1) shall meet not less frequently than twice per year. (c) T
ASKFORCE DUTIES .—The task force es-tablished pursuant to subsection (b) shall— (1) assist the Secretary in managing the whole-of-government effort described in sub-section (a); (2) evaluate, on a general basis, the effec-tiveness of current programs that have an ef-fect of combating public corruption; (3) identify general areas in which the United States Government’s approach could be enhanced; and (4) identify specific programs for specific countries that could be used to enhance the whole-of-government approach. 
SEC. 1287. TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after publishing the report required under section 1283, and prior to obligation by any United States agency of foreign assistance to the government of a country ranked in the lowest 2 quintiles in the World Bank World-wide Governance Indicator on Control of Corruption grouping described in section 1283(1), the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator of USAID, as appropriate, shall— (1) conduct a corruption risk assessment and create a corruption mitigation strategy for all United States foreign assistance pro-grams to that country; (2) require the inclusion of anti-corruption clauses for all foreign assistance contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements, which allow for the termination of the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement without penalty if credible indicators of public cor-ruption are discovered; (3) require the inclusion of appropriate clawback clauses for all foreign assistance that has been misappropriated through cor-ruption; (4) require the appropriate disclosure to the United States Government, in confiden-tial form, if necessary, of the beneficial own-ership of contractors, subcontractors, grant-ees, cooperative agreement participants, and other organizations receiving funding from the United States Government for foreign as-sistance programs; and (5) establish a mechanism for investigating allegations of misappropriated foreign as-sistance funds or equipment. (b) E
XCEPTIONS AND WAIVER .— (1) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to humanitarian assistance, disaster assistance, or assistance to combat corrup-tion. (2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirement to delay foreign assistance under subsection (a) if the Secretary cer-tifies to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that such waiver is important to the national security interests of the United States. 
SEC. 1288. RESOURCES AND REPORTING RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congres-sional committees that outlines the re-sources needed to meet the objectives of this subtitle, including— (A) personnel needs; and (B) a description of the bureaucratic struc-ture of the offices within the Department and USAID that are engaged in anti-corrup-tion activities. (b) ANNUAL BRIEFING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall brief the appropriate congressional commit-tees on the implementation of this subtitle, including— (A) the designation of anti-corruption points of contact for countries under section 1285(a); (B) the training implemented under sec-tion 1285(c); (C) the reports received from anti-corrup-tion points of contact under section 1285(d); (D) the management of the whole-of-gov-ernment effort to improve coordination under section 1286(a); (E) the establishment of the task force under section 1286(b); and (F) the activities of the task force under section 1286(c). (2) F
ORM OF BRIEFING .—The briefings under subsection (b) shall be conducted on an in- person basis to members or staff of the ap-propriate congressional committees. Por-tions of the briefings may be conducted in a classified setting, as needed. (c) O
NLINE PLATFORM .—The Secretary and the USAID Administrator shall consolidate existing reports with anti-corruption compo-nents into one online, public platform, which shall— (1) include— (A) the Human Rights Report; (B) the Fiscal Transparency Report; (C) the Investment Climate Statement re-ports; (D) the International Narcotics Control Strategy Report; and (E) any other relevant public reports; and (2) link to third-party indicators and com-pliance mechanisms used by the United States Government to inform policy and pro-gramming, such as— (A) the International Finance Corpora-tion’s Doing Business surveys; (B) the International Budget Partnership’s Open Budget Index; and (C) multilateral peer review anti-corrup-tion compliance mechanisms, such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s Working Group on Bribery in International Business Transactions and the United Nations Convention Against Corrup-tion, done at New York October 31, 2003, to further highlight expert international views on country challenges and country efforts. (d) T
RAINING .—The Secretary and the USAID Administrator shall incorporate anti- corruption components into existing Foreign Service and Civil Service training courses— (1) to increase the ability of Department and USAID personnel to support anti-corrup-tion as a foreign policy and development pri-ority; and (2) to strengthen their ability to design, implement, and evaluate more effective anti- corruption programming around the world, including enhancing skills to better evaluate and mitigate public corruption risks in as-sistance programs. 
SA 2331. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00246 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.045 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3247 June 6, 2018 
and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XVI, add the following: Subtitle G—Commission to Examine the Legal Authorities for the Use of Nuclear Weapons 
SEC. 1671. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Since the advent of the nuclear age, the nuclear arsenal of the United States has played a critical role in ensuring United States national security interests and pro-vided a vital extended deterrent to United States allies around the globe. (2) In 1946, the Atomic Energy Act (Public Law 79–585), also known as the McMahon Act, established into law civilian control of nuclear weapons. (3) In 1948, President Harry S. Truman, during a meeting with David Lilienthal, Chairman of the Atomic Energy Commis-sion, and other military and Cabinet mem-bers, articulated the inherently political na-ture of nuclear weapons, stating, ‘‘You have got to understand that this isn’t a military weapon. It is used to wipe out women and children and unarmed people, and not for military uses. So we have got to treat this thing differently from rifles and cannons and ordinary things like that.’’ (4) During the Cold War, the United States faced a rival nuclear power in the Soviet Union that had the ability to rapidly launch nuclear weapons and potentially destroy United States retaliatory strike capabilities. (5) The United States Government devel-oped nuclear command and control protocols to counter the Soviet nuclear threat by pro-viding the President with the unilateral au-thority to swiftly identify, assess, commu-nicate, decide, and, if necessary, launch a nu-clear strike. (6) Today, the Soviet Union no longer ex-ists and the primary nuclear threats that the United States faces are far different from the threats of the Cold War, but United States nuclear command and control protocols re-main rooted in Cold War strategy. 
SEC. 1672. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-MITTEES DEFINED. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘appropriate con-gressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1673. ESTABLISHMENT OF THE JOINT COM-MISSION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Commission to Examine the Legal Au-thorities for the Use of Nuclear Weapons (re-ferred to in this title as the ‘‘Commission’’). (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) C
OMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of 8 members, of whom— (A) 2 members shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate; (B) 2 members shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate; (C) 2 members shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; and (D) 2 members shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representa-tives. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The appointments under paragraph (1) shall include— (i) 2 former military officers; (ii) 2 lawyers or legal experts; (iii) 2 former members of Congress or sen-ior officials in the executive branch; and (iv) 2 civilian nuclear experts. (B) RESTRICTION ON CURRENT OFFICIALS AND  
MILITARY MEMBERS .—The Commission may not include any individual currently serving as a Member of Congress, officer or employee of the Federal Government, officer or em-ployee of a State or local government, or member of the Armed Forces. (C) P
OLITICAL AFFILIATION .—Not more than 4 members of the Commission may be affili-ated with the same political party. (D) O
THER QUALIFICATIONS .—The individ-uals appointed to the Commission shall— (i) be United States citizens; (ii) be prominent and nationally recognized persons with considerable previous experi-ence in the United States Armed Forces, public and government service, law, foreign and national security policy, and emerging technologies; and (iii) have deep expertise in subjects includ-ing the United States nuclear command and control architecture, nuclear strategy, the law of armed conflict, and use of force mat-ters. (3) D
ATE FOR APPOINTMENT .—The appoint-ments of the members of the Commission shall be made not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Commis-sion shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. (2) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-mission— (A) shall not affect the powers of the Com-mission; and (B) shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (d) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which all members of the Commission have been appointed, the Commission shall hold its first meeting. (e) M
EETINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chairperson or a ma-jority of the members of the Commission, and at least once every 30 days for the dura-tion of the Commission. (2) Q
UORUM .—Six members present for a meeting shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hear-ings. (f) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICECHAIRPERSON .— The Commission shall select a Chairperson and Vice Chairperson from among the mem-bers of the Commission. The Chairperson and Vice Chairperson may not be of the same po-litical affiliation. 
SEC. 1674. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
The Commission shall carry out the fol-lowing duties: (1) Examining the full range of nuclear threats facing the United States and the po-tential response options available to the United States, including threats from— (A) the Russian Federation; (B) the People’s Republic of China; (C) the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK); (D) non-state actors and terrorist organiza-tions; and (E) countries seeking to acquire nuclear weapons, materials, and commensurate de-livery systems. (2) Examining how different response op-tions and declaratory policies would impact United States nuclear command and control protocols. (3) Investigating whether the current United States nuclear command and control protocols, which are rooted in Cold War era practices for rapidly responding to a massive surprise nuclear attack from the Soviet Union, remain the optimal structure for re-sponding to the current and future nuclear threats the United States faces. (4) Assessing whether Congress, as the in-stitutional body authorized to declare war under Article I of the United States Con-stitution, has sufficient oversight and input into the United States nuclear command and control structure, and how greater inputs from Congress could affect decision-making within the nuclear command and control chain. (5) Exploring the constitutional and legal relationship between a declaration of war or an authorization of military force by Con-gress and the use of nuclear weapons. (6) Exploring the legal obligations of mili-tary and civilian leaders in carrying out a nuclear strike. (7) Exploring and evaluating potential changes or alternatives to the current United States nuclear command and control structure and protocols in comparison to the current model. (8) Preparing and submitting the report re-quired under section 1675. SEC. 1675. REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the Commission convenes its first meeting, the Commission shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the United States nuclear strike de-cision making process. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A detailed statement of the activities, findings, and conclusions of the Commission under section 1674. (2) A set of recommendations for congres-sional consideration, including the following matters: (A) Determinations on whether and how to strengthen Congress’s role and input into the nuclear strike decision-making process, in-cluding potential legislation. (B) Suggested improvements, changes, or alternative structures to the United States nuclear command and control protocols that— (i) allow the United States to best respond to all current and future nuclear threats; and (ii) maintain the constitutional and legal authorities inherent to the legislative, exec-utive, and judicial branches of the United States Government. (C) Policy proposals for best responding to the various nuclear threats examined pursu-ant to section 1674. (D) Best practices for ensuring that nu-clear weapons remain under civilian control due to their inherently political nature. (3) Detailed summaries of the advice and recommendations provided by all outside or-ganizations and leaders to the Commission. (c) C
LASSIFICATION .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted and published in unclassified form, but may in-clude a classified annex. 
SEC. 1676. POWERS OF COMMISSION. 
(a) H EARINGS .—The Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out this subtitle. (b) I
NFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGEN-
CIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—All Federal departments and agencies shall, in accordance with appli-cable procedures for the handling of classi-fied information, provide reasonable access to documents, statistical data, and other such information that the Commission deter-mines necessary to carry out the functions described under section 1674. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00247 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.047 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3248 June 6, 2018 
(2) O BTAINING CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .— The Chairman of the Commission, in con-sultation with the Vice Chairman, shall sub-mit a written request to the head of a Fed-eral department or agency for access to doc-uments, statistical data, and other informa-tion described in paragraph (1) that is under the control of such department or agency. (c) A
SSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (1) G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION .— The Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimburs-able basis, administrative support and other services for the performance of the Commis-sion’s functions, as well as sufficient office space for the day-to-day activities of the Commission. (2) O
THER DEPARTMENTS AND AGENCIES .—In addition to the assistance prescribed in para-graph (1), Federal departments and agencies may provide to the Commission such serv-ices, funds, facilities, staff, and other sup-port services as they may determine advis-able and as may be authorized by law. (d) A
UTHORITY TO CONTRACT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subtitle I of title 40, United States Code, and division C of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, the Commission is authorized to enter into con-tracts with Federal and State agencies, pri-vate firms, institutions, and individuals for the conduct of activities necessary to the discharge of the functions of the Commission under section 1674. (2) D
URATION .—Any contract, lease, or other legal agreement entered into by the Commission under this subsection may not extend beyond the termination date of the Commission. (e) P
OSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other departments and agencies of the Fed-eral Government. (f) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-ices or property. 
SEC. 1677. COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Commis-sion who is not an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Commission. (2) F
EDERAL MEMBERS .—A member of the Commission who is an officer or employee of the United States shall serve without com-pensation in addition to that received for service as an officer or employee of the United States. (b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their home or regular places of business in the per-formance of services for the Commission. (c) S
TAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An executive director of the Commission may be appointed and ter-minated by a majority of 6 members of the Commission without regard to the civil serv-ice laws (including regulations). The execu-tive director may, without regard to such laws and regulations, appoint and terminate such other additional personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to per-form its duties. (2) C
OMPENSATION .—The Chairperson of the Commission may fix the compensation of the executive director and other personnel with-out regard to chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, re-lating to classification of positions and Gen-eral Schedule pay rates, except that the rate of pay for the executive director and other personnel may not exceed the rate payable for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of that title. (d) DETAIL OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES .— Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Commission without reim-bursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. (e) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND  I
NTERMITTENT SERVICES .—The Chairperson of the Commission may, with the approval of 6 members of the Commission, procure tem-porary and intermittent services under sec-tion 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals which do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of that title. 
SEC. 1678. NONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL AD-VISORY COMMITTEE ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Commission. (b) P
ROTECTION OF INFORMATION IN PUBLIC  H
EARINGS .—Any public hearings of the Com-mission shall be conducted in a manner con-sistent with the protection of information provided to or developed for or by the Com-mission as required under any applicable statute, regulation, or executive order. 
SEC. 1679. SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR COMMIS-SION MEMBERS AND STAFF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No person shall be pro-vided with access to classified information under this subtitle without the appropriate security clearances. The appropriate Federal agencies or departments shall cooperate with the Commission to provide, to the extent possible, appropriate security clearances to Commission members and staff in accord-ance with existing procedures and require-ments. 
SEC. 1680. TERMINATION OF COMMISSION. 
The Commission shall terminate 30 days after the date on which the Commission sub-mits the report required under section 1675. 
SA 2332. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 12ll. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW AND CON-TINUED APPLICABILITY OF SANC-TIONS UNDER THE SERGEI MAGNITSKY RULE OF LAW AC-COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2012. 
Section 216(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Russia Sanc-tions Review Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9511(a)(2)(B)(i)) is amended— (1) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 (title IV of Public Law 112–208; 22 U.S.C. 5811 note); and’’. 
SA 2333. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EXCLUSION OF INDEPENDENT RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EX-PENSES FROM ANNUAL RECEIPTS. 
Section 3(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) E
XCLUSION OF INDEPENDENT RESEARCH  
AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES FROM RE -
CEIPTS .—In determining the average annual gross receipts of a business concern, the Ad-ministrator, at the request of the concern, may exclude from consideration any ex-penses or expenditures for independent re-search and development.’’. 
SA 2334. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SIZE STANDARDS FOR SMALL BUSI-NESS CONCERNS. 
(a) C ALCULATION ON THE BASIS OF ANNUAL  A
VERAGE GROSS RECEIPTS .—Section 3(a)(2)(C)(ii)(II) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)(C)(ii)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘over a period of not less than 3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘, which shall be cal-culated by using the 3 lowest annual average gross receipts of the business concern during the preceding 5-year period’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Busi-ness Administration shall promulgate regu-lations as necessary to implement the amendment made by subsection (a). 
SA 2335. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. B OOK-
ER, and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. IMPROVING SMALL BUSINESS LOAN PROGRAMS FOR EMPLOYEE-OWNED BUSINESS CONCERNS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Main Street Employee Owner-ship Act of 2018’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘Administration’’ and ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’ mean the Small Business Ad-ministration and the Administrator thereof, respectively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00248 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.047 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3249 June 6, 2018 
(2) the term ‘‘cooperative’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 7(a)(35) of the Small Business Act, as added by subsection (c); (3) the term ‘‘employee-owned business concern’’ means— (A) a cooperative; and (B) a qualified employee trust; (4) the terms ‘‘qualified employee trust’’ and ‘‘small business concern’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632), as amended by this section; and (5) the term ‘‘small business development center’’ means a small business development center described in section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648). (c) E
XPANSION OF 7(A) LOANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (15)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘this subsection to qualified employee trusts’’ and inserting ‘‘this sub-section— ‘‘(i) to qualified employee trusts’’; (II) in clause (i), as so designated— (aa) by inserting ‘‘, and for any transaction costs associated with purchasing,’’ after ‘‘purchasing’’; (bb) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) to a small business concern under a plan approved by the Administrator, if the proceeds from the loan are only used to make a loan to a qualified employee trust, and for any transaction costs associated with making that loan, that results in the qualified employee trust owning at least 51 percent of the small business concern.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘or by the small business concern’’ after ‘‘the trustee of such trust’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) with respect to a loan made to a trust, or to a cooperative in accordance with paragraph (35)— ‘‘(I) a seller of the small business concern may remain involved as an officer, director, or key employee of the small business con-cern when a qualified employee trust or co-operative has acquired 100 percent of owner-ship of the small business concern; and ‘‘(II) any seller of the small business con-cern who remains as an owner of the small business concern, regardless of the percent-age of ownership interest, shall be required to provide a personal guarantee by the Ad-ministration.’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A small business concern that makes a loan to a qualified employee trust under subparagraph (A)(ii) is not required to con-tain the same terms and conditions as the loan made to the small business concern that is guaranteed by the Administration under such subparagraph. ‘‘(G) With respect to a loan made to a qualified employee trust under this para-graph, or to a cooperative in accordance with paragraph (35), the Administrator may, as determined appropriate by the Adminis-trator, elect to not require any mandatory equity to be provided by the qualified em-ployee trust or cooperative to make the loan.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(35) L
OANS TO COOPERATIVES .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘cooperative’ means an entity that is determined to be a cooperative by the Ad-ministrator, in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws and regulations. ‘‘(B) AUTHORITY .—The Administration shall guarantee loans made to a cooperative for the purpose described in paragraph (15).’’. (2) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO PRE -
FERRED LENDERS .—Section 5(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634(b)(7)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including loans guaranteed under paragraph (15) or (35) of section 7(a)’’ after ‘‘deferred participation loans’’. (d) S
MALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY  P
ROGRAM OUTREACH .—The Administrator shall provide outreach and educational ma-terials to companies licensed under section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 681(c)) to increase the use of funds to make investments in company tran-sitions to employee-owned business con-cerns. (e) S
MALL BUSINESS MICROLOAN PROGRAM  O
UTREACH .—The Administrator shall provide outreach and educational materials to inter-mediaries under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) to increase the use of funds to make loans to employee- owned business concerns, including transi-tions to employee-owned business concerns. (f) S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER  O
UTREACH AND ASSISTANCE .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a Small Business Employee Ownership and Cooperatives Promotion Pro-gram to offer technical assistance and train-ing on the transition to employee ownership through cooperatives and qualified employee trusts. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CEN -
TERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram established under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall enter into agreements with small business development centers under which the centers shall— (i) provide access to information and re-sources on employee ownership through co-operatives or qualified employee trusts as a business succession strategy; (ii) conduct training and educational ac-tivities; and (iii) carry out the activities described in subparagraph (U) of section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)), as added by subparagraph (B). (B) A
DDITIONAL SERVICES .—Section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (S), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (T), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(U) encouraging and assisting the provi-sion of succession planning to small business concerns with a focus on transitioning to co-operatives, as defined in section 7(a)(35), and qualified employee trusts (collectively re-ferred to in this subparagraph as ‘employee- owned business concerns’), including by— ‘‘(i) providing training to individuals to promote the successful management, govern-ance, or operation of a business purchased by those individuals in the formation of an em-ployee-owned business concern; ‘‘(ii) assisting employee-owned business concerns that meet applicable size standards established under section 3(a) with education and technical assistance with respect to fi-nancing and contracting programs adminis-tered by the Administration; ‘‘(iii) coordinating with lenders on con-ducting outreach on financing through pro-grams administered by the Administration that may be used to support the transition of ownership to employees; ‘‘(iv) supporting small business concerns in exploring or assessing the possibility of transitioning to an employee-owned business concern; and ‘‘(v) coordinating with the cooperative de-velopment centers of the Department of Ag-riculture, the land grant extension network, the Manufacturing Extension Partnership, community development financial institu-tions, employee ownership associations and service providers, and local, regional and na-tional cooperative associations.’’. (g) INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator or a designee of the Adminis-trator shall coordinate and chair an inter-agency working group, which shall— (A) develop recommendations on how Fed-eral programs can promote, support, and in-crease the number of employee-owned busi-ness concerns; (B) ensure coordination with Federal agen-cies and national and local employee owner-ship, cooperative, and small business organi-zations; and (C) publish a report on the activities of the interagency working group that is indexed and maintained for public review. (2) M
EETINGS .—The interagency working group described in paragraph (1) shall meet in person or via electronic resources at such times as determined necessary by the Ad-ministrator, but not less frequently than bi-annually. (h) A
MENDMENT TO REPORT TO CONGRESS ON  S
TATUS OF EMPLOYEE -OWNED FIRMS.—Section 7(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(15)), as amended by this section, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘Ad-ministration.’’ and inserting ‘‘Administra-tion, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the total number of loans made to co-operatives and qualified employee trusts (collectively referred to in this subparagraph as ‘employee-owned business concerns’) that were guaranteed by the Administrator under this section or section 502 of the Small Busi-ness Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696), including the number of loans made— ‘‘(I) to small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals; and ‘‘(II) to cooperatives; ‘‘(ii) the total number of financings made to employee-owned business concerns by companies licensed under section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(c)), including the number of financings made— ‘‘(I) to small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals; and ‘‘(II) to cooperatives; and ‘‘(iii) any outreach and educational activi-ties conducted by the Administration with respect to employee-owned business con-cerns.’’; and (A) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the term ‘cooperative’ has the meaning given the term in paragraph (35); and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘small business concern owned and controlled by socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individuals’ has the meaning given the term in section 8(d)(3)(C).’’. (i) R
EPORT ON COOPERATIVE LENDING .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that cooperatives have a unique business structure and are unable to access the lending programs of the Administration effectively due to loan guarantee require-ments that are incompatible with the busi-ness structure of cooperatives. (2) S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (A) S
TUDY .—The Administrator, in coordi-nation with lenders, stakeholders, and Fed-eral agencies, shall study and recommend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00249 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.048 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3250 June 6, 2018 
practical alternatives for cooperatives that will satisfy the loan guarantee requirements of the Administration. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to Congress the rec-ommendations developed under paragraph (1) and a plan to implement those recommenda-tions. (j) A
MENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF QUALIFIED  E
MPLOYEE TRUST .—Section 3(c)(2)(A)(ii) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(c)(2)(A)(ii)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) which provides that each participant is entitled to direct the plan trustee as to the manner of how to vote the qualified em-ployer securities (as defined in section 4975(e)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), which are allocated to the account of such participant with respect to a corporate matter which (by law or charter) must be de-cided by a vote conducted in accordance with section 409(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and’’. 
SA 2336. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. INFORMATION REGARDING COUNTY VETERANS SERVICE OFFICERS. 
(a) P ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of Defense, and with respect to mem-bers of the Coast Guard, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, shall ensure that a member of the Armed Forces who is separating or retir-ing from the Armed Forces may elect to have the Department of Defense form DD–214 of the member transmitted to the appro-priate county veterans service officer based on the mailing address provided by the mem-ber. (b) D
ATABASE .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, shall maintain a database of all county veterans service officers. (c) C
OUNTY VETERANS SERVICE OFFICER DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘county veterans service officer’’ means an employee of a county government, local government, or Tribal government who is covered by sec-tion 14.629(a)(2) of title 38, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SA 2337. Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: SEC. 583. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR THE NUCLEAR DETERRENCE OPER-ATIONS SERVICE MEDAL OF THE AIR FORCE. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall award the Nuclear Deterrence Operations Service Medal of the Air Force to any member of the Air Force for service before December 27, 1991, if service of the member before that date would otherwise qualify the member for award of the Medal. 
SA 2338. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 79, line 21, insert ‘‘, including re-search into systems that integrate the strengths and reliability of artificial intel-ligence and machine learning with the induc-tive reasoning power of a human’’ after ‘‘technologies’’. 
SA 2339. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. REPORT ON TRANSFER OF THE CHEM-ICAL, BIOLOGICAL, AND RADIO-LOGICAL DEFENSE DIVISION OF THE NAVY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port that includes— (1) a detailed timeline for the proposed transfer of the Chemical, Biological, and Ra-diological Defense Division of the Navy from Virginia to another location; (2) a full accounting of the costs associated with the proposed transfer, including— (A) all personnel costs; (B) all equipment costs; and (C) all facility renovation costs for the ex-isting facilities of the Division and the fa-cilities to which the Division is proposed to be transferred; (3) a risk assessment of the operational im-pact of the transfer during the transition pe-riod; and (4) an explanation of the operational ben-efit expected to be achieved by collocating all Chemical, Biological, and Radiological elements of the Department of the Navy. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
SA 2340. Ms. SMITH (for herself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. R UBIO, and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XXVIII, add the fol-lowing: Subtitle E—Real Property and Facilities Administration 
SEC. 2851. CLARIFICATION TO INCLUDE NA-TIONAL GUARD INSTALLATIONS IN READINESS AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION INTEGRATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) State-owned National Guard installa-tions have always qualified as military in-stallations under section 2684a of title 10, United States Code; and (2) State-owned National Guard installa-tions should continue to qualify as military installations under section 2684a of that sec-tion. (b) C
LARIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 2684a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, as well as a State-owned National Guard installation,’’ after ‘‘military installation’’. (2) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECT .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as of December 2, 2002. 
SA 2341. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF SENATE ON RETURN OF ROHINGYA REFUGEES TO BURMA. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the Sen-ate— (1) condemns the violence and displace-ment inflicted on Burma’s Rohingya and other ethnic minorities; (2) calls for an immediate halt to all hos-tilities by Burmese authorities; (3) condemns the attacks by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army militant group; (4) calls on the Government of Burma to allow full access to Rakhine State and en-sure the full participation of the United Na-tions High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the internationally endorsed orga-nization tasked with ensuring that refugee returns are voluntary, safe, dignified, and re-spect fundamental human rights, and that the voices of refugees are represented to en-sure the sustainability of such returns and to prevent further waves of displacement; (5) calls on the Government of Burma to allow the United Nations-backed Inde-pendent International Fact-Finding Mission on Myanmar immediate and unfettered ac-cess to Burma, including northern Rahkine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00250 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.048 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3251 June 6, 2018 
State, to establish the facts and cir-cumstances of the alleged recent human rights violations by Burmese military and security forces against the Rohingya and other ethnic minorities; (6) commends the positive role of the Gov-ernment of Bangladesh in receiving Rohingya refugees to date and urges the Government of Bangladesh to continue al-lowing the full participation of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and human rights organizations in accessing ref-ugee camps; (7) calls on the United Nations High Com-missioner for Refugees and international nongovernmental organizations to play a role in monitoring repatriation efforts by the Governments of Bangladesh and Burma to ensure a process that meets international norms for voluntary, safe, and dignified repa-triation; (8) agrees that any return of Rohingya should include guarantees that any returns of refugees will be voluntary and dignified, that there will be no threats to protection or security upon return, that refugees will be able to return to their places of origin or other locations as desired, and be able to enjoy equal rights with others in Burma, in-cluding the restoration or granting of full citizenship, freedom of movement, and ac-cess to basic services; (9) recognizes that any forced relocation of Rohingya refugees into temporary settle-ments, internally displaced persons (IDP) camps, ‘‘model villages,’’ or other areas not of refugees’ choosing is unacceptable; (10) calls on the Government of Burma to allow for a flexible and practical approach to dealing with evidence of Rohingya residence in Burma, recognizing that the Rohingya ref-ugees in Bangladesh possess a wide range of documents and that some refugees have no documents and will need to establish their residence by other means; (11) calls on the Government of Burma to address root causes consistent with the Rakhine Advisory Commission recommenda-tions and fully implement all of the rec-ommendations of the Commission, including providing equal access to full restoration or granting of full citizenship for the Rohingya population; (12) calls on the Government of Burma to acknowledge and address the issue of state-lessness for the Rohingya, the deprivation of rights, and institutionalized and pervasive discrimination of the Rohingya population in order to bring about any sustainable solu-tions; (13) commends the Government and the people of Bangladesh for their extraordinary generosity and efforts to provide shelter and relief for nearly 1,000,000 Rohingya refugees forced to flee their homes in Burma; (14) calls on the Government of Bangladesh to ensure all refugees have freedom of move-ment and under no circumstances are subject to unsafe, involuntary, precipitous, or unin-formed returns to Burma; and (15) calls on the Government of Burma to immediately release journalists Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo. 
SA 2342. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1271. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CIVILIAN NU-CLEAR COOPERATION AGREEMENT WITH SAUDI ARABIA. 
It is the sense of Congress that any United States-Saudi Arabia civilian nuclear co-operation agreement under section 123 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2153), commonly known as a ‘‘123 Agreement’’, con-cluded in the future, must prohibit the King-dom of Saudi Arabia from enriching uranium or separating plutonium on its own terri-tory, in keeping with the strongest possible nonproliferation ‘‘gold standard’’. 
SA 2343. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE BANKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter V of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating section 6387 as section 6388; and (2) by inserting after section 6386 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 6387. Department of Defense family and medical leave banks ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘covered DOD employee’ means an individual described in section 6381(1)(A) who is employed by the Depart-ment, without regard to whether the indi-vidual meets the requirements of section 6381(1)(B); ‘‘(2) the term ‘Department’ means the De-partment of Defense ‘‘(3) the term ‘designated unit’ means any agency, component, or other administrative unit of the Department designated by the Secretary under subsection (b)(1); ‘‘(4) the term ‘family and medical leave bank’ means a family and medical leave bank established under subsection (b)(2); ‘‘(5) the term ‘leave recipient’ means a cov-ered DOD employee whose application under subsection (e)(1) to receive leave from a fam-ily and medical leave bank is approved; and ‘‘(6) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Defense. ‘‘(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF FAMILY AND MED-
ICAL LEAVE BANKS .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall— ‘‘(1) designate the agencies, components, or other administrative units of the Depart-ment for which it is appropriate to have a separate family and medical leave bank; and ‘‘(2) establish a family and medical leave bank for each designated unit. ‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF FAMILY AND MED-
ICAL LEAVE BANKBOARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each family and medical leave bank established by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall establish a Fam-ily and Medical Leave Bank Board consisting of 3 members, at least 1 of whom shall rep-resent a labor organization or employee group, to administer the family and medical leave bank, in consultation with the Office of Personnel Management. ‘‘(2) DUTIES .—Each Family and Medical Leave Bank Board shall— ‘‘(A) review and determine whether to ap-prove applications to the family and medical leave bank under subsection (e)(1); ‘‘(B) monitor each case of a leave recipient; ‘‘(C) monitor the amount of leave in the family and medical leave bank and the num-ber of applications for use of leave from the family and medical leave bank; and ‘‘(D) maintain an adequate amount of leave in the family and medical leave bank to the greatest extent practicable. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFYING FAMILY AND MEDICAL  
EVENTS .—To the greatest extent practicable, each Family and Medical Leave Bank Board shall use the certification forms and stand-ards established for purposes of section 6382 in determining whether, for purposes of this section, a circumstance described in section 6382(a)(1) exists. ‘‘(d) C
REDITING OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) F
ORFEITED LEAVE .—Any annual leave lost by a covered DOD employee by oper-ation of section 6304 shall be credited to the family and medical leave bank of the des-ignated unit employing the covered DOD em-ployee. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRIBUTIONS OF USE OR LOSE  
LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A covered DOD em-ployee who is projected to have annual leave that otherwise would be subject to forfeiture at the end of the leave year under section 6304 may submit an application in writing re-questing that a specified number of hours (not to exceed the number of hours projected to be subject to forfeiture) be transferred from the annual leave account of the covered DOD employee to the family and medical leave bank for the designated unit employ-ing the covered DOD employee. ‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL .—If a Family and Medical Leave Bank Board approves an application by a covered DOD employee under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall transfer to the family and medical leave bank of the des-ignated unit employing the covered DOD em-ployee the amount of leave requested to be transferred. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION FOR LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A covered DOD employee who is or anticipates being absent from regu-larly scheduled duty because of a cir-cumstance described in section 6382(a)(1) (without regard to whether the covered DOD employee is entitled to leave under section 6382(a)(1)) may submit an application to re-ceive leave from the family and medical leave bank of the designated unit employing the covered DOD employee, which shall con-tain such information as the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall by regula-tion prescribe. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—A Family and Med-ical Leave Bank Board may— ‘‘(A) approve an application submitted under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) specify the amount of leave that shall be transferred to a covered DOD employee whose application is approved. ‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A Family and Medical Leave Bank Board may not specify an amount of leave to be transferred to a cov-ered DOD employee that is more than the amount of leave described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT .—The amount described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) with respect to a full-time covered DOD employee, 12 weeks; and ‘‘(ii) with respect to a part-time covered DOD employee, the amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(I) 12 weeks; by ‘‘(II) the quotient obtained by dividing— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00251 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.052 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3252 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(aa) the number of hours in the regularly scheduled workweek of the part-time cov-ered DOD employee; by ‘‘(bb) the number of hours in the regularly scheduled workweek of a covered DOD em-ployee serving in a comparable position on a full-time basis. ‘‘(4) T
RANSFER .—The Secretary shall trans-fer to a covered DOD employee whose appli-cation is approved under paragraph (2)(A) the number of hours of leave specified under paragraph (2)(B) from the family and medical leave bank for the designated unit employ-ing the covered DOD employee. ‘‘(f) U
SE OF LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) C
OORDINATION WITH EXISTING FML .—A leave recipient who is entitled to leave under section 6382(a)(1) shall use any leave trans-ferred to the leave recipient from a family and medical leave bank in accordance with section 6382(d)(2). ‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO USE LEAVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any leave transferred to a leave recipient from a family and medical leave bank that is not used before the end of the 12-month period beginning on the date described in subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(i) shall be forfeited by the leave recipi-ent; and ‘‘(ii) shall be credited to the family and medical leave bank from which the leave was transferred. ‘‘(B) S
TART OF PERIOD FOR USE .—The date described in this subparagraph is the later of— ‘‘(i) the date on which the circumstance de-scribed in section 6382(a)(1) arises; or ‘‘(ii) the date on which leave is transferred to the covered DOD employee under sub-section (e)(4).’’. (b) U
SE OF FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE .— Section 6382(d) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘An employee may elect’’ the first place it appears; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2)(A) In this paragraph, the term ‘cov-ered DOD employee’ has the meaning given that term in section 6387. ‘‘(B) A covered DOD employee entitled to leave under subsection (a)(1) to whom leave is transferred from a family and medical leave bank under section 6387— ‘‘(i) shall substitute for any leave without pay under subsection (a)(1) the amount of leave transferred to the employee from the family and medical leave bank; and ‘‘(ii) may substitute for any leave without pay under subsection (a)(1) any annual or sick leave accrued or accumulated by such employee under subchapter I. ‘‘(C) A covered DOD employee to whom leave is transferred from a family and med-ical leave bank shall first use all of the transferred leave before using leave de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii). ‘‘(D) The Director of the Office of Per-sonnel Management shall prescribe any regu-lations necessary to carry out this para-graph.’’. (c) OPM A
UTHORITY .—If the Director of the Office of Personnel Management determines expanding the family and medical leave bank program Governmentwide would be appro-priate, the Director may prescribe regula-tions granting Executive agencies (as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code) the authority to establish family and med-ical leave banks, in the same manner as pro-vided under the amendments made by sub-sections (a) and (b), to the maximum extent practicable. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 6387 and inserting the following: ‘‘6387. Department of Defense family and medical leave banks. ‘‘6388. Regulations.’’. SA 2344. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. ONE-YEAR PERIOD FOR ENROLLMENT IN THE SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN FOR ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS WHO HAVE A SAME-SEX SPOUSE UNDER AN EARLIER OR CURRENT MAR-RIAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any individual eligi-ble for participation, but not participating, in the Survivor Benefit Plan as of the date of the enactment of this Act who seeks to par-ticipate in the Plan for the benefit of the same-sex spouse of the individual under a marriage entered into or recognized as valid before that date may elect to participate in the plan at any time during the one-year pe-riod beginning on that date in accordance with section 1448(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code. (b) O
UTREACH ON ELECTION TO PARTICIPATE  
FORSPOUSES UNDER MARRIAGE AFTER ELIGI-
BILITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall un-dertake an active campaign of outreach de-signed to inform individuals who are or may become eligible for participation in the Sur-vivor Benefit Plan of the availability of the election to participate in the Plan under sec-tion 1448(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, for individuals who marry, including individ-uals with same-sex spouses, after becoming eligible to participate in the Plan. (c) S
URVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Survivor Benefit Plan’’ means the benefit plan established by subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 2345. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. REPORTS ON ACTIVITIES UNDER THE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR USE OF MILI-TARY FORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every six months thereafter, the Presi-dent shall submit to Congress a report on the following under each covered Authorization for Use of Military Force: (1) A list of the groups, organizations, and forces against which the United States is using force pursuant to each covered Author-ization for Use of Military Forces as of the date of submittal of such report. (2) For each group, organization, and force listed under paragraph (1)— (A) the extent to which such group, organi-zation, or force directly targeted any com-pelling United States interest during the six- month period ending on the date of sub-mittal of such report (in this subsection re-ferred to as the ‘‘reporting period’’); and (B) the extent to which such group, organi-zation, or force continues to pose a threat to any compelling United States interest as of the date of submittal of such report. (3) A list of the countries in which the United States used force pursuant to each covered Authorization for Use of Military Force during the reporting period, including the specific geographic location in each country in which the United States so used force. (4) The number of combatant casualties in connection with the use of force pursuant to each covered Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force during the reporting period. (5) The number of civilian casualties in connection with the use of force pursuant to each covered Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force during the reporting period, as determined by the following: (A) The United States Government. (B) Credible and reliable nongovernmental entities. (6) An explanation for the differences, if any, between the number of civilian casual-ties reported pursuant to paragraph (5)(A) during the reporting period and the number of civilian casualties reported pursuant to paragraph (5)(B) during the reporting period. (7) A description of the mechanisms used to prevent and limit civilian casualties in connection with the use of force pursuant to each covered Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force during the reporting period. (8) A current description of the process by which the United States investigates allega-tions of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations. (9) A description of the current national se-curity, diplomatic, development, and human-itarian goals of the United States for each country listed under paragraph (3) in order to create the conditions for the end of use of United States military force in such coun-try, and the strategy and expected timeline to execute such goals. (10) An assessment, as of the date of sub-mittal of such report, of the bilateral and multilateral impact of United States use of force pursuant to each covered Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force in each coun-try listed under paragraph (3), and an assess-ment of the engagement of the government of such country with United States use of force in such country. (11) A comprehensive and current descrip-tion, both for the reporting period and in ag-gregate as of the date of such report, of the amounts expended by the United States for and in support of military operations and ac-tivities in connection with use of force pur-suant to each covered Authorization for Use of Military Force. (b) FORM.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form. (2) C
LASSIFIED FORM .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), a portion of a report under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form if strictly required to protect the na-tional security interests of the United States. (3) C
ERTAIN INFORMATION ONLY IN UNCLASSI -
FIED FORM .—The information required by subsection (a)(1), and the countries listed pursuant to subsection (a)(3), shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form. (c) B
RIEFINGS .—The Department of Defense shall provide a briefing to any appropriate congressional committee or leadership upon request of such committee or leadership not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00252 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.052 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3253 June 6, 2018 
less often than every six months on activi-ties undertaken pursuant to a covered Au-thorization for Use of Military Force. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees and leadership’’ means— (A) the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (C) the Speaker of the House of Represent-atives and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘covered Authorization for Use of Military Force’’ means the following: (A) The Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). (B) The Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note), 
SA 2346. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION OF PROPOSED EXPORTS OF DEFENSE ARTICLES FORMERLY INCLUDED ON UNITED STATES MUNITIONS LIST. 
Any license to export a defense article on the Commerce Control List that was con-trolled for export on the United States Muni-tions List (USML) maintained pursuant to part 121 of title 22, Code of Federal Regula-tions as of January 1, 2018, shall be subject to the provisions of section 36 of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776) regarding notification and review by Congress (and in-cluding all current procedures for consulta-tion) if the authorized value of such license would meet or exceed the value thresholds applicable under such section to defense arti-cles listed on the USML. 
SA 2347. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: SEC. 12ll. SYRIAN WAR CRIMES ACCOUNT-ABILITY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) March 2017 marks the sixth year of the ongoing conflict in Syria. (2) As of February 2017— (A) more than 13,000,000 people are in need of humanitarian assistance in Syria; (B) approximately 6,600,000 people are dis-placed from their homes inside Syria; and (C) approximately 5,600,000 Syrians have fled to neighboring countries as refugees. (3) Since the conflict in Syria began, the United States has provided more than $8,000,000,000 to meet humanitarian needs in Syria, making the United States the world’s single largest donor by far to the Syrian hu-manitarian response. (4) In response to growing concerns over systemic human rights violations in Syria, the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic (re-ferred to in this subsection as ‘‘COI’’) was es-tablished on August 22, 2011. The purpose of COI is to ‘‘investigate all alleged violations of international human rights law since March 2011 in the Syrian Arab Republic, to establish the facts and circumstances that may amount to such violations and of the crimes perpetrated and, where possible, to identify those responsible with a view to en-suring that perpetrators of violations, in-cluding those that may constitute crimes against humanity, are held accountable’’. (5) On December 21, 2016, the United Na-tions General Assembly adopted a resolution to establish the International, Impartial and Independent Mechanism to Assist in the In-vestigation and Prosecution of Those Re-sponsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011. (6) In 2017, then Secretary of State Rex Tillerson stated ‘‘ISIS is clearly responsible for genocide against Yezidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims in areas it controls or has con-trolled. ISIS is also responsible for crimes against humanity and ethnic cleansing di-rected at these same groups, and in some cases against Sunni Muslims, Kurds, and other minorities . . . . The protection of these groups, and others subject to violent extremism, is a human rights priority for the Trump administration.’’. (7) On February 7, 2017, Amnesty Inter-national reported that between 5,000 and 13,000 people were extrajudicially executed in the Saydnaya Military Prison between Sep-tember 2011 and December 2015. (8) In February 2017, COI released a re-port— (A) stating that a joint United Nations- Syrian Arab Red Crescent convoy in Orum al-Kubra, Syria, was attacked by air on Sep-tember 19, 2016; (B) explaining that the attack killed at least 14 civilian aid workers, injured at least 15 others, and destroyed trucks, food, medi-cine, clothes, and other supplies; and (C) concluding that ‘‘the attack was me-ticulously planned and ruthlessly carried out by the Syrian air force to purposefully hinder the delivery of humanitarian aid and target aid workers, constituting the war crimes of deliberately attacking humani-tarian relief personnel, denial of humani-tarian aid and targeting civilians.’’. (9) On October 26, 2017, the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons-United Nations Joint Investigative Mechanism transmitted its sixth report, which con-cluded that the Syrian Arab Armed Forces and the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) have both used chemical weapons against villages in Syria, including the use of sarin by the forces of the Government of Syria in Khan Sheikhoun in April 2017. (10) On August 8, 2017, COI released a report stating that certain offenses, including de-liberately attacking hospitals, holding back humanitarian aid as a tactic to control civil-ian populations, and the continued use of chemical weapons against civilians, con-stitute war crimes and crimes against hu-manity. (11) Physicians for Human Rights reported that, between March 2011 and the end of De-cember 2017, Syrian government and allied forces— (A) had committed 446 attacks on 330 sepa-rate medical facilities (including through the use of indiscriminate barrel bombs on at least 80 occasions); and (B) had killed 847 medical personnel. (12) The Department of State’s 2017 Coun-try Reports on Human Rights Practices— (A) states that President Bashar al-Assad ‘‘engaged in frequent violations and abuses, including massacres, indiscriminate killings, kidnapping of civilians, arbitrary detentions, and rape as a war tactic.’’; (B) explains that ‘‘these attacks included bombardment with improvised explosive de-vices, commonly referred to as ‘barrel bombs’ . . .’’; and (C) reports that ‘‘[t]he government [of Syria] continued the use of torture and rape, including of children’’. (13) In February 2016, COI reported that— (A) ‘‘crimes against humanity continue to be committed by [Syrian] Government forces and by ISIS’’; (B) the Syrian government has ‘‘com-mitted the crimes against humanity of ex-termination, murder, rape or other forms of sexual violence, torture, imprisonment, en-force disappearance and other inhuman acts’’; and (C) ‘‘[a]ccountability for these and other crimes must form part of any political solu-tion’’. (14) Credible civil society organizations collecting evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria re-port that at least 12 countries in western Eu-rope and North America have requested as-sistance on investigating such crimes. (15) In April 2018, the COI— (A) reported at least 34 chemical attacks during the period beginning in 2013 and end-ing in January 2018, many of which— (i) used chlorine or sarin, a nerve agent; and (ii) were conducted by the Government of Syria. (16) According to the World Health Organi-zation, following the April 7, 2018, chemical weapons attack in Douma, Eastern Ghouta, an estimated 500 people were treated for ‘‘signs and symptoms consistent with expo-sure to toxic chemicals’’. (17) On April 13, 2018, United States Ambas-sador to the United States Nikki Haley stat-ed: ‘‘The United States estimates that Assad has used chemical weapons in the Syrian war at least 50 times. Public estimates are as high as 200.’’ (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—Congress— (1) strongly condemns— (A) the ongoing violence, use of chemical weapons, targeting of civilian populations with barrel, incendiary, and cluster bombs and SCUD missiles, and systematic gross human rights violations carried out by the Government of Syria and pro-government forces under the direction of President Bashar al-Assad; and (B) all abuses committed by violent ex-tremist groups and other combatants in-volved in the civil war in Syria; (2) expresses its support for the people of Syria seeking democratic change; (3) urges all parties to the conflict— (A) to immediately halt indiscriminate at-tacks on civilians; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00253 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.053 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3254 June 6, 2018 
(B) to allow for the delivery of humani-tarian and medical assistance; and (C) to end sieges of civilian populations; (4) calls on the President to support efforts in Syria, and on the part of the international community, to ensure accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide committed during the conflict; and (5) supports the request in United Nations Security Council Resolutions 2139 (2014), 2165 (2014), and 2191 (2014) for the Secretary-Gen-eral to regularly report to the Security Council on implementation on the resolu-tions, including of paragraph 2 of Resolution 2139, which ‘‘demands that all parties imme-diately put an end to all forms of violence [and] cease and desist from all violations of international humanitarian law and viola-tions and abuses of human rights’’. (c) R
EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR C
RIMES , C RIMES AGAINST HUMANITY , AND G
ENOCIDE IN SYRIA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report on war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and another such re-port not later than 180 days after the Sec-retary of State determines that the violence in Syria has ceased. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of alleged war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide per-petrated during the civil war in Syria, in-cluding— (i) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and all forces fighting on its behalf; (ii) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or geno-cide committed by violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, and any other com-batants in the conflict; (iii) any incidents that may violate the principle of medical neutrality and, if pos-sible, the identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (iv) if possible, a description of the conven-tional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and the origins of such weapons; and (B) a description and assessment by the Department of State Office of Global Crimi-nal Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, the Department of Justice, and other appropriate agencies of programs that the United States Govern-ment has undertaken to ensure account-ability for war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide perpetrated against the people of Syria by the regime of Presi-dent Bashar al-Assad, violent extremist groups, and other combatants involved in the conflict, including programs— (i) to train investigators within and out-side of Syria on how to document, inves-tigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide, in-cluding— (I) the number of United States Govern-ment or contract personnel currently des-ignated to work full-time on these issues; and (II) the identification of the authorities and appropriations being used to support such training efforts; (ii) to promote and prepare for a transi-tional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011; (iii) to document, collect, preserve, and protect evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria, in-cluding support for Syrian, foreign, and international nongovernmental organiza-tions, and other entities, including the Inter-national, Impartial and Independent Mecha-nism to Assist in the Investigation and Pros-ecution of Persons Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011 and the Independent Inter-national Commission of Inquiry on the Syr-ian Arab Republic; and (iv) to assess the influence of account-ability measures on efforts to reach a nego-tiated settlement to the Syrian conflict dur-ing the reporting period. (3) FORM.—The report required under para-graph (1) may be submitted in unclassified or classified form, but shall include a publicly available annex. (4) P
ROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI -
DENCE .—The Secretary shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not publicly dis-closed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the de-struction of evidence by the Government of Syria, violent extremist groups, anti-govern-ment forces, or any other combatants or par-ticipants in the conflict. (d) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and of-fices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, and other appropriate Federal agencies, shall— (1) complete a study of the feasibility and desirability of potential transitional justice mechanisms for Syria, including a hybrid tribunal, to address war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Syria beginning in March 2011; and (2) submit a detailed report of the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), including recommendations on which transi-tional justice mechanisms the United States Government should support, why such mech-anisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered, to— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (C) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and of-fices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice and other appro-priate Federal agencies, is authorized to pro-vide appropriate assistance to support enti-ties that, with respect to war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, all forces fighting on its behalf, and all non- state armed groups fighting in the country, including violent extremist groups in Syria beginning in March 2011— (A) identify suspected perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and geno-cide; (B) collect, document, and protect evidence of crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence; (C) conduct criminal investigations; (D) build Syria’s investigative and judicial capacities and support prosecutions in the domestic courts of Syria, provided that President Bashar al-Assad is no longer in power; (E) support investigations by third-party states, as appropriate; or (F) protect witnesses that may be helpful to prosecutions or other transitional justice mechanisms. (2) ADDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State, after consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and the appropriate con-gressional committees, and taking into ac-count the findings of the transitional justice study required under subsection (e), is au-thorized to provide assistance to support the creation and operation of transitional justice mechanisms, including a potential hybrid tribunal, to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011. (3) B
RIEFING .—The Secretary of State shall provide detailed, biannual briefings to the appropriate congressional committees de-scribing the assistance provided to entities described in paragraph (1). (f) S
TATE DEPARTMENT REWARDS FOR JUS-
TICE PROGRAM .—Section 36(b)(10) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(b)(10)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, or genocide committed in Syria be-ginning in March 2011)’’ after ‘‘genocide’’. (g) I
NDEPENDENT INTERNATIONAL COMMIS -
SION OF INQUIRY ON THE SYRIAN ARABREPUB -
LIC.—The Secretary of State, acting through the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations, should use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to advocate that the United Nations Human Rights Council, while the United States remains a member, annu-ally extend the mandate of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic until the Commission has completed its investigation of all alleged violations of international human rights laws beginning in March 2011 in the Syrian Arab Republic. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (D) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (2) G
ENOCIDE .—The term ‘‘genocide’’ means any offense described in section 1091(a) of title 18, United States Code. (3) H
YBRID TRIBUNAL .—The term ‘‘hybrid tribunal’’ means a temporary criminal tri-bunal that involves a combination of domes-tic and international lawyers, judges, and other professionals to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide. (4) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE .—The term ‘‘transitional justice’’ means the range of ju-dicial, nonjudicial, formal, informal, retribu-tive, and restorative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes— (A) to redress legacies of atrocities; and (B) to promote long-term, sustainable peace. (5) W
AR CRIME .—The term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 2348. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00254 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.049 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3255 June 6, 2018 
Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. ENHANCEMENT OF MONITORING AND INVESTIGATION OF TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
Section 1704 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (22 U.S.C. 7104b) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) S
UPPLY CHAIN TRANSPARENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To facilitate monitoring and investigation of human trafficking, the Office of Management and Budget shall en-sure that the searchable public website es-tablished pursuant to the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282) includes the following information on Federal awards at each tier to both domestic and foreign awardees: ‘‘(A) The location of the entity receiving the award and the location of performance and production facilities under the award, including the name of a facility, street ad-dress, city, State if applicable, congressional district if applicable, and country. ‘‘(B) Notice of whether a contractor must provide a compliance plan to prevent human trafficking under section 1703 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (22 U.S.C. 1704a). ‘‘(C) Notice of whether the location of per-formance or production facilities is within a country ranked at tier 2 or tier 3 in the most recent Human Trafficking Report of the De-partment of State. ‘‘(D) Additional information that facili-tates monitoring and investigation of human trafficking. ‘‘(2) P
HASE -IN PERIOD FOR REPORTING SUB -
CONTRACTS AND SUBGRANTS .—Pursuant to paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall— ‘‘(A) issue a time-bound plan to phase in the new reporting not later than January 1, 2020; and ‘‘(B) require reporting of subcontract and subgrant data at all tiers not later than Jan-uary 1, 2022. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
INIMUM THRESHOLD .—Consistent with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282), executive agencies need not disclose contracts, subcontracts, grants, subgrants, or cooperative agreements less than $25,000 or contractors with gross income less than $300,000 in the previous tax year. ‘‘(B) S
ECURITY RISKS .—An awarding agency need not disclose the identity of a foreign awardee if the awarding agency certifies that disclosure of the contractor’s identity would pose a security risk to the contractor or its contractual mission. ‘‘(4) S
COPE.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(A) awards include contracts and sub-contracts, grants and subgrants, and cooper-ative agreements; and ‘‘(B) subcontracts include— ‘‘(i) all tiers of the supply chain, not just those to which the prime contractor is a party; and ‘‘(ii) supplier agreements with vendors, such as long-term arrangements for mate-rials or supplies that benefit multiple con-tracts or with respect to which costs are nor-mally applied to a contractor’s general and administrative expenses or indirect costs.’’. SA 2349. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 88, to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Mili-tary Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes; as follows: 
In section 3(b), strike ‘‘, purchase from willing sellers with donated or appropriated funds,’’. 
SA 2350. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. REPORT ON THE X–47B UNMANNED COMBAT AERIAL VEHICLE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the Naval Air Systems Command shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on potential op-portunities for the use of the X–47B Un-manned Combat Aerial Vehicle. (b) A
SSESSMENT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of using the X–47B Unmanned Combat Aerial Vehicle in support of unmanned aerial refueling and long-range penetrating strike missions, which assessment shall take into account and address the following in connection with such missions: (1) Development of concepts of operations. (2) Development of tactics, techniques, and procedures. (3) Software development. (4) Hardware development. (5) Other technological risk reduction ac-tivities. 
SA 2351. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1018. BUSINESS CASE ANALYSIS OF READY RESERVE FORCE RECAPITALIZA-TION OPTIONS. 
(a) B USINESS CASE ANALYSIS REQUIRED .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall, in consultation with the Admin-istrator of the Maritime Administration and the Commander of United States Transpor-tation Command, submit to he congressional defense committees a report setting forth a business case analysis of recapitalization op-tions for the Ready Reserve Force (RRF). (b) ELEMENTS .—The business case analysis required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Each sealift capability area, and the as-sociated capacity, for which Ready Reserve Force vessels are required to be recapitalized through fiscal year 2048. (2) The categories of vessels being consid-ered in each area specified pursuant to para-graph (1), including the following: (A) United States purpose-built vessels (such as Common Hull Auxiliary Multi-mis-sion Platform). (B) United States non-purpose built vessels (such as vessels formerly engaged in Jones Act trade). (C) Foreign-built vessels that participated in the Maritime Security Program. (D) Foreign-built vessels that did not par-ticipate in the Maritime Security Program. (3) For each category of vessel specified pursuant to paragraph (2), the following: (A) Anticipated availability of vessels within such category in the timeframe need-ed to meet United States Transportation Command sealift requirements. (B) Anticipated purchase price, if applica-ble. (C) Anticipated cost and scope of mod-ernization. (D) Anticipated duration of modernization period. (E) Anticipated service life as a Ready Re-serve Force vessel. (F) Anticipated military utility. (G) Ability of one such vessel to replace more than one existing Ready Reserve Force vessel. (4) A cost-benefit determination on the mix of capabilities and vessels identified pursu-ant to paragraphs (1) through (3) that could ensure United States Transportation Com-mand sealift requirements are met through fiscal year 2048, which determination shall include a comparison of the useful service life of each category of vessels specified pur-suant to paragraph (2) with the costs of such category of vessels. 
SA 2352. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1037. PRIORITY IN PROVISION OF FUNDS FOR NATIONAL GUARD DRUG INTER-DICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG AC-TIVITIES TO STATES EXPERIENCING SEVERE MORTALITY IN CONNEC-TION WITH THE OPIOID CRISIS. 
(a) E LEMENT ON SEVERITY IN STATE DRUG I
NTERDICTION AND COUNTER -DRUG ACTIVITIES  P
LANS .—Subsection (c) of section 112 of title 32, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) certify the age-adjusted mortality rate of the State associated with opioid use dis-orders as based on the most recent ordinal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00255 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.054 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3256 June 6, 2018 
ranking of States according to the age-ad-justed overdose mortality rates of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention.’’. (b) P
RIORITY .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) through (h) as subsections (f) through and (i), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) P
RIORITY IN PROVISION OF FUNDS TO  S
TATES EXPERIENCING SEVERE MORTALITY IN  C
ONNECTION WITH OPIOID CRISIS .—In pro- viding funds under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall afford a priority to States with an overdose mortality rate that is above the national overdose mortality rate, as deter-mined by the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, in connection with the opioid crisis.’’. (c) A
NNUAL REPORT MATTERS .—Subsection (g) of such section, as redesignated by sub-section (b)(1) of this section, is amended in paragraph (2) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including the ef-fectiveness of such activities in assisting the State in addressing the opioid crises (in the case of States afforded a priority in the pro-vision of funds pursuant to subsection (e))’’. 
SA 2353. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 497, strike line 25 and insert the following: (C) The Commander, Naval Air Forces. 
SA 2354. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. CONSTRUCTION AND REHABILITATION OF FACILITIES FOR SENIOR RE-SERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PROGRAMS AT HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVER-SITIES AND MINORITY-SERVING IN-STITUTION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Historically black colleges and univer-sities (HBCUs) and minority-serving institu-tions play a vital role in educating low-in-come and underrepresented students in areas of national need. (2) Historically black colleges and univer-sities and minority-serving institutions pres-ently contribute to the defense readiness and national security of the nation by admin-istering Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (ROTC) programs that prepare students to lead our Armed Forces. (3) Racial and ethnic minority groups made up 40 percent of all active-duty members of the Armed Forces in 2015, up from 25 percent in 1990. Minorities make up a significant and crucial number of the enlisted members in all four of the Armed Forces and also make up an increasingly important number of the officer corps, and yet the officer corps does not yet fully reflect the diversity of the na-tion. While 12 percent of the nation is Afri-can American, only 8 percent of active-duty officers were African American in the most recent report on minority officers in 2011. Similarly, Hispanic Americans make up 15 percent of the population and only 5 percent of the officer corps. And yet a higher number of the enlisted members of the Armed Forces are minorities. (4) Providing a facility for Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps programs is one of the many financial challenges to increasing ac-cess to the officer track in minority settings. Considering the financial strains that face the historically black colleges and univer-sities today, financial strains that are often even greater than those confronting all of the nation’s colleges and universities in time with increasing State budget cuts, it is im-portant to provide additional support to Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps programs at historically black colleges and universities across the country by authorizing the mili-tary departments to provide for the con-struction or rehabilitation of Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps program facilities at historically black colleges and universities and minority-serving institution campuses. (b) CONSTRUCTION AND REHABILITATION AU-
THORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments may provide for the construction and rehabilitation of facilities for Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs at historically black colleges and universities and minority-serving institu-tions that host such programs. (2) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—In deter-mining whether to construct or rehabilitate facilities of historically black colleges and universities and minority-serving institu-tions using the authority in paragraph (1), the Secretary of a military department shall afford special consideration to the following: (A) Colleges and universities, and institu-tions, located in States in which reside a high number of enlisted members of the Armed Forces who are members of a minor-ity group. (B) Colleges and universities, and institu-tions, with a high number of Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps program participants who are members of a minority group. (C) Colleges and universities, and institu-tions, located in States that are reducing funding for higher education. (3) L
IMITATION .—The total number of facili-ties that may be constructed or rehabilitated using the authority in paragraph (1) in any fiscal year may not exceed five facilities. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment of Defense, $20,000,000 for the construc-tion and rehabilitation of facilities in that fiscal year as authorized by subsection (b). 
SA 2355. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: SEC. 7ll. STUDY ON USE OF ACADEMIC PART-NERSHIPS IN NURSING WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Ensuring that the United States has an adequate number of trained nurses with the skills needed to provide special care for our active duty members of the Armed Forces and veteran population suffering from post- traumatic stress disorder and other unique health care needs is essential to maintaining readiness of the Armed Forces. (2) The United States faces a serious chal-lenge to meet the workforce needs to care for active duty members of the Armed Forces and veterans with special health care needs. Assessing the role of academic partnerships in meeting the challenge of ensuring that a pipeline of skilled nurses enter the work-force of the Department of Defense, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and public health is essential to establishing an effec-tive national policy for nursing workforce development. (3) There are a number of programs outside the Department of Defense that reinforce the special workforce training needs of members of the Armed Forces and veterans that should be included in a broader analysis of workforce development issues, including ini-tiatives of the Health Resources and Services Administration of the Department of Health and Human Services. (4) The workforce development framework for medical doctors entering service for the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs should serve as a frame of reference for best practices in developing a similar nursing workforce pipeline. (b) S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, may conduct a study on im-proving the use of academic partnerships in nursing workforce development by the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The study conducted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment and definition of best practices for training of nurses and patient care by nurses. (B) An identification of the impact of aca-demic affiliations and partnerships in nurs-ing education and nursing workforce devel-opment on the quality of care received by ac-tive duty members of the Armed Forces and veterans with respect to their special health care needs. 
SA 2356. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. MENTORSHIP AND MATCHMAKING PROGRAMS TO SUPPORT MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND VET-ERANS WHO ARE ENTREPRENEURS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Programs of educational assistance ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs can be used by members of the Armed Forces and veterans to launch new busi-nesses and such assistance can go underuti-lized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00256 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.054 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3257 June 6, 2018 
(2) The Small Business Administration of-fers mentoring programs for veterans and the Administration can offer mentoring pro-grams for veterans and members of the Armed Forces transitioning to civilian life. (3) Helping members of the Armed Forces identify existing and conceivable business opportunities in their industry of interest or geographic location can be achieved through a process of integrating information about business leads sources like local chambers of commerce with data about service members interested in starting businesses provided to the Small Business Administration by the Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs. (4) Enhancing the opportunity for success of members of the Armed Forces and vet-erans as entrepreneurs can be an important tool for economic development, especially in rural areas of the United States. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is important to establish a mentoring and matchmaking program to help members of the Armed Forces transition to civilian life; (2) Small Business Development Centers of the Small Business Administration should help provide matchmaking services for mem-bers of the Armed Forces to help them iden-tify existing and conceivable business oppor-tunities in their industry of interest or geo-graphic location; and (3) a special emphasis should be made to assist members of the Armed Forces in rural areas of the United States. (c) P
ROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, in partnership with the Admin-istrator of the Small Business Administra-tion and the Secretary of Defense, establish a program consisting of— (A) providing mentors to covered individ-uals to assist them in pursuing goals relat-ing to starting a business; and (B) assistance in matching covered individ-uals with business opportunities relating to starting a business. (2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—For purposes of the program required by paragraph (1), a cov-ered individual is— (A) a member of the Armed Forces who is transitioning to civilian life, a veteran, or a member of the family of such a member of the Armed Forces or veteran; and (B) considering applying for a loan from the Small Business Administration to start a business. 
SA 2357. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. PROMOTING FEDERAL PROCUREMENT WITH HISTORICALLY BLACK COL-LEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MI-NORITY INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of an executive agency, or a contracting officer where appli-cable, shall— (1) assist historically Black colleges and universities and minority institutions to de-velop viable, self-sustaining businesses capa-ble of competing on an equal basis in the mainstream of the United States economy; and (2) promote Federal procurement with his-torically Black colleges and universities and minority institutions by establishing— (A) participation goals of not less than 10 percent for historically Black colleges and universities and minority institutions; (B) requirements that prime contractors and other recipients of Federal funds attain similar participation goals in their procure-ment; and (C) other mechanisms that ensure histori-cally Black colleges and universities and mi-nority institutions have a fair opportunity to participate in Federal procurement. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘historically Black college and university’’ has the meaning given the term in section 631 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1132). (3) The term ‘‘minority institution’’ has the meaning given the term in section 365 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067k). 
SA 2358. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XVII, add the following: 
SEC. 17ll. CONSIDERATION OF FOOD INSECU-RITY IN DETERMINATIONS OF THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVEST-MENT IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 721(f) of the De-fense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (11) as para-graph (12); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(11) the potential effects of the proposed or pending transaction on the security of the food and agriculture systems of the United States, including any effects on the avail-ability of, access to, or safety and quality of food; and’’. (b) I
NCLUSION OF SECRETARIES OF AGRI-
CULTURE AND HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
ON THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT  
IN THE UNITED STATES .—Section 721(k)(2) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(k)(2)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (H), (I), and (J) as subparagraphs (J), (K), and (L), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following: ‘‘(H) The Secretary of Agriculture. ‘‘(I) The Secretary of Health and Human Services.’’. 
SA 2359. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12l. ENHANCEMENT OF CONSIDERATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS IN ARMS EX-PORTS. 
(a) E NHANCED CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any letter of offer to sell, or an application by a person for a license to export, defense articles or defense services controlled for export, regardless of monetary value, shall be subject to the requirements and procedures of section 36 of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776) relating to review and disapproval if the Secretary of State has credible information, with respect to a country to which the defense articles or defense services are proposed to be trans-ferred, that— (A) the government of the country— (i) during the prior two-year period, has been subject to a coup; or (ii) during the prior two-year period— (I) has engaged in torture or ethnic cleans-ing of civilians; or (II) has recruited and used child soldiers; or (iii) during the preceding one-year period, has not prosecuted extrajudicial killings car-ried out by a military or security force (in-cluding paramilitary forces) of the country in accordance with a credible judicial legal process; or (B) the country is a Tier 3 or Tier 2 Watch List Country pursuant to the Trafficking in Persons report submitted under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)). (2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of State shall provide to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress notice of any credible in-formation described in paragraph (1). (3) D
URATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a letter of offer to sell or an application for a license to export described in paragraph (1), the let-ter or application shall be subject to the re-quirements and procedures of section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776) referred to in that paragraph for not less than two years after the date on which the Secretary of State receives the information described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of that paragraph. (B) T
ERMINATION .—With respect to such letter or application, the enhanced congres-sional oversight under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall terminate on the date on which the Secretary of State determines and informs the appropriate committees of Congress that— (i) the credible information described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) has been determined to be inaccurate; (ii) in the case of an activity described in clause (ii) or (iii) of paragraph (1)(A), the ac-tivity has ceased and the government of the applicable country has taken appropriate steps to ensure that such activity does not recur; or (iii) in the case of an activity described in paragraph (1)(A)(i), a democratically elected government has taken office. (b) L
IMITATION ON SALES TO SECURITY  F
ORCES INVOLVED IN EXTRAJUDICIAL  K
ILLINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—No license for export shall be issued or a letter of offer for sale con-cluded for any defense article or defense service controlled for export to be provided to any unit or person involved in an extrajudicial killing until the date on which such extrajudicial killing has been inves-tigated and adjudicated in accordance with a fair and credible legal judicial process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00257 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.051 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3258 June 6, 2018 
(2) W AIVER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The President may waive the limitation under paragraph (1) with re-spect to any specific license or letter of offer for sale if the President— (i) makes a determination that such limi-tation would result in significant harm to United States national security interests; and (ii) provides notice of, and justification for, such determination to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—A waiver under sub-paragraph (A) shall not be effective before the date that is 30 days after the date on which the President provides notice under clause (ii) of that subparagraph. (c) E
NDUSEMONITORING OF MISUSE OF  A
RMS IN HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES .—In chapter 3A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2785), section 40A(a)(2)(B) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘and;’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) such articles and services are not being used, including the intentional or reckless use against civilians, in the com-mission of violations of internationally rec-ognized human rights.’’. (d) H
UMAN RIGHTS ELEMENTS IN AUXILIARY  R
EPORTS .—Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (O), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (P), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(Q) an assessment whether such defense articles or defense services are at risk of being used, including the intentional or reckless use against civilians, in the com-mission of internationally recognized human rights violations, and a description of any measures to be taken by the recipient coun-try or by the United States to guard against and monitor any such use.’’. (e) S
UPPORT FOR LEGITIMATE INTERNAL SE-
CURITY NEEDS .—Section 4 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2754) is amended, in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘legitimate’’ before ‘‘internal security’’. (f) M
ISUSE OF ARMS SALES FOR HUMAN  R
IGHTS ABUSES .—Section 3 of the Arms Ex-port Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2753) is amended in subsection (a)— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘and promote’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, promote’’; and (B) by inserting before the semicolon ‘‘, and is unlikely to contribute to human rights abuses’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) the country or international organiza-tion has agreed not to use such article or service in the commission, or to enable the commission, of a violation of international humanitarian law or internationally recog-nized human rights; and’’. (g) C
ONSIDERATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND  D
EMOCRATIZATION IN ARMSSALES EXPORTS .— In considering an arms sale to a recipient, the Secretary of State shall— (1) take into consideration the human rights and democratization record of the re-cipient; and (2) ensure that the views and expertise of the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State are fully used in such consideration. SA 2360. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1018. TRANSFER OF EXCESS NAVAL VESSEL TO BAHRAIN. 
(a) T RANSFER BY GRANT .—The President is authorized to transfer to the Government of Bahrain the OLIVER HAZARD PERRY class guided missile frigate ex-USS ROBERT G. BRADLEY (FFG–49) on a grant basis under section 516 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j). (b) G
RANT NOTCOUNTED IN ANNUAL TOTAL  
OFTRANSFERRED EXCESS DEFENSE ARTI-
CLES.—The value of the vessel transferred to the Government of Bahrain on a grant basis pursuant to authority provided by sub-section (a) shall not be counted against the aggregate value of excess defense articles transferred in any fiscal year under section 516 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j). (c) C
OSTS OF TRANSFER .—Any expense in-curred by the United States in connection with the transfer authorized by this section shall be charged to the Government of Bah-rain notwithstanding section 516(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j(e)). (d) R
EPAIR AND REFURBISHMENT IN UNITED  S
TATES SHIPYARDS .—To the maximum extent practicable, the President shall require, as a condition of the transfer of a vessel under this section, that the Government of Bahrain have such repair or refurbishment of the ves-sel as is needed, before the vessel joins the naval forces of that country, performed at a shipyard located in the United States, in-cluding a United States Navy shipyard. (e) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—The author-ity to transfer a vessel under this section shall expire at the end of the three-year pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2361. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: Subtitle l—Honest Ads 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Honest Ads Act’’. 
SEC. l02. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to enhance the integrity of American democracy and na-tional security by improving disclosure re-quirements for online political advertise-ments in order to uphold the United States Supreme Court’s well-established standard that the electorate bears the right to be fully informed. SEC. l03. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) On January 6, 2017, the Office of the Di-rector of National Intelligence published a report titled ‘‘Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent U.S. Elections’’, noting that ‘‘Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. Presidential election . . .’’. Moscow’s influence campaign followed a Russian messaging strategy that blends cov-ert intelligence operation—such as cyber ac-tivity—with overt efforts by Russian Gov-ernment agencies, State-funded media, third-party intermediaries, and paid social media users or ‘‘trolls.’’ (2) On November 24, 2016, the Washington Post reported findings from 2 teams of inde-pendent researchers that concluded Russians ‘‘exploited American-made technology plat-forms to attack U.S. democracy at a particu-larly vulnerable moment . . . as part of a broadly effective strategy of sowing distrust in U.S. democracy and its leaders.’’. (3) Findings from a 2017 study on the ma-nipulation of public opinion through social media conducted by the Computational Propaganda Research Project at the Oxford Internet Institute found that the Kremlin is using pro-Russian bots to manipulate public discourse to a highly targeted audience. With a sample of nearly 1,300,000 tweets, re-searchers found that in the 2016 election’s 3 decisive States, propaganda constituted 40 percent of the sampled election-related tweets that went to Pennsylvanians, 34 per-cent to Michigan voters, and 30 percent to those in Wisconsin. In other swing States, the figure reached 42 percent in Missouri, 41 percent in Florida, 40 percent in North Caro-lina, 38 percent in Colorado, and 35 percent in Ohio. (4) On September 6, 2017, the Nation’s larg-est social media platform disclosed that be-tween June 2015 and May 2017, Russian enti-ties purchased $100,000 in political advertise-ments, publishing roughly 3,000 ads linked to fake accounts associated with the Internet Research Agency, a pro-Kremlin organiza-tion. According to the company, the ads pur-chased focused ‘‘on amplifying divisive social and political messages . . .’’. (5) In 2002, the Bipartisan Campaign Re-form Act became law, establishing disclosure requirements for political advertisements distributed from a television or radio broad-cast station or provider of cable or satellite television. In 2003, the Supreme Court upheld regulations on electioneering communica-tions established under the Act, noting that such requirements ‘‘provide the electorate with information and insure that the voters are fully informed about the person or group who is speaking.’’. (6) According to a study from Borrell Asso-ciates, in 2016, $1,415,000,000 was spent on on-line advertising, more than quadruple the amount in 2012. (7) The reach of a few large internet plat-forms—larger than any broadcast, satellite, or cable provider—has greatly facilitated the scope and effectiveness of disinformation campaigns. For instance, the largest plat-form has over 210,000,000 American users— over 160,000,000 of them on a daily basis. By contrast, the largest cable television pro-vider has 22,430,000 subscribers, while the largest satellite television provider has 21,000,000 subscribers. And the most-watched television broadcast in U.S. history had 118,000,000 viewers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00258 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.051 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3259 June 6, 2018 
(8) The public nature of broadcast tele-vision, radio, and satellite ensures a level of publicity for any political advertisement. These communications are accessible to the press, fact-checkers, and political opponents; this creates strong disincentives for a can-didate to disseminate materially false, in-flammatory, or contradictory messages to the public. Social media platforms, in con-trast, can target portions of the electorate with direct, ephemeral advertisements often on the basis of private information the plat-form has on individuals, enabling political advertisements that are contradictory, ra-cially or socially inflammatory, or materi-ally false. (9) According to comScore, 2 companies own 8 of the 10 most popular smartphone ap-plications as of June 2017, including the most popular social media and email services— which deliver information and news to users without requiring proactivity by the user. Those same 2 companies accounted for 99 percent of revenue growth from digital ad-vertising in 2016, including 77 percent of gross spending. 79 percent of online Ameri-cans—representing 68 percent of all Ameri-cans—use the single largest social network, while 66 percent of these users are most like-ly to get their news from that site. (10) In its 2006 rulemaking, the Federal Election Commission noted that only 18 per-cent of all Americans cited the internet as their leading source of news about the 2004 Presidential election; by contrast, the Pew Research Center found that 65 percent of Americans identified an internet-based source as their leading source of information for the 2016 election. (11) The Federal Election Commission, the independent Federal agency charged with protecting the integrity of the Federal cam-paign finance process by providing trans-parency and administering campaign finance laws, has failed to take action to address on-line political advertisements. (12) In testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence titled, ‘‘Disinformation: A Primer in Russian Ac-tive Measures and Influence Campaigns,’’ multiple expert witnesses testified that while the disinformation tactics of foreign adversaries have not necessarily changed, so-cial media services now provide ‘‘platform[s] practically purpose-built for active measures[.]’’ Similarly, as Gen. (RET) Keith B. Alexander, the former Director of the Na-tional Security Agency, testified, during the Cold War ‘‘if the Soviet Union sought to ma-nipulate information flow, it would have to do so principally through its own propaganda outlets or through active measures that would generate specific news: planting of leaflets, inciting of violence, creation of other false materials and narratives. But the news itself was hard to manipulate because it would have required actual control of the organs of media, which took long-term ef-forts to penetrate. Today, however, because the clear majority of the information on so-cial media sites is uncurated and there is a rapid proliferation of information sources and other sites that can reinforce informa-tion, there is an increasing likelihood that the information available to average con-sumers may be inaccurate (whether inten-tionally or otherwise) and may be more eas-ily manipulable than in prior eras.’’. (13) Current regulations on political adver-tisements do not provide sufficient trans-parency to uphold the public’s right to be fully informed about political advertise-ments made online. 
SEC. l04. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the dramatic increase in digital polit-ical advertisements, and the growing cen-trality of online platforms in the lives of Americans, requires the Congress and the Federal Election Commission to take mean-ingful action to ensure that laws and regula-tions provide the accountability and trans-parency that is fundamental to our democ-racy; (2) free and fair elections require both transparency and accountability which give the public a right to know the true sources of funding for political advertisements in order to make informed political choices and hold elected officials accountable; and (3) transparency of funding for political ad-vertisements is essential to enforce other campaign finance laws, including the prohi-bition on campaign spending by foreign na-tionals. SEC. l05. EXPANSION OF DEFINITION OF PUBLIC COMMUNICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (22) of section 301 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101(22)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or satellite communication’’ and insert-ing ‘‘satellite, paid internet, or paid digital communication’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CONTRIBUTIONS AND EX-
PENDITURES .—Section 301 of such Act (52 U.S.C. 30101) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘on broadcasting stations, or in newspapers, magazines, or similar types of general public political advertising’’ in clause (v) and inserting ‘‘in any public communication’’; (B) by striking ‘‘broadcasting, newspaper, magazine, billboard, direct mail, or similar type of general public communication or po-litical advertising’’ in clause (ix)(1) and in-serting ‘‘public communication’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘but not including the use of broadcasting, newspapers, magazines, bill-boards, direct mail, or similar types of gen-eral public communication or political ad-vertising’’ in clause (x) and inserting ‘‘but not including use in any public communica-tion’’; and (2) in paragraph (9)(B)— (A) by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) any news story, commentary, or edi-torial distributed through the facilities of any broadcasting station or any print, on-line, or digital newspaper, magazine, blog, publication, or periodical, unless such broad-casting, print, online, or digital facilities are owned or controlled by any political party, political committee, or candidate;’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘on broadcasting stations, or in newspapers, magazines, or similar types of general public political advertising’’ in clause (iv) and inserting ‘‘in any public communication’’. (c) D
ISCLOSURE AND DISCLAIMER STATE -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) of section 318 of such Act (52 U.S.C. 30120) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘financing any communica-tion through any broadcasting station, news-paper, magazine, outdoor advertising facil-ity, mailing, or any other type of general public political advertising’’ and inserting ‘‘financing any public communication’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘solicits any contribution through any broadcasting station, news-paper, magazine, outdoor advertising facil-ity, mailing, or any other type of general public political advertising’’ and inserting ‘‘solicits any contribution through any pub-lic communication’’. 
SEC. l06. EXPANSION OF DEFINITION OF ELEC-TIONEERING COMMUNICATION. 
(a) E XPANSION TO ONLINE COMMUNICA -
TIONS .— (1) A
PPLICATION TO QUALIFIED INTERNET AND  
DIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) of sec-tion 304(f)(3) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘or satellite commu-nication’’ each place it appears in clauses (i) and (ii) and inserting ‘‘satellite, or qualified internet or digital communication’’. (B) QUALIFIED INTERNET OR DIGITAL COMMU -
NICATION .—Paragraph (3) of section 304(f) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 30104(f)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) Q
UALIFIED INTERNET OR DIGITAL COM -
MUNICATION .—The term ‘qualified internet or digital communication’ means any commu-nication which is placed or promoted for a fee on an online platform (as defined in sub-section (j)(3)).’’. (2) N
ONAPPLICATION OF RELEVANT ELEC -
TORATE TO ONLINE COMMUNICATIONS .—Section 304(f)(3)(A)(i)(III) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(3)(A)(i)(III)) is amended by inserting ‘‘any broadcast, cable, or satellite’’ before ‘‘communication’’. (3) N
EWS EXEMPTION .—Section 304(f)(3)(B)(i) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 30104(f)(3)(B)(i)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) a communication appearing in a news story, commentary, or editorial distributed through the facilities of any broadcasting station or any online or digital newspaper, magazine, blog, publication, or periodical, unless such broadcasting, online, or digital facilities are owned or controlled by any po-litical party, political committee, or can-didate;’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to communications made on or after Janu-ary 1, 2018. 
SEC. l07. APPLICATION OF DISCLAIMER STATE-MENTS TO ONLINE COMMUNICA-TIONS. 
(a) C LEAR AND CONSPICUOUS MANNER RE-
QUIREMENT .—Subsection (a) of section 318 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30120(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall clearly state’’ each place it appears in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and inserting ‘‘shall state in a clear and con-spicuous manner’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following flush sentence: ‘‘For purposes of this subsection, a communication does not make a statement in a clear and conspicuous manner if it is dif-ficult to read or hear or if the placement is easily overlooked.’’. (b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR QUALIFIED INTERNET  
ORDIGITAL COMMUNICATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 318 of such Act (52 U.S.C. 30120) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULES QUALIFIED INTERNET OR  D
IGITAL COMMUNICATIONS .— ‘‘(1) S
PECIAL RULES WITH RESPECT TO STATE -
MENTS .—In the case of any qualified internet or digital communication (as defined in sec-tion 304(f)(3)(D)) which is disseminated through a medium in which the provision of all of the information specified in this sec-tion is not possible, the communication shall, in a clear and conspicuous manner— ‘‘(A) state the name of the person who paid for the communication; and ‘‘(B) provide a means for the recipient of the communication to obtain the remainder of the information required under this sec-tion with minimal effort and without receiv-ing or viewing any additional material other than such required information. ‘‘(2) S
AFE HARBOR FOR DETERMINING CLEAR  
AND CONSPICUOUS MANNER .—A statement in qualified internet or digital communication (as defined in section 304(f)(3)(D)) shall be considered to be made in a clear and con-spicuous manner as provided in subsection (a) if the communication meets the following requirements: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00259 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.050 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3260 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(A) T EXT OR GRAPHIC COMMUNICATIONS .—In the case of a text or graphic communication, the statement— ‘‘(i) appears in letters at least as large as the majority of the text in the communica-tion; and ‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (c). ‘‘(B) A
UDIO COMMUNICATIONS .—In the case of an audio communication, the statement is spoken in a clearly audible and intelligible manner at the beginning or end of the com-munication and lasts at least 3 seconds. ‘‘(C) V
IDEO COMMUNICATIONS .—In the case of a video communication which also includes audio, the statement— ‘‘(i) is included at either the beginning or the end of the communication; and ‘‘(ii) is made both in— ‘‘(I) a written format that meets the re-quirements of subparagraph (A) and appears for at least 4 seconds; and ‘‘(II) an audible format that meets the re-quirements of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) O
THER COMMUNICATIONS .—In the case of any other type of communication, the statement is at least as clear and con-spicuous as the statement specified in sub-paragraphs (A), (B), or (C).’’. (2) N
ONAPPLICATION OF CERTAIN EXCEP -
TIONS .—The exceptions provided in section 110.11(f)(1)(i) and (ii) of title 11, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or any successor to such rules, shall have no application to qualified internet or digital communications (as de-fined in section 304(f)(3)(D) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971). (c) M
ODIFICATION OF ADDITIONAL REQUIRE -
MENTS FOR CERTAIN COMMUNICATIONS .—Sec- tion 318(d) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 30120(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘which is transmitted through radio’’ and inserting ‘‘which is in an audio format’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘B
Y RADIO ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘A
UDIO FORMAT ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘which is transmitted through television’’ and inserting ‘‘which is in video format’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘B
Y TELEVISION ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘V
IDEO FORMAT ’’; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘transmitted through radio or television’’ and inserting ‘‘made in audio or video format’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘through television’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘in video for-mat’’. 
SEC. l08. POLITICAL RECORD REQUIREMENTS FOR ONLINE PLATFORMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) D
ISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN ONLINE ADVER -
TISEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ONLINE PLAT -
FORMS .—An online platform shall maintain, and make available for online public inspec-tion in machine readable format, a complete record of any request to purchase on such on-line platform a qualified political advertise-ment which is made by a person whose ag-gregate requests to purchase qualified polit-ical advertisements on such online platform during the calendar year exceeds $500. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ADVERTISERS .— Any person who requests to purchase a quali-fied political advertisement on an online platform shall provide the online platform with such information as is necessary for the online platform to comply with the require-ments of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF RECORD .—A record main-tained under paragraph (1)(A) shall contain— ‘‘(A) a digital copy of the qualified polit-ical advertisement; ‘‘(B) a description of the audience targeted by the advertisement, the number of views generated from the advertisement, and the date and time that the advertisement is first displayed and last displayed; and ‘‘(C) information regarding— ‘‘(i) the average rate charged for the adver-tisement; ‘‘(ii) the name of the candidate to which the advertisement refers and the office to which the candidate is seeking election, the election to which the advertisement refers, or the national legislative issue to which the advertisement refers (as applicable); ‘‘(iii) in the case of a request made by, or on behalf of, a candidate, the name of the candidate, the authorized committee of the candidate, and the treasurer of such com-mittee; and ‘‘(iv) in the case of any request not de-scribed in clause (iii), the name of the person purchasing the advertisement, the name, ad-dress, and phone number of a contact person for such person, and a list of the chief execu-tive officers or members of the executive committee or of the board of directors of such person. ‘‘(3) ONLINE PLATFORM .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘online platform’ means any public-facing website, web appli-cation, or digital application (including a so-cial network, ad network, or search engine) which— ‘‘(A) sells qualified political advertise-ments; and ‘‘(B) has 50,000,000 or more unique monthly United States visitors or users for a majority of months during the preceding 12 months. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED POLITICAL ADVERTISEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘qualified political adver-tisement’ means any advertisement (includ-ing search engine marketing, display adver-tisements, video advertisements, native ad-vertisements, and sponsorships) that— ‘‘(i) is made by or on behalf of a candidate; or ‘‘(ii) communicates a message relating to any political matter of national importance, including— ‘‘(I) a candidate; ‘‘(II) any election to Federal office; or ‘‘(III) a national legislative issue of public importance. ‘‘(5) T
IME TO MAINTAIN FILE .—The informa-tion required under this subsection shall be made available as soon as possible and shall be retained by the online platform for a pe-riod of not less than 4 years. ‘‘(6) P
ENALTIES .—For penalties for failure by online platforms, and persons requesting to purchase a qualified political advertise-ment on online platforms, to comply with the requirements of this subsection, see sec-tion 309.’’. (b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Election Commission shall es-tablish rules— (1) requiring common data formats for the record required to be maintained under sec-tion 304(j) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (as added by subsection (a)) so that all online platforms submit and main-tain data online in a common, machine-read-able and publicly accessible format; and (2) establishing search interface require-ments relating to such record, including searches by candidate name, issue, pur-chaser, and date. (c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and biannually thereafter, the Chairman of the Federal Election Commission shall sub-mit a report to Congress on— (1) matters relating to compliance with and the enforcement of the requirements of section 304(j) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971, as added by subsection (a); (2) recommendations for any modifications to such section to assist in carrying out its purposes; and (3) identifying ways to bring transparency and accountability to political advertise-ments distributed online for free. SEC. l09. PREVENTING CONTRIBUTIONS, EX-PENDITURES, INDEPENDENT EX-PENDITURES, AND DISBURSEMENTS FOR ELECTIONEERING COMMUNICA-TIONS BY FOREIGN NATIONALS IN THE FORM OF ONLINE ADVER-TISING. 
Section 319 of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30121) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c) Each television or radio broadcast sta-tion, provider of cable or satellite television, or online platform (as defined in section 304(j)(3)) shall make reasonable efforts to en-sure that communications described in sec-tion 318(a) and made available by such sta-tion, provider, or platform are not purchased by a foreign national, directly or indi-rectly.’’. 
SA 2362. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Ms. C
OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. ANNUAL STATE REPORT CARD. 
Section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(h)(1)(C)(ii)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘on active duty (as defined in section 101(d)(5) of such title)’’. 
SA 2363. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 1066. REQUIRING DISCLOSURE OF CREDIT VERIFICATION VALUE AS CONDI-TION OF ACCEPTANCE OF ONLINE CONTRIBUTIONS TO FEDERAL ELEC-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 302 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30102) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j)(1) No political committee shall accept any Internet credit card contribution un-less— ‘‘(A) the individual or entity making such contribution is required, at the time such in-dividual makes such contribution, to dis-close the credit verification value of such credit card; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00260 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.050 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3261 June 6, 2018 
‘‘(B)(i) the billing address associated with such credit card is located in the United States; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a contribution made by an individual who is a United States citizen living outside of the United States, the indi-vidual provides the committee with the United States mailing address the individual uses for voter registration purposes. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding subsection (b) or (c), in the case of an Internet credit card con-tribution— ‘‘(A) no later than 10 days after receiving the contribution, the person who receives the contribution shall forward to the treas-urer such contribution, the name and ad-dress of the person making the contribution, and the date of receipt; and ‘‘(B) the treasurer of a political committee shall keep an account of the name and ad-dress of any person making any such con-tribution, together with the date and amount of such contribution by any person. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘Internet credit card contribution’ means a contribu-tion that— ‘‘(A) is made using a credit card; and ‘‘(B) is received through an Internet website.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to contributions made after the expira-tion of the 180-day period which begins on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2364. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. K
AINE, and Mr. K ENNEDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. RESIDENCE OF SPOUSES OF SERVICEMEMBERS FOR TAX PUR-POSES. 
(a) R ESIDENCE FOR TAXPURPOSES .—Section 511(a)(2) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 4001(a)(2)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The spouse of a servicemember may elect to use the same residence for purposes of taxation as the servicemember regardless of the date on which the marriage of the spouse and the servicemember occurred.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any return of State or local income tax filed for any taxable year beginning with the tax-able year that includes the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. lll. RESIDENCE OF SPOUSES OF SERVICEMEMBERS FOR VOTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 705(b) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 4025(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘State or local office’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘State or local office—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) a person who is absent from a State because the person is accompanying the per-son’s spouse who is absent from that same State in compliance with military or naval orders shall not, solely by reason of that ab-sence— ‘‘(A) be deemed to have lost a residence or domicile in that State, without regard to whether or not the person intends to return to that State; ‘‘(B) be deemed to have acquired a resi-dence or domicile in any other State; or ‘‘(C) be deemed to have become a resident in or a resident of any other State; and ‘‘(2) the spouse of a servicemember may elect to use the same residence as the serv-icemember regardless of the date on which the marriage of the spouse and the service-member occurred.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2365. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Mr. T
ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. ESTABLISHMENT OF CENTER OF EX-CELLENCE IN PREVENTION, DIAG-NOSIS, MITIGATION, TREATMENT, AND REHABILITATION OF HEALTH CONDITIONS RELATING TO EXPO-SURE TO BURN PITS AND OTHER EN-VIRONMENTAL EXPOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 7330C. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and reha-bilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environ-mental exposures ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary shall establish within the Department a cen-ter of excellence in the prevention, diag-nosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilita-tion of health conditions relating to expo-sure to burn pits and other environmental exposures to carry out the responsibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish the cen-ter of excellence under paragraph (1) through the use of— ‘‘(A) the directives and policies of the De-partment in effect as of the date of the en-actment of the John S. McCain National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019; ‘‘(B) the recommendations of the Comp-troller General of the United States and In-spector General of the Department in effect as of such date; and ‘‘(C) guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense under section 313 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 1074 note). ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF SITE.—In selecting the site for the center of excellence established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider entities that— ‘‘(1) are equipped with the specialized equipment needed to study, diagnose, and treat health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures; ‘‘(2) have a track record of publishing in-formation relating to post-deployment health exposures among veterans who served in the Armed Forces in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Free-dom; ‘‘(3) have access to animal models and in vitro models of dust immunology and lung injury consistent with the injuries of mem-bers of the Armed Forces who served in sup-port of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Oper-ation Enduring Freedom; and ‘‘(4) have expertise in allergy, immu-nology, and pulmonary diseases. ‘‘(c) COLLABORATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that the center of excellence collabo-rates, to the maximum extent practicable, with the Secretary of Defense, institutions of higher education, and other appropriate public and private entities (including inter-national entities) to carry out the respon-sibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The center of ex-cellence shall have the following responsibil-ities: ‘‘(1) To provide for the development, test-ing, and dissemination within the Depart-ment of best practices for the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(2) To provide guidance for the health sys-tems of the Department and the Department of Defense in determining the personnel re-quired to provide quality health care for members of the Armed Forces and veterans with health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(3) To establish, implement, and oversee a comprehensive program to train health pro-fessionals of the Department and the Depart-ment of Defense in the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures. ‘‘(4) To facilitate advancements in the study of the short-term and long-term ef-fects of exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(5) To disseminate within medical facili-ties of the Department best practices for training health professionals with respect to health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(6) To conduct basic science and translational research on health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures for the purposes of understanding the etiology of such condi-tions and developing preventive interven-tions and new treatments. ‘‘(7) To provide medical treatment to vet-erans diagnosed with medical conditions spe-cific to exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(e) U
SE OF BURNPITSREGISTRY DATA.—In carrying out its responsibilities under sub-section (d), the center of excellence shall have access to and make use of the data ac-cumulated by the burn pits registry estab-lished under section 201 of the Dignified Bur-ial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improve-ment Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). ‘‘(f) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall carry out this section using amounts appropriated to the Department for such purpose. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘burn pit’ means an area of land located in Afghanistan or Iraq that— ‘‘(A) is designated by the Secretary of De-fense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and ‘‘(B) does not contain a commercially man-ufactured incinerator or other equipment specifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. ‘‘(2) The term ‘other environmental expo-sures’ means exposure to environmental haz-ards, including burn pits, dust or sand, haz-ardous materials, and waste at any site in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00261 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.055 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3262 June 6, 2018 
Afghanistan or Iraq that emits smoke con-taining pollutants present in the environ-ment or smoke from fires or explosions.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330B the following new item: ‘‘7330C. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treat-ment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures.’’. 
SA 2366. Mr. LEE (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Mr. C RUZ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DE-TENTION OF CITIZENS AND LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4001(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) No citizen or lawful permanent resi-dent of the United States may be imprisoned or otherwise detained by the United States unless such imprisonment or detention is consistent with the Constitution and is car-ried out pursuant to an Act of Congress that expressly authorizes such imprisonment or detention.’’. (b) R
ELATIONSHIP TO AN AUTHORIZATION TO U
SEMILITARY FORCE , DECLARATION OF WAR, 
ORSIMILAR AUTHORITY .—Section 4001 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, may not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States apprehended in the United States. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall apply to an author-ization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(3) This section may not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention of a citizen of the United States, a lawful perma-nent resident of the United States, or any other person who is apprehended in the United States.’’. 
SA 2367. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. M
ORAN , and Mr. H ATCH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 322. REPORT ON AIR FORCE TRAINING RANGE REQUIREMENTS TO AD-DRESS FIFTH GENERATION THREATS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Department of Defense needs to en-sure that air training ranges are properly equipped to prepare pilots for operating in any battlespace where they may have to op-erate. (2) The ongoing development of anti-air-craft technology among near-peer competi-tors of the United States, and the prolifera-tion of that technology to a widening array of potential battlefields, necessitates max-imum preparedness among United States fighter and bomber pilots. (3) Years of focusing on low intensity sta-bility operations and multiple budget cycles under spending caps have resulted in an under capitalization of fifth generation training resources. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the needs of the Air Force to ensure pilots can train against the full range of fifth generation threats at training ranges, in-cluding— (1) the appropriate mix of live and virtual threats that should be available on the train-ing ranges; (2) the need to have threat representative simulators at those training ranges; (3) the plan to meet those needs; (4) the resources required to meet those needs; and (5) the timeline for meeting those needs. 
SA 2368. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1650. REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OF LONG- RANGE STAND-OFF WEAPON. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until De-cember 31, 2024, the Secretary of the Air Force shall, in coordination with the Admin-istrator for Nuclear Security, submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the joint development of the long- range stand-off weapon, including the mis-sile developed by the Air Force and the W80– 4 warhead life extension program conducted by the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An estimate of the date on which the long-range stand-off weapon will reach ini-tial operating capability. (2) A description of any development mile-stones for the missile developed by the Air Force or the warhead developed by the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration that depend on corresponding progress at the other agency. (3) A description of coordination efforts be-tween the Air Force and the National Nu-clear Security Administration during the 180 days preceding submission of the report. (4) A description of any schedule delays projected by the Air Force or the National Nuclear Security Administration and the an-ticipated effect such delays would have on the other agency’s schedule of work. (5) Plans to mitigate the effects of any delays described in paragraph (4). (6) A description of any ways, including through the availability of additional fund-ing or authorities, in which the development milestones described in paragraph (2) or the estimated date of initial operating capa-bility referred to in paragraph (1), could be achieved more quickly. (c) FORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
SA 2369. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. SENSE OF SENATE ON MANAGEMENT OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS TRAFFIC WITHIN THE NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the De-partment of Defense should collaborate with the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration on the development of systems or technologies to manage unmanned aircraft systems traffic within the national airspace system in order to— (1) ensure that unmanned aircraft systems owned or operated by the Department can be flown safely, wherever they are authorized to fly in the national airspace system; and (2) enhance the ability of the Department to mitigate threats to its facilities and as-sets posed by unmanned aircraft as author-ized by section 130i of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 2370. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN NAMES ON THE VIETNAM VETERANS MEMO-RIAL. 
The Secretary of Defense shall provide for the inclusion on the Vietnam Veterans Me-morial in the District of Columbia the names of the seventy-four crew members of the USS Frank E. Evans killed on June 3, 1969. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00262 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.055 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3263 June 6, 2018 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 6, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 6, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Tara Sweeney, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 6, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas, and Lance E. Walker, of Maine, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SPACE , SCIENCE , AND 
COMPETITIVENESS  
The Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 6, 2018, at 3 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Future of the International Space Station: Stakeholder Perspectives.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON FEDERAL SPENDING  
OVERSIGHT AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  
The Subcommittee on Federal Spend-ing Oversight and Emergency Manage-ment of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 6, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘War Powers and the Effects of Unauthorized Military Engagements on Federal Spending.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON BORDER SECURITY AND  
IMMIGRATION  
The Subcommittee on Border Secu-rity and Immigration of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Wednesday, June 6, 2018, at 2:45 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Student Visa Integrity: Protecting Educational Opportunity and National Security.’’ f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that Marta Aparicio, a fellow in my office, be granted privi-leges of the floor until August 3, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Jaime Hamre, have privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 61, H.R. 88. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Park-er’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Adjustment and Park-er’s Crossroads Battlefield Designation Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
FFILIATED AREA .—The term ‘‘affiliated area’’ means the Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield established as an affiliated area of the National Park System by section 4(a). (2) P
ARK.—The term ‘‘Park’’ means Shiloh National Military Park, a unit of the National Park System. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. AREAS TO BE ADDED TO SHILOH NA-TIONAL MILITARY PARK. 
(a) A DDITIONAL AREAS.—The boundary of the Park is modified to include the areas that are generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Shiloh National Military Park, Proposed Boundary Adjustment’’, numbered 304/80,011, and dated July 2014, and which are comprised of the fol-lowing: (1) Fallen Timbers Battlefield. (2) Russell House Battlefield. (3) Davis Bridge Battlefield. (b) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may acquire the land described in subsection (a) by donation, purchase from willing sellers with donated or appropriated funds, or exchange. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—Any land acquired under this section shall be administered as part of the Park. SEC. 4. ESTABLISHMENT OF AFFILIATED AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Parker’s Crossroads Battle-field in the State of Tennessee is established as an affiliated area of the National Park System. (b) D
ESCRIPTION OF AFFILIATED AREA.—The affiliated area shall consist of the area gen-erally depicted within the ‘‘Proposed Bound-ary’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield, Proposed Boundary’’, numbered 903/ 80,073, and dated July 2014. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The affiliated area shall be managed in accordance with— (1) this Act; and (2) any law generally applicable to units of the National Park System. (d) M
ANAGEMENT ENTITY .—The City of Park-ers Crossroads and the Tennessee Historical Commission shall jointly be the management en-tity for the affiliated area. (e) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary may provide technical assistance and enter into cooperative agreements with the man-agement entity for the purpose of providing fi-nancial assistance for the marketing, marking, interpretation, and preservation of the affiliated area. (f) L
IMITED ROLE OF THE SECRETARY .—Noth- ing in this Act authorizes the Secretary to ac-quire property at the affiliated area or to as-sume overall financial responsibility for the op-eration, maintenance, or management of the af-filiated area. (g) G
ENERAL MANAGEMENT PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-tion with the management entity, shall develop a general management plan for the affiliated area in accordance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (2) T
RANSMITTAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made avail-able to carry out this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the general management plan developed under paragraph (1). 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported amendment be agreed to, the Mur-kowski amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be con-sidered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2349) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify the authorized meth-ods for the acquisition of land to be added to the Shiloh National Military Park.) In section 3(b), strike ‘‘, purchase from willing sellers with donated or appropriated funds,’’. 
The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amend-ed, was agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 88), as amended, was passed. 
f 
JOHN MUIR NATIONAL HISTORIC SITE EXPANSION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 172, H.R. 1719. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00263 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.059 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3264 June 6, 2018 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1719) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to acquire approxi-mately 44 acres of land in Martinez, Cali-fornia, for inclusion in the John Muir Na-tional Historic Site, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1719) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
THE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of the following Calendar bills en bloc: Calendar Nos. 432, 433, 434, and 415. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bills by title en bloc. 
f 
NATIONAL VETERANS MEMORIAL AND MUSEUM ACT The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1900) to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum, and for other purposes. f 
NATIONAL NORDIC MUSEUM ACT 
A bill (S. 2857) to designate the Nordic Mu-seum in Seattle, Washington, as the ‘‘Na-tional Nordic Museum,’’ and for other pur-poses. f 
TO AUTHORIZE, DIRECT, FACILI-TATE, AND EXPEDITE THE TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDICTION OF CERTAIN FED-ERAL LAND 
A bill (H.R. 1397) to authorize, direct, fa-cilitate, and expedite the transfer of admin-istrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes. f 
NATIONAL EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES COMMEMORATIVE WORK ACT 
A bill (S. 1692) to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its en-virons, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bills, en bloc, be con-sidered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 1900) was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. The bill (S. 2857) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 1397) was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. The bill (S. 1692) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. MCCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bills en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bills having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bills pass en bloc? The bill (H.R. 1900) was passed. The bill (S. 2857) was passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 2857 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Nordic Museum Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the Nordic Museum in Seattle, Wash-ington, is the only museum in the United States dedicated to Nordic history, culture, and art; (2) Nordic people have long contributed to the rich cultural heritage of the United States; (3) the Nordic Museum serves as a unique and valuable resource locally and nationally for expanding knowledge relating to— (A) Nordic heritage; and (B) the impact Nordic heritage has had throughout the United States; (4) a new state-of-the-art facility was opened to house the Nordic Museum on May 5, 2018, making Nordic history, culture, and art even more engaging and accessible to the public; (5) to provide funds and exhibits for the new Nordic Museum, numerous public and private entities and many private individ-uals partnered together, including— (A) the State of Washington; (B) King County, Washington; (C) the Nordic Council, which is composed of representatives from the national par-liaments of Nordic countries; and (D) the national museums of Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden; (6) the Nordic Museum is— (A) a significant resource for preserving and celebrating the history, culture, and art of Nordic immigrants in the United States; and (B) the only museum in the United States that exists for the exclusive purpose of pre-serving, interpreting, and providing edu-cation about Nordic culture and heritage; and (7) the Nordic Museum promotes valuable international relations between the United States and the Nordic countries of Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden. 
SEC. 3. DESIGNATION OF NATIONAL NORDIC MU-SEUM. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Nordic Museum lo-cated at 2655 N.W. Market Street, Seattle, Washington, is designated as the ‘‘National Nordic Museum’’. (b) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The museum designated by subsection (a) is not a unit of the Na-tional Park System. (2) U
SE OF FEDERAL FUNDS .—The designa-tion of the museum by subsection (a) shall not require Federal funds to be expended for any purpose related to the museum. The bill (H.R. 1397) was passed. The bill (S. 1692) was passed, as fol-lows: 
S. 1692 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Emergency Medical Services Commemora-tive Work Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) each year, throughout the United States, the 850,000 first responders of Emer-gency Medical Services answer more than 30,000,000 calls to serve 22,000,000 patients in need of life-saving care and comfort at a mo-ment of notice and without reservation; (2) with little regard for their own safety and in the face of all hazards, the first re-sponders of Emergency Medical Services re-spond across the spectrum of incidents from a medical emergency of a single person to naturally occurring or manmade disasters, including terrorist attacks that threaten the entire United States; (3) the commitment of the first responders of Emergency Medical Services to others, at a moment of notice and despite risk, exem-plifies the finest traditions of the spirit of the people of the United States; (4) as an element of the homeland defense strategy of the United States, Emergency Medical Services stands on the ‘‘Nation’s first line of defense in the prevention and mitigation of risk from terrorist attacks, man-made incidents, and natural disasters’’; (5) the first responders of Emergency Med-ical Services, along with the members of Law Enforcement and Fire Services, serving in both the public and private sectors as ca-reer and volunteer emergency medical serv-ice providers— (A) are a critical element of the homeland and national security efforts of the United States; and (B) provide for the domestic tranquility of the citizens of the United States; (6) all too often the risks associated with the critical role of Emergency Medical Serv-ices results in an unacceptable rate of injury and fatality to first responders; (7) statistics compiled by the Department of Labor and the National Highway Safety Administration indicate that Emergency Medical Services providers— (A) die in the line of duty at a rate more than twice the national average for all occu-pational fatalities; and (B) experience an injury rate of virtually 100 percent during the careers of the pro-viders; (8) the United States has historically and continually relied on the selfless and ulti-mate sacrifices made by citizens in service to the United States and the families and loved ones of citizens in service to the United States, in order to maintain the do-mestic tranquility, safety, and security of the United States; (9) the first responders of Emergency Med-ical Services continue to serve in this finest tradition, in the face of unacceptable sac-rifice, risk, and danger in service to the United States and the citizens of the United States; (10) the scope of responsibility assumed by the first responders of Emergency Medical Services is broad and unique; and (11) the sacrifice and commitment of the first responders of Emergency Medical Serv-ices in service to the United States is deserv-ing of a commemorative work that recog-nizes the sacrifice and commitment of the first responders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00264 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.048 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3265 June 6, 2018 
SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATION TO ESTABLISH COM-MEMORATIVE WORK BY THE NA-TIONAL EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICES MEMORIAL FOUNDATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Founda-tion’’) may establish a commemorative work on Federal land in the District of Columbia and its environs to commemorate the com-mitment and service represented by Emer-gency Medical Services. (b) C
OMPLIANCE WITHSTANDARDS FOR COM-
MEMORATIVE WORKS .—The establishment of the commemorative work under this section shall be in accordance with chapter 89 of title 40, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Commemorative Works Act’’). (c) P
AYMENT OF EXPENSES .— (1) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY  
MEDICAL SERVICES MEMORIAL FOUNDATION .— The Foundation shall be solely responsible for acceptance of contributions for, and pay-ment of the expenses of, the establishment of the commemorative work under this section. (2) U
SE OF FEDERAL FUNDS PROHIBITED .— Federal funds may not be used to pay any ex-pense of the establishment of the commemo-rative work under this section. (d) D
EPOSIT OF EXCESS FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If on payment of all ex-penses for the establishment of the com-memorative work (including the mainte-nance and preservation amount required by section 8906(b)(1) of title 40, United States Code), there remains a balance of funds re-ceived for the establishment of the com-memorative work under this section, the Foundation shall transmit the amount of the balance to the Secretary of the Interior for deposit in the account provided for in section 8906(b)(3) of title 40, United States Code. (2) O
N EXPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—If on ex- piration of the authority for the commemo-rative work under section 8903(e) of title 40, United States Code, there remains a balance of funds received for the establishment of the commemorative work under this section, the Foundation shall transmit the amount of the balance to a separate account with the Na-tional Park Foundation for memorials, to be available to the Secretary of the Interior or Administrator of General Services, as appro-priate, in accordance with the process pro-vided in section 8906(b)(4) of title 40, United States Code, for accounts established under paragraph (2) or (3) of section 8906(b) of title 40, United States Code. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, June 7; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. I further ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session for the con-sideration of the Marcus nomination, under the previous order, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; fi-nally, that at 12:30 p.m., all debate time on the nomination be expired and the Senate vote on confirmation of the Marcus nomination with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators T
ILLIS , B ROWN , and P
ORTMAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the consent with respect to H.R. 88 be amended to reflect that the Murkowski amendment was an amendment to the committee- reported amendment and the com-mittee substitute, as amended, be agreed to and the bill, as amended, passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING DOCUMENT PRODUC-TION BY THE SELECT COM-MITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to consideration of S. Res. 536, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 536) to authorize doc-ument production by the Select Committee on Intelligence. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motionS to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 536) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
f 
CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, barely a day goes by that doesn’t bring news of another consumer protection rollback and another handout to Wall Street, day after day in this body or down-town. This weekend, we heard that the Fed-eral Reserve plans changes to the Volcker rule—the rule that stops big banks from taking big risks with Americans’ money. The month before, the Federal Reserve Vice Chair, Randal Quarles, said the Fed wants to loosen rules on foreign megabanks. Those are the banks like Santander and Deutsche Bank. These are banks headquartered abroad, but they abuse the public trust in this country and have been fined in the past. The Federal Reserve Vice Chair—who once was in the Bush ad-ministration, and prediction after pre-diction missed the implosion of the economy in 2007 and 2008—wants to loosen the rules on foreign megabanks. I don’t even understand the logic, let alone the sensibleness of it. Today, we learned that Mick Mulvaney is continuing his systematic dismantling of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau by disbanding the Consumer Advisory Board. It is a board of 25 advocates for American con-sumers and industry experts. It is re-quired by law to meet twice a year, but Mulvaney now says they won’t hold any meetings—not today, not tomor-row, not next week, not next month, period—they were supposed to meet with Mulvaney to advocate for Amer-ican consumers, but they are done with that, I guess—not ever, until Mulvaney replaces all the members with his handpicked cronies. Even though Federal law says: You have to meet with them—required by law to meet twice a year—Mulvaney said: I am not meeting with them until they quit and I get my handpicked friends of payday lenders, friends of Wall Street, friends of big banks, friends of financial service companies who think about politics and govern-ment and regulation the way I think. What is right about that? Apparently, Director Mulvaney, who, as we know, has two jobs—Office of Budget and Management and also head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau—and that is peculiar, putting it mildly. He has two absolutely full- time jobs that he is supposed to do, ap-parently, although he has time to chat up payday lenders at golf resorts in the Bahamas, but he can’t make time to meet with actual consumer experts, even though it is the law to do that twice a year. He doesn’t like these con-sumer experts, so he is saying he is not going to do it. The Board is supposed to advise the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on trends that they are seeing so the Bureau can stay ahead of scams and fraud. It is one more tool—or should be one more tool—to try to prevent corporations from scamming consumers before it happens. For a change, let’s stop the corrup-tion and stop the back-scratching and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00265 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.075 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3266 June 6, 2018 
stop the favors for Wall Street before they happen rather than taxpayers bailing out these companies after they scam the public and then the public is left penniless in far too many cases. It is also an opportunity for the Di-rector to hear what kinds of consumer problems Americans are facing. Here is fundamentally the reason why. Pope Francis, soon after he assumed the pa-pacy, admonished his parish priests to go out and smell like the flock. Go out and smell like the flock. In other words, go out among people and see what troubles them, see what their problems are, try to experience their lives as much as a well-paid public servant can, including a Senator, in-cluding a Congressman or Congress-woman, including a city council per-son, whoever. Go out and smell like the flock. So instead of Mulvaney going and hanging around payday lenders in Bahamas, maybe he ought to go out and smell like the flock. Maybe he ought to follow the words of Pope Francis and listen to the problems peo-ple have. One of the ways of doing that is listening to these 25 advocates for American consumers and industry ex-perts. As I said, they are required to meet twice a year, and if he is not lis-tening to them—he clearly isn’t listen-ing to people who can share some of these thoughts. Similarly, when Lincoln was Presi-dent, his staff wanted him to stay in the White House and win the war and free the slaves and preserve the Union, and Lincoln said: No, I have to go out and get my public opinion baths. Well, Director Mulvaney could use some pub-lic opinion baths. He could use some going out and smelling like the flock. Maybe he then would understand con-sumers’ problems. But he really doesn’t seem to want to do that. Over and over again, he has used his position at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to do favors for cor-porate special interests rather than look out for the people he is supposed to serve. He canceled an investigation into the payday lending industry, which preys on consumers and traps them in a downward spiral of debt. We know how that happens. People don’t genuinely get one payday loan. Their car breaks down, and they borrow $400 because they can’t get to work. They will not be able to pay their rent if they can’t get to work, so they borrow the $400 because they don’t have $400 in their pocket. A quarter of Americans— more than that—don’t have $400 of dis-cretionary money in their pockets to pay for an emergency. They go to a payday lender. They can’t pay them back right away, so they get another payday loan. They can’t pay that back, and by the end, they end up paying $1,500. They never get out of that down-ward spiral. Does Director Mulvaney care? Apparently not. He is too busy hanging out with payday lending advo-cates and payday lenders themselves. If that weren’t bad enough, this week he ordered the Bureau to team up with those same payday lenders. He joined a lawsuit to delay a rule protecting con-sumers from triple-digit interest rates. Do you know why I say triple digits? Again, that is what happens. Almost nobody gets one payday loan. They simply can’t pay it back quickly enough, so they get a second and a third. You don’t have to be very good in math. Even Senators can understand this. If you are getting three, four, five, six payday loans, you are into paying triple-digit interest rates. If you bor-row $300, you end up paying back $500, $600, $700. He has gutted the Office of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau that was supposed to stop discrimina-tion in lending. He has disbanded the team that protected student loan bor-rowers. Nobody who is even as conserv-ative as anybody in this body might be, who is in the tank with Wall Street as much as anybody in this body might be—there are a whole lot of them in that category—nobody really believes that we created the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau to fleece con-sumers and to protect payday lenders, but that is what the new administrator seems to want. He has hired a bunch of political cronies. We know that. He has given them political salaries. We know that. When he testified to the Banking Committee, sitting behind him were very well-dressed political cronies pull-ing down very big salaries, comparable to his salary and in some cases higher than Senators’ salaries. I am not com-plaining about that; I am just saying that these are well-paid people who are political cronies who simply aren’t looking out for consumers. It never ends. That is just the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau. Step back and look at what is hap-pening in Washington, and you see the same pattern—favors for Wall Street, favors for special interests, no matter what it costs American workers, no matter what it costs American fami-lies. The White House looks like an execu-tive retreat. It looks like a retreat for Wall Street executives, except when it looks like a retreat for drug company executives, except when it looks like a retreat for big bank lobbyists, or ex-cept when it looks like a retreat for payday lenders and Big Pharma lobby-ists. That is the White House. This place looks the same. The doors open wide around here for lobbyists from the big drug companies, for lobby-ists from Wall Street, for lobbyists from the biggest insurance companies in the country—not so much for public interest. You can see that in this body. Mick Mulvaney even admitted to a room full of bankers—get this. This is illuminating. It is illustrative. It doesn’t shock me because I have watched him, and I have watched many people who are just like him here. Mick Mulvaney even admitted to a room full of bankers that he decided whom he would meet with based on campaign contributions. I am not mak-ing this up. He was a Congressman be-fore. These are his words: 
We had a hierarchy in my office in Con-gress. If you’re a lobbyist who never gave us money, I didn’t talk to you. If you’re a lob-byist who gave us money, I might talk to you. 
Hear that again. This is Mick Mulvaney, who is now in charge of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. And consumers aren’t writing big checks to Members of Congress; it is the interest groups. He said: 
We had a hierarchy in my office in Con-gress. If you’re a lobbyist who never gave us money, I didn’t talk to you. If you’re a lob-byist who gave us money, I might talk to you. 
Those are his words. What was par-ticularly troubling about that was he was telling a room full of bankers that story, and he was saying: Come to me. Come to me. Give us money. Not him per se because he is not run-ning for office now, but give Members of Congress money. Get involved. Make contributions. Come into their offices— don’t give them the money in the of-fice. That would be perhaps vulgar and illegal. But give these politicians money, and then they may do things for you. As the head of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, he was basically in-viting these bankers: Give more money. Give more money. Give more money. Imagine that. Imagine that. Talk about the White House looking like a retreat for payday lending ex-ecutives and Wall Street executives. Now we are seeing how devastating those priorities are for American con-sumers. Think about the 3
1⁄2million victims of Wells Fargo’s fake account scandal. Think about the servicemem-bers who had their cars repossessed while serving their country overseas. They come back from combat, they come back from service overseas, and their car has been repossessed. Why? Because the Bureau is not on the beat anymore to protect those servicemem-bers from those kinds of scandals. Think about the grandmother who ended up paying 300 percent on a $300 loan. While Mick Mulvaney is looking out for Wall Street, who is looking out for the servicemember? Who is looking out for the grandmother? Who is looking out for the Wells Fargo fake account scandal victims? I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JCPOA Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today I want to talk about some new infor-mation regarding the Iran nuclear deal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00266 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.052 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3267 June 6, 2018 
negotiated by the Obama administra-tion. This agreement is known some-times as the JCPOA, or the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action. This is an agreement that was reached by the Obama administration. It was voted on after the fact by this body. Actually, a majority of Members of the House and Senate chose to oppose the agreement, but not enough to be able to stop it. So it went into effect, and, as my col-leagues know, it has gotten some play recently as the administration has pulled out the involvement of the United States in that agreement. What I want to talk about this evening is new information that has come from the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations, which I chair. We began an investigation into one aspect of this agreement nearly 2 years ago, and it was based on informa-tion that we received that despite the Obama administration’s claims to the contrary, there may have been some undisclosed arrangement with Iran to grant them access to the U.S. financial system. Recall that the basic deal with Iran went like this: In exchange for Iran agreeing to certain limitations regard-ing its nuclear arsenal, including lim-iting the new production of enriched uranium for 15 years, the United States and other members of the United Na-tions Security Council would agree to lift some economic sanctions on Iran. It was the basic construct of the agree-ment. As part of that agreement, which in-cluded ongoing deadlines that needed to be met over a period of years, the United States lifted what are often re-ferred to as ‘‘secondary sanctions.’’ So these weren’t direct sanctions on the United States, but these were sanc-tions on foreign companies, foreign en-tities, and foreign countries that do business with those under U.S. sanc-tions—in this case, Iran. Under the Iran deal, other countries were now allowed, for the first time, to freely do business with Iran without the risk of the United States imposing sanctions on them. That was some-thing that was very important to Iran. Iran was also allowed to access money that had been frozen abroad in other countries because the threat of U.S. sanctions against cooperating foreign partners no longer existed. At the same time, really because of the nonnuclear concerns regarding Iran, including supporting terrorism, human rights violations, ballistic mis-sile development, and basic destabiliza-tion of the region, U.S. sanctions against Iran remained in place. So our primary sanctions stayed in place. This means Iran was banned from directly accessing the U.S. financial system, and banks and other private institu-tions were still banned from accessing the U.S. financial systems on behalf of Iran. This is a big deal. Any country that is sanctioned really wants access to our financial system because it is so intertwined with the rest of the world, and they were still banned from di-rectly accessing our U.S. financial sys-tem. This was a key point that the Obama administration made clear throughout the negotiations with Iran. They re-peatedly provided assurances to the American people that Iran would not be granted access to the U.S. financial system. They made the same claims publicly before congressional commit-tees and in testimony here on the Hill. On July 23, 2015, before the deal was implemented, a senior Treasury offi-cial, as an example, said: ‘‘Iranian banks will not be able to clear U.S. dol-lars through New York, hold cor-respondent account relationships with U.S. financial institutions, or enter into financing arrangements with U.S. banks.’’ This testimony further stated: ‘‘Iran, in other words, will continue to be denied access to the world’s largest financial and commercial market.’’ That is us. That is what they said. On August 5, 2015, the then-Acting Under Secretary of Treasury for Ter-rorism and Financial Intelligence tes-tified before the U.S. Senate Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs that ‘‘Iran will be denied access to the world’s most important market and unable to deal in the world’s most important currency’’— that being the dollar. He also stated: ‘‘Iranian banks will not be able to clear U.S. dollars through New York, hold correspondent account relationships with U.S. finan-cial institutions, or enter into financ-ing arrangements with U.S. banks.’’ These claims were very clear: The U.S. financial system was not to be used. Despite these claims, the very next year, just after implementation of the deal had begun, we started hearing re-ports that the Obama administration was considering changing course on this policy. This obviously raised a lot of con-cerns from Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle because the Ira-nian regime remained a state sponsor of terrorism—the No. 1 state sponsor of terror. It continued to threaten bal-listic missile activities, and it contin-ued to commit egregious violations of human rights, as it still does today. In fact, in July of 2016, a bipartisan group of 35 Senators sent a letter to Presi-dent Obama expressing deep concern over these rumors that Iran might be granted access to the U.S. dollar and to the U.S. financial system. It was about that time when we started our investigation in the Perma-nent Subcommittee on Investigations. Again, we did so because we were hear-ing rumors that this might be hap-pening. Today, after a nearly 2-year inves-tigation, we unveiled a report that de-tailed for the first time how, despite their claims to the contrary, the Obama administration secretly granted a specific license authorizing the con-version of Iranian assets worth billions of dollars using the U.S. financial sys-tem. Remember that this happened despite repeated assurances to the public and Congress that Iran would not be grant-ed access to the U.S. financial system. Specifically, the Obama administration asked two banks—U.S. banks—to exe-cute the transactions. Fortunately, these two big U.S. multinational banks refused to do so. The report outlines key findings and recommendations de-signed to prevent this from happening in the future. What funds are we talking about? Well, before the Iran deal was imple-mented, Iran transferred approxi-mately $13 billion in oil revenue assets to bank accounts overseas. They depos-ited $8.8 billion of that oil revenue in one bank account at Bank Muscat in Muscat, Oman. Three days after implementation of the agreement on January 19, 2016, Bank Muscat contacted the Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, which is the agency within the Treas-ury Department responsible for enforc-ing U.S. sanctions. They did this on be-half of the Central Bank of Iran. This is the Oman bank contacting the U.S. Treasury Department saying: We need your help. Bank Muscat sought to convert $5.7 billion in Omani money—the rial—into euros on behalf of Iran. Because the rial is pegged to the U.S. dollar, the most efficient conversion was with an intermediary step through a U.S. bank using U.S. dollars, so that is what they asked for. Iran was eager to convert this money into a more universal cur-rency and was adamant about getting this done quickly. Despite its public stance that it would not provide Iran access to the U.S. financial system and U.S. banks, on February 24, 2016, OFAC again—this Department of the Treasury agency— issued a specific license to Bank Muscat authorizing Iranian assets worth nearly $5.7 billion to flow through the U.S. financial system. Today I heard some say that this spe-cific license was just a narrow exemp-tion or just a minor fix. To that I di-rect my colleagues to an email from a Bank Muscat official, which said that the license was ‘‘a gigantic break-through which has assured Iran of al-most full global financial inclusion.’’ That doesn’t sound like a narrow fix to me. Anyone suggesting that the specific license didn’t grant access to the U.S. financial system hasn’t read the report from the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations. I would encourage them to do that. But they also haven’t read the Obama administration’s emails that we cite in this report. Don’t take my word for it, though. As one State Department official wrote to his Iranian counterpart: ‘‘OFAC in-formed Bank Muscat and the Central Bank of Oman today that they have a license to convert Iranian assets in its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00267 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.054 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3268 June 6, 2018 
account to euros through the U.S. fi-nancial system.’’ That is from the State Department at the time. Members of the Obama administra-tion clearly understood that something was wrong here; this was not part of the Iran deal. A senior State Depart-ment official wrote at the time in 2016 that the transaction was ‘‘prohibited by U.S. sanctions that are still in place and which we were clear we would not be removing as part of the JCPOA.’’ That same official wrote that granting the transaction ‘‘exceeded’’ the JCPOA commitments because it authorized the use of the U.S. financial system. Let me repeat that so it is crystal clear. The Obama administration State Department completely understood this concession—that giving Iran ac-cess to the U.S. financial system was ‘‘prohibited by U.S. sanctions’’ that ‘‘we were clear we would not be remov-ing.’’ Those aren’t my words. They aren’t the words of the subcommittee. Those are the words of the senior State De-partment official at the time. There was no confusion about this as far as we can tell. Shortly after issuing the specific li-cense to use the U.S. financial system to convert the rials, a Treasury official wrote in an email on the matter: ‘‘I think we earned the right to never dis-cuss this matter ever again.’’ I disagree. I think we have to talk about this and to talk about how be-fore, during, and after the Treasury De-partment and the State Department of-ficials testified in front of Congress that Iran would not have access to the U.S. financial system, they worked be-hind the scenes to allow exactly that. We have to talk about this to be sure it doesn’t happen again. Following the issuance of the specific license, OFAC contacted these two U.S. banks urging them to convert Iran’s rials to U.S. dollars. It appears the ad-ministration was becoming desperate. Iran was making both public and pri-vate claims that they were not getting the benefit of the deal they expected and asserting that the deal could fall apart. You all may remember that time period, when there were threats by Iran to pull out of the deal. We discovered an email where a State Department official even sug-gested that the Secretary of State or the Secretary of the Treasury should contact these U.S. banks themselves and encourage them to facilitate this conversion. By the way, we have no evidence that those calls were made, and I am not suggesting that. Both U.S. banks declined to complete the transaction. According to the banks, they refused to do so due to compliance, reputational, and legal risks associated with doing business with Iran. They did the right thing. Because U.S. banks were unwilling to convert the funds despite requests from the Obama administration, ultimately, Bank Muscat was unable to effectuate the conversion using the U.S. dollar. The State Department has now told us that Iran, over time, converted the funds into euros in small increments using European banks. The only reason the transaction wasn’t executed through the U.S. fi-nancial system was that these two U.S. banks refused, despite pressure, even though the administration asked them to help convert the money. After the Iran deal was imple-mented—and after the Treasury De-partment had issued a specific li-cense—the Obama administration con-tinued to maintain the false notion that it had not provided Iran access to the U.S. financial system. On April 5, 2016, Ambassador Thomas Shannon said: ‘‘There is no exchange of dollars inside the U.S. financial sys-tem, and we have not allowed an access to our larger financial system.’’ On May 25, 2016, the Acting Under Secretary of Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence said: ‘‘But Secretary Lew has said exactly what I have said here today, and I know he was looking forward to me being here to be able to relay his views on this. Iran will not have access to our finan-cial system.’’ On June 7, 2016, Treasury wrote a let-ter to Senators Kirk and R
UBIO saying: ‘‘The administration has not been and is not planning to grant Iran access to the U.S. financial system.’’ Time after time—before, during, and after the Iran deal—the Obama admin-istration misled the American people and misled Congress on this point. I be-lieve it was because the administration was so eager to make sure this deal was going to work. They wanted to keep Iran in the deal. Our report also shows that the State Department and Treasury Department held at least 200 meetings, or ‘‘road shows,’’ around the world to encourage other countries to do business with Iran. In the road shows, Treasury De-partment officials also downplayed any potential future penalties or fines that might result from sanctions. During one road show, the head of OFAC reportedly told the audience that ‘‘95 percent of the time OFAC sees an apparent violation it results in a simple warning letter or no enforce-ment action.’’ So this is the head of the agency at Treasury responsible for enforcing sanctions saying that 95 percent of the time it results in a simple warning let-ter or no enforcement action. We shouldn’t be telling anyone that we en-force sanctions—one of our most im-portant foreign policy tools—only 5 percent of the time. One European regulator who at-tended an OFAC road show commented that foreign financial institutions felt, in his words, ‘‘political pressure’’ to conduct business with Iran and Iranian companies. Sanctions are a vital for-eign policy tool, yet, in this case, the Obama administration seemed to be sending the wrong message about their enforcement and effectiveness. The PSI report released today out-lines key transparency recommenda-tions to ensure that undisclosed side deals like this never happen again, in-cluding requiring the current adminis-tration to keep congressional commit-tees of jurisdiction up to date on the status of any future negotiations with Iran, disclosing to Congress any spe-cific licenses that are proposed, and putting in place stronger enforcement of U.S. sanctions. Going forward, this report also underscores how important the U.S. financial system is to global finance markets, and it gives us a sub-stantial amount of leverage in negotia-tions. We should choose to use it. We now have an opportunity to fix the fundamental flaws in the Iran deal and put in place a stronger agreement that truly protects America’s national security interests and the interests of our allies in the region. Recall that the Iran deal was opposed again by a bipar-tisan majority of this body. I support our efforts to work with our European allies to put in place a better deal that truly represents our own na-tional security interests and those of our allies in the region. I hope this re-port helps us to avoid the kinds of problems that occurred last time the next time around. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:32 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, June 7, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate June 6, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
ANNEMARIE CARNEY AXON, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00268 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.055 S06JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE779 June 6, 2018 
IN HONOR OF CAPTAIN CHRIS D. JANKE 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a true American leader and patriot, Captain Chris D. Janke, on the mo-mentous occasion of his retirement after 27 years of honorable service in the United States Navy. In March 2015, Captain Janke assumed his duties as commanding officer of Naval Base Ventura County, California. With great distinction, he dutifully oversaw a diverse installation that supported more than 100 ten-ant commands with a base population of more than 19,000 personnel, as well as 11 deployable commands and three warfare cen-ters. Captain Janke’s career at Naval Base Ven-tura County was underscored by exemplary leadership, perceptive planning, and focus on both mission execution and community en-gagement. These efforts were clearly dem-onstrated by Captain Janke’s remarkable com-mand of major aviation, shore, and port facili-ties, comprised of three primary sites: Point Mugu, Port Hueneme, and San Nicolas Island. His leadership of Naval Base Ventura County supported numerous tenants—including the renowned Naval Construction Group ONE— who carried out missions for the security and the safety of our nation. Naval Base Ventura County is home to three runways and the only deep water mili-tary port between San Diego, California, and Kitsap County, Washington. Captain Janke di-rected the day-to-day operations of a 1,000- person organization providing comprehensive support services to the Fleet, Fighter, and Family. He brilliantly directed diverse installa-tion programs, including fleet support oper-ations, facilities maintenance and construction, utilities, environmental stewardship, housing, childcare, recreation, safety, resource man-agement, protocol, public affairs, family sup-port service, and IT technology management. His visionary leadership was key to the suc-cessful execution of 104,237 tower and 26,105 flight operations per annum, supporting 35 dif-ferent series of aircraft. The air terminal launched and recovered 3,631 flights, proc-essed 42,817 passengers and moved over 2.7 million pounds of cargo and baggage. The port adeptly supported over 1410 tenants and 91 visiting ship movements—handling tons of military cargo in support of major joint oper-ations and military exercises per annum. Dur-ing his tour, Naval Base Ventura County hosted multiple visits from the Littoral Combat Ships and quickly became a major port of choice for visiting warships and other plat-forms in support of the Navy’s worldwide mis-sion. Naval Base Ventura County plays a critically important role in our national defense, and will continue to do so for many years to come. This is in large part due to Captain Janke, and this is a profound testament to his outstanding leadership. For these reasons, on the occa-sion of his retirement, I am pleased to join a grateful community to extend my most sincere congratulations and appreciation for his count-less contributions to Ventura County, and our nation as a whole. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 74TH ANNI-VERSARY OF D-DAY AND RE-MEMBERING THE MEMBERS OF THE GREATEST GENERATION WHO SAVED FREEDOM IN THE WORLD 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today, June 6, marks the 74th anniversary of D-Day, the Allied Forces’ audacious amphibious land-ing at Normandy, France, on June 6, 1944. This joint undertaking to liberate the con-tinent of Europe from the clutches of an evil and aggressor enemy was the first and most emphatic demonstration of the invincible strength of democratic nations when acting collectively. For nearly seventy years, from April 4, 1949 to January 20, 2017, peace in Europe has been secured and no adversary, not the old Soviet Union or the contemporary Russian Federation, has dared to risk war by attacking a European ally of the United States because every American president has made clear that the United States is committed to Article V of the North Atlantic Treaty which holds that an attack on any NATO member is regarded as an attack on all of them. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Operation Overlord,’’ as D- Day was formally known, was the largest sin-gle amphibious assault in the history of war-fare. The success of D-Day, which was far from certain at the outset, led to the liberation of Western Europe, signaled the death knell of the German Wehrmacht, and paved the way to unconditional victory by the Allied Forces over the evils of Nazism, fascism, and Japa-nese imperialism. It is no exaggeration to say that D-Day changed the course of human history. The aim of the meticulously planned D-Day operation was to open a second front in the European war theater from which the Allied Forces could attack the German army and push east to capture Berlin. With the Russian Army advancing from the east, coupled with the southern front opened by the Allied invasion of Italy from North Africa in 1942, the opening of a western front would set in motion the pincer movement that would catch the German Army in a trap from which there would be no escape. The formidable German Army expected that the Allied Forces would try to launch an inva-sion from the western beaches of France. They just did not know when or where. So in anticipation of an Allied invasion, the Nazis constructed the infamous Atlantic Wall, an extensive system of coastal fortifications built along the western coast of Europe and Scandinavia. Under the direction of Field Marshal Rom-mel, the Atlantic Wall was reinforced by the addition of concrete pillboxes built along the beaches to house machine guns, antitank guns and light artillery. Mines and antitank obstacles were planted on the beaches themselves and underwater obstacles and mines were placed in waters just off shore. By the time of the D-Day landing, the Nazis had laid almost six million mines in northern France. And awaiting Allied soldiers who made their way onto and away from the beaches were gun emplacements and minefields extended inland. ‘‘War is hell,’’ said General William Tecum-seh Sherman during the Civil War. And that is an apt description of what await-ed the brave Allied warriors who set sail from England to the beaches of Normandy in the early morning of June 6, 1944, at the begin-ning of what has rightly been called ‘‘The Longest Day.’’ But they were buoyed in their resolve by the millions of prayers from Americans and others back home, of all races, religions, and creeds, invoking the Lord’s blessing, mercy, and grace. With the outcome in doubt, President Frank-lin Roosevelt asked the nation to join him in this solemn prayer: 
‘‘Almighty God: Our sons, pride of our na-tion, this day have set upon a mighty endeavor, a struggle to preserve our Republic, our religion, and our civiliza-tion, and to set free a suffering human-ity. ‘‘Lead them straight and true; give strength to their arms, stoutness to their hearts, steadfastness in their faith. ‘‘They will need Thy blessings. ‘‘For these men are lately drawn from the ways of peace. ‘‘They fight not for the lust of conquest. ‘‘They fight to end conquest. ‘‘They fight to liberate. ‘‘They fight to let justice arise, and toler-ance and goodwill among all Thy peo-ple. ‘‘They yearn but for the end of battle, for their return to the haven of home.’’ 
The prayers were needed because the cost of D-Day was high; U.S. casualties on D-Day totaled more than 2,499 dead, 3,184 wound-ed, 1,928 missing, and 26 captured. Our British and Canadian allies suffered ter-rible losses on D-Day as well: approximately 2,700 for the British and 946 for the Cana-dians. German casualties are estimated at 4,000 to 9,000. In total, the number of combatants killed, wounded or missing in the Battle of Normandy for both sides exceeded 425,000, not including the estimated 15,000 to 20,000 French civil-ians killed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JN8.001 E06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE780 June 6, 2018 
But the operation was a success. More than 156,000 troops or paratroopers came ashore on D-Day, 73,000 from the U.S., 83,000 from Great Britain and Canada. By the end of June 11, D-Day+5, 326,547 troops, 54,186 vehicles and 104,428 tons of supplies had come ashore. And with them came the seeds for the vic-tory in Europe that would come less than a year later, on May 8, 1945, with the fall of Ber-lin and the unconditional surrender of the Nazis. On the eve of the Normandy invasion, Gen-eral Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces, addressed the soldiers, sailors, and airmen of the Allied Expeditionary Forces and said to them that they were about to embark upon a ‘‘Great Crusade,’’ and that the ‘‘eyes of the world’’ were upon them. He told them that their task would not be easy because the ‘‘enemy is well trained, well equipped and battle-hardened. He will fight savagely.’’ But, General Eisenhower said, ‘‘this is the year 1944. The tide has turned. The free men of the world are marching together to victory.’’ And march to victory they did, fully justifying General Eisenhower’s ‘‘confidence in their courage, devotion to duty, and skill in battle.’’ Because of the heroism of these men who willingly risked their lives to be the tip of the spear of liberty, the war was won and a world was saved for freedom. Mr. Speaker, D-Day was, and remains, a day like no other in the history of man’s so-journ on earth. We remember Gettysburg. There, President Lincoln paid tribute to those ‘‘who gave their lives so that the nation might live.’’ It is equally fitting and proper that we never forget D-Day and that we continue to honor those who risked all and gave all so that the light of freedom would never be extinguished in the world. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 231, 232, and 233 on Tuesday, June 5, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF GORDON WALTER SONDKER 
HON. JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, we lost a beloved Southwest Washington resident and Navy veteran this past month. Gordon Walter Sondker passed away on May 13th at the age of 91, leaving a legacy his family will carry on for generations. Born on February 10, 1927, in Holton, Kan-sas, Gordon lived his life full of passion and pride for his community and country. Gordon served in the Navy and was very active in the Monticello Lions Club and Toastmasters. He was also a founding member of the Southwest Washington Canoe Club. Gordon and his wife, Barbara, were also very involved in their com-munity and gave back whenever they had the opportunity. Gordon was also involved with the Longview Community Church, American Field Service, Kelso Methodist Church and the Co-lumbia Theatre Guild. To say Gordon dedicated his life to helping others and working to better his community would be an understatement. Gordon was an exceptional example of what it means to be an American patriot, and he will be missed by ev-eryone who was blessed to know him. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote for Roll Call votes 231, 232, and 233 on June 5, 2018. Had I been present, my vote would have been the following: Yea on Roll Call vote 231, Yea on Roll Call vote 232, and Yea on Roll Call vote 233. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 175TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE INDEPEND-ENCE FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the 175th Anniversary of the Independence Fire Department in Mis-souri’s Fifth Congressional District, which I proudly represent. Throughout the first half of the 18th Century, Independence, Missouri was a prospering vil-lage on the cusp of achieving the noteworthy status of an industrialized community. As peo-ple planted their roots and a community flour-ished, there emerged an evident need to pro-tect what they had established. In 1843, com-munity members petitioned the state legisla-ture, and the 12th General Assembly of Mis-souri approved the establishment of a volun-teer fire department known as the ‘‘Independ-ence Fire Company’’. At that time, it is my understanding that these volunteers carved out an indelible mark of innovation in the community, with a manpowered wooden engine and buckets of water to put out fires as their only tools. In Au-gust of 1894, the Independence Fire Company transitioned from a volunteer based organiza-tion to a professionally paid department. Fur-thermore, it gives me great pride to know just how far this company has come over the years. By the end of the 1950’s, the department boasted the employment of more than 100 firemen, nearly five times the amount the com-pany had at the beginning of the decade. Fur-thermore, with eight stations total, the depart-ment expanded its protection of a population of 16,000 to nearly 100,000 citizens. This pe-riod of rapid expansion was initiated by the Missouri Inspection Bureau; however, it is my belief that these achievements would not have been possible without the hard work and de-termination of each and every individual within the department. Today, the department encompasses 10 fire stations, 165 firefighters, and an area of 78 square miles. Under the current leadership of the Fire Chief Douglas Short, the Independ-ence Fire Department remains an institution that protects and serves the community. Just as those who established the company 175 years ago, they maintain the same selfless sacrifice regarding the protection of countless lives and the community as a whole. Mr. Speaker, please join me and all of Mis-souri’s Fifth Congressional District in honoring the Independence Fire Department for their 175 years of dedicated service to the commu-nity. Let us join in recognizing the bravery of the men and women, past and present, who have honorably served the community and preserved the integrity and excellence of this establishment. f 
RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING DARLENE QUICHOCHO AS THE RECIPIENT OF THE JANE WHA- YOUNG KIM AWARD FOR TEACH-ING EXCELLENCE 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend Darlene Quichocho as the recipient of the first Jane Wha-Young Kim Award for Teaching Excel-lence sponsored by the Jane Wha-Young Kim Foundation. Darlene currently teaches English and Speech and Drama at George Wash-ington High School in Guam. The Jane Wha-Young Kim Award for Teach-ing Excellence was established in 2017 to rec-ognize one full-time middle or high school teacher on Guam who models excellence as a teaching professional. Darlene was chosen for her effective use of instructional practices and materials, her ability to inspire, enable, and assist students to achieve their full potential. She was also recognized for encouraging community engagement and service by stu-dents. Darlene was chosen unanimously by a se-lection committee, made up of Jane Wha- Young Kim’s family and prominent members of the education community on island. Darlene was chosen from among nine outstanding nominees based on her exemplary teaching record at the George Washington High School, her strong support for various extra-curricular activities, and her exceptionally posi-tive impact on her students, colleagues, and community. The award was presented to Dar-lene on Monday, April 23, 2018 at George Washington High School. I join the people of Guam in congratulating Darlene, her family, and school community on this accomplishment. I look forward to her continued success and future contributions to our island. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.001 E06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE781 June 6, 2018 
FLORIDA INVENTORS HALL OF FAME 2018 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the seven inventors who have been rec-ognized as the 2018 Inductees of the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame. In order to be named as an inductee, these inventors were nomi-nated by their peers nationwide and have un-dergone the scrutiny of the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame Selection Committee. As a re-sult, their innovations have been identified as significantly impacting the quality of life, eco-nomic development, and welfare of their com-munities, the citizens of Florida, and the United States. The Florida Inventors Hall of Fame was founded in 2013 by Paul R. Sanberg, Senior Vice President for Research, Innovation and Knowledge Enterprise, and Judy Genshaft, President, at the University of South Florida. It was recognized by the Florida Senate with Senate Resolution 1756, adopted on April 30, 2014. Its mission is to encourage individuals of all backgrounds to strive toward the better-ment of Florida and society through contin-uous, groundbreaking innovation by cele-brating the incredible scientific work that has been or is being accomplished in Florida and by its citizens. Nomination to the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame is open to all Florida inventors (living or dead) who are or have been residents of Flor-ida. The nominee must be a named inventor on a patent issued by the United States Pat-ent and Trademark Office. The impact of the inventor and his or her invention should be significant to society as a whole, and the in-vention should have been commercialized, uti-lized, or led to important innovations. The 2018 inductees of the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame are: Sara Blakely, Tampa Bay native and grad-uate of Florida State University in Tallahassee, who invented the renowned undergarment SPANX and built a billion dollar enterprise that has influenced fashion worldwide; Emery N. Brown, born and raised in Ocala, anesthesiologist-statistician at Massachusetts General Hospital, MIT and Harvard professor, who made significant contributions to the ad-vancement of the science and practice of an-esthesiology; Phillip A. Furman, St. Augustine resident and distinguished alumnus of the University of South Florida in Tampa, whose revolutionary discoveries led to the development of antiviral drugs that are used to treat some of the most insidious viral diseases; Richard A. Houghten, founder and CEO of Torrey Pines Institute for Molecular Studies, headquartered in Port St. Lucie, who has made a significant impact on the pharma-ceutical industry through his novel approaches to drug discovery; Edwin A. Link (1904–1981), former trustee and vice president for the Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institute at Florida Atlantic Uni-versity in Boca Raton, who invented the flight simulator, commercialized in 1929; Sudipta Seal, Trustee Chair, Pegasus and University Distinguished Professor at the Uni-versity of Central Florida in Orlando, whose discoveries led to groundbreaking therapeutic applications in regenerative nano-medicine; Herbert Wertheim, optometric physician, graduate of the University of Florida in Gainesville, and honorary alumnus of Florida International University in Miami, who was the first to discover and produce ultraviolet light dye absorbers for eyeglass lenses. Innovation and invention are the building blocks of our nation. I applaud these highly accomplished individuals and the organiza-tions that support them in their quest to change the world in ways that truly benefit hu-manity. Furthermore, it is because of the per-severance of these inventors that future gen-erations are encouraged to reach beyond their limits and push the boundaries of innovation. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 74TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE D-DAY INVA-SION 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 74th anniversary of the D-Day invasion. Today in 1944, more than 160,000 allied troops crossed the English Channel and land-ed on the heavily-fortified French coastline of Normandy. This was the largest amphibious military operation in history, and establishing a foothold in Continental Europe was critical to the ultimate defeat of Nazi Germany. The bravery and heroism displayed by American soldiers will forever be remembered. There is an annual D-Day ceremony in Nor-mandy, and this year 137 members of the Uni-versity of North Carolina at Charlotte ‘‘Pride of Niner Nation’’ Marching Band will participate in the event. The University originally began as an education center for World War II veterans, and this is a terrific opportunity for the stu-dents to connect with the University’s roots. Nine of these members of the ‘‘Pride of Niner Nation’’ Marching Band are from North Carolina’s Second Congressional District. Those students include Jeffrey Bubar, Michelle Dunbar, Hope Dunn, Kerriona Jones, Kelsey Lane, Victoria Mitchell, Abraham Ogden, Jona-than Shough, and Hailey Waynor. Mr. Speaker, these students represent the best of our state and our nation, and it is an honor to represent them in Congress. Not only are these students part of the first university band from North Carolina that will represent the United States at this ceremony, they are the only college marching band from the United States that were selected to perform in today’s ceremony. Mr. Speaker, we will always owe a debt of gratitude to the brave men and women in uni-form, and today’s anniversary is a solemn re-minder of the sacrifices that they have made to keep our nation secure. I thank the students of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte ‘‘Pride of Niner Nation’’ Marching Band for their dedication to honoring our nation and our veterans. HONORING ALBUQUERQUE HIGH SCHOOL STEAM TEAM HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a talented group of students from the Albu-querque High School STEAM (Science, Tech-nology, Engineering, Art, and Math) Team, which placed third overall and was the top placing United States team at the 2018 RoboRAVE International Entrepreneurial Chal-lenge. This impressive team, made up of Asael Diaz, Mary Cherino, and Dante Van Orten, created a robotic dog intended for fun and companionship. They also created a logo, bro-chure, and 30-second commercial video in order to present their invention to judges and competition attendees. This competition represents an outstanding opportunity for students to gain valuable expo-sure to STEM disciplines, and I am so pleased that high schoolers from Albuquerque were able to participate and perform so well. I am hopeful that New Mexico will continue to be a leader in STEM fields and that our students will continue to apply their skills through out-lets like this competition. I would also like to recognize the team’s sponsor, science teacher Valerie Kovach, as well as educational assistant Jean Hart, for the sacrifices they made in order to provide the team with valuable supervision and guid-ance. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the stu-dents and staff from the Albuquerque High School STEAM Team on their impressive per-formance at the 2018 RoboRAVE International Entrepreneurial Challenge. I wish them the best of luck in all their future endeavors. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF LGBTQ PRIDE MONTH AND HOUSTON PRIDE WEEK 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate LGBTQ Pride Month and the remarkable progress that has been made in making our country more diverse and tolerant and embracing of differences in the 18 years since the cruel murder of Matthew Shepherd, a college student from Laramie, Wyoming. As a country, America has made and con-tinues to make great progress in the area of social equality, as evidenced most dramati-cally by the seismic shift in public support for marriage equality over the past decade. Today, supporters of marriage equality dra-matically outnumber opponents by 61–35 per-cent; a near total reversal from 2004, when opponents outnumbered supporters 58–39 percent. Our country made progress in bringing our LGBTQ brothers and sisters, mother and fa-thers out of the shadows with the repeal of ‘‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell,’’ which I was proud to support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.007 E06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE782 June 6, 2018 
Our nation is now stronger and our people are safer thanks to the sacrifices made by these brave Americans, who no longer need to choose between service and silence. There have been other changes for the bet-ter. In April 2015, President Obama issued a landmark Executive Order prohibiting discrimi-nation against LGBTQ persons in the work-place. This civil rights victory ensures the tax dol-lars used to pay government contractors sup-port contractors that are committed to equal employment opportunity for all persons regard-less of sexual orientation. This legislation marks a major shift from a time when the U.S. Civil Service Commission prohibited the hiring of LGBTQ persons to a time when the Secretary of Defense has se-lected an openly gay man as his chief of staff. And we are making progress in realizing the goal of making H.R. 2282, the ‘‘Equality Act of 2017,’’ the law of the land so LGBTQ people will finally be guaranteed explicit, permanent protection under the nation’s existing civil rights laws against discrimination in vital areas of life, like employment, access to public spaces, housing, credit, education, jury serv-ice, and federally-funded programs. Mr. Speaker, it is unacceptable that in 31 states LGBTQ people can get married on Sun-day and remain at risk of being fired or evicted on Monday simply because of who they are. This year marks the 49th anniversary of the LGBTQ Civil Rights Movement, where activist such as Frank Kamney led the struggle for the voices of the LGBTQ community to be heard. Frank Kamney’s courageous demonstrations inspired others to resist mistreatment and we witnessed in 1969 what happens when a com-munity says enough is enough. Our country has made much progress since the Stonewall uprising of 1969 but more re-mains to be done to realize the full promise of America that all are equally treated and pro-tected by the law. So there is much reason for joy and opti-mism when my home city of Houston hosts the Ruby Anniversary celebration of Pride Week later this month, June 14–24, 2018. According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the 16th largest LGBTQ community in the nation is located in the Houston metropolitan area, which I am privileged to represent. The Houston LGBTQ community is culturally diverse, economically dynamic, and artistically vibrant. Houston Pride Week has been an annual event for the last 39 years, since 1979, and promotes the individuality of Houston’s ever- growing LGBTQ community. The Pride Festival and Parade are at the center of a celebration annually attended by more than 700,000 people from Houston and around the world. Mr. Speaker, as the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. reminded us, ‘‘Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate can-not drive out hate; only love can do that.’’ All Americans should be deeply concerned over the increase in violence and acts of hate perpetrated against members of the LGBTQ community we have witnessed in recent months. Especially troubling is the rise in bigotry and violent crimes against transgender people, particularly transgender women of color. According to statistics compiled by the Human Rights Campaign, at least 22 trans gender people in the United States lost their lives due to fatal violence, the most ever re-corded. Sadly, we are on pace to break this record in 2017, as 11 transgender persons have been killed in the first five months. Mr. Speaker, I invite all Americans to visit Houston during Houston Pride Week to ob-serve how we live out our conviction that ‘‘Love Will Conquer Hate.’’ Progress is made through the efforts of cou-rageous men and women who actively engage their communities and face adversity to ensure that the rights of all are clearly recognized and protected. People like the legendary Bayard Rustin, who organized the 1947 Journey of Reconcili-ation which inspired the Freedom Rides of the 1960s and helped Dr. King organize the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and who was the driving force behind the his-toric 1963 March on Washington. Texas natives such as Sheryl Swoopes, a 3-time WNBA Most Valuable Player and champion for the Houston Comets, and former Houston Mayor Annise Parker. These leaders have set an example of what can happen when we lift the limits of inequality and support our fellow Americans in their pur-suits of their inalienable rights. Other members of the LGBTQ community whose contributions have enriched American culture and made our country better include the great poet Langston Hughes; Mandy Car-ter, 2008 national co-chair of Obama Pride and lifelong activist; Billy Strayhorn the musi-cian and gifted composer whose 30–year col-laboration with Duke Ellington gave the world some of the greatest jazz music ever; Tom Waddell, army medical doctor and Olympic athlete; and James Baldwin, one of the tow-ering figures in the history of American lit-erature. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to acknowledge the achievements of just a few of the count-less number of Americans who overcame prej-udice and discrimination to make America a more welcoming place for succeeding genera-tions of LGBTQ community members. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING PAYU-TA, INC. ON THEIR 10TH ANNIVERSARY SERVING THE GUAM COMMUNITY 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend Payu-ta, Inc. as they celebrate their 1Oth anniversary as a nonprofit organization serving the people of Guam. Payu-ta is Guam’s umbrella associa-tion of non-governmental organizations. It was established in 2008 to address the need to en-hance the services and effectiveness of non- governmental agencies on Guam. The mission of Payu-ta, Inc. is to support system that pro-motes and strengthens member organizations’ capacity and advocates for a progressive and sustainable Guam community. The organiza-tion seeks to create collaborative partnerships that maximize resources and responds effi-ciently and effectively for positive community impact. For the last 10 years, Payu-ta, Inc. has demonstrated that all those in our community are called to work together for the betterment of the island of Guam. The work of Payu-ta, Inc. has been a true investment in our com-munity on Guam. The organization has recog-nized that non-profit organizations are a vital part of our society that contribute to the im-proved quality of life for all those in the com-munity. Payu-ta, Inc. is made up of 27 mem-ber organization who provide a range of serv-ices to supplement the needs of the people of Guam. The members of Payu-ta, Inc. continue to deliver and enhance services to strengthen the island community. I am proud of the good work Payu-ta, Inc. has done over the last 10 years. I join the people of Guam in recog-nizing and commending Payu-ta, Inc. on its 10th anniversary as a nonprofit organization serving our island and people. I look forward to their continued success and contributions to our community. f 
INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION RECOGNIZING PEOPLE OF AFRI-CAN DESCENT AND BLACK EURO-PEANS 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight a resolution that I have introduced with my good friends, Congressman G
REGORY  M
EEKS of New York and Congresswoman G
WEN MOORE of Wisconsin. Our resolution recognizes the history and current situation of People of African Descent living in Europe and Black Europeans, and encourages the Sec-retary of State to take a number of steps to ensure their situation is improved following recommendations from the People of African Descent Week (PADWEEK) held by our col-leagues in the European Parliament in Brus-sels, Belgium from May 13–17, 2018. As European Parliamentarian Cecile Kyenge has noted, ‘‘The People of African Descent Week reaffirms European values by devel-oping strategic and coherent responses to make our society more inclusive in the face of rising racial prejudice and violence across Eu-rope.’’ Recommendations from the week in-cluded a European Black History Month and Remembrance Day for Victims of Colonialism and Enslavement, a fund for Black European led initiatives to address continuing disparities and discrimination and support empowerment initiatives, European-wide strategies for the in-clusion of People of African Descent, and sup-port for transatlantic exchanges on common issues of racial prejudice and discrimination. The need for recognition of Black popu-lations in Europe became clear ten years ago when I chaired a U.S. Helsinki Commission hearing entitled, ‘‘The State of (In)visible Black Europe: Race, Rights, and Politics,’’ where we learned that the situation in Europe is very similar to the one in the United States. While the presence of Blacks in Europe can be traced to enslavement, colonization, military deployments, voluntary or forced migration, the movement of refugees and asylum seek-ers, or educational and other professional ex-changes, the story of Europeans of African Descent and Black Europeans still remains 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.010 E06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE783 June 6, 2018 
largely untold, rendering many of their past and present contributions to the very fabric of Europe unseen or forgotten, which is unac-ceptable. Mr. Speaker, on May 14, 2018, Congress-man M
EEKS , Congresswoman M OORE , and I had the pleasure of being U.S. Honorary Hosts during PADWEEK. I include in the R
ECORD , the statement we made to our friends in the European Parliament. It is my hope that when we gather in the years to come to review the efforts of the United Na-tions designated International Decade for Peo-ple of African Descent, we will not only speak of how our efforts resulted in our respective nations publicly recognizing the injustices and long-term impact of slavery and colonialism, but also of how our societies reconciled these issues in a manner that ensured equal oppor-tunity, access, and justice for all People of Af-rican Descent. 
STATEMENT OF U.S. H ONORARY HOSTS: HONOR -
ABLE ALCEE L. H ASTINGS —HONORABLE  G
REGORY MEEKS —HONORABLE GWEN MOORE  
HONORING BLACK EUROPEANS : PEOPLE OF AFRI -
CAN DESCENT WEEK (PADWEEK) , EUROPEAN  
PARLIAMENT , BRUSSELS , MAY 14 , 2018 I, Congressman Hastings, am extremely honored to speak at the inaugural People of African Descent Week at the European Par-liament in Brussels, Belgium on behalf of myself and Honorary Hosts Representatives to the U.S. Congress Gwen Moore and Greg-ory Meeks. Ten years ago, on April 29, 2008, I chaired a U.S. Helsinki Commission hearing entitled, ‘‘The State of (In)visible Black Europe: Race, Rights, and Politics,’’ which featured then Swedish Parliamentarian Joe Frans whom I am pleased is here today. At that hearing, we discovered that Span-ish poet Juan Latino, Italian Duke Alessandro Medici, French novelist Alexandre Dumas, German scholar Anthony William Amo, French Composer Le Chevalier de St. George, British abolitionist Oladuah Equiano, Russian General and Governor Abram Hannibal, great-grandfather of Rus-sian poet Aleksandr Pushkin and so many others are largely unknown People of Afri-can Descent who have made significant con-tributions to Europe. Whether the presence of Blacks in Europe can be traced to enslavement, colonization, military deployments, voluntary or forced migration, the movement of refugees and asylum seekers, or educational and other professional exchanges, the story of Euro-peans of African Descent and Black Euro-peans remains largely untold, rendering many of their past and present contributions to the very fabric of Europe unseen or for-gotten. A visit to Each One Teach One in Berlin or a tour through the Black Archives in Am-sterdam demonstrates that European history is also American history. A history where from 1884–85, 13 European nations and the United States met in Berlin to divide and oc-cupy Africa. 2019 will mark the 100 year anni-versary of the first Pan-African Congress in Paris co-organized by African-American WEB Dubois to decolonize Africa and end ra-cial discrimination. Eric Gamer, Tamir Rice, Aiyana Jones, Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown, Stephen Lawrence, Oury Jalloh, Mark Duggan, Zyed Benna, Bouna Traore and the names of so many others exemplify the fact that despite the significant achievements and contribu-tions of African descendants to our societies, and their efforts to address the past, the pro-tections, rights and opportunities of Euro-pean and American democracies still do not wholly include Black people. Since that hearing in 2008, Members of Congress have worked with European legisla-tors and civil society to convene annual events—from the 2009 Black European Sum-mit held in this very Parliament—to Trans-atlantic Minority Political Leadership Con-ferences in the U.S. Congress, and particu-larly to address political inclusion by co- founding the Transatlantic Inclusion Lead-ers Network in cooperation with the U.S. State Department and German Marshall Fund. I am pleased and honored to join with past and present Parliamentarians and experts Cecile Kyenge of Italy, Claude Moraes of the UK, Soraya Post and Momodou Jallow of Sweden, Killion Munyama of Poland, Karamba Diaby of Germany, Joe Franz, Chibo Onyeji, Simon Woolley, Larry Olomoofe, Daniel Gyamerah, Rohkaya Diallo, Hedwig Bvumburah, Alex Johnson, Karisia Gichuke, and many others whom we have worked with over the years to address the common issues of racism and discrimina-tion we face on both sides of the Atlantic. On the occasion of the inaugural People of African Descent Week, I encourage you to join in not only recognizing and celebrating the collective history and achievements made by People of African Descent in Eu-rope, but also in acting to ensure that our nations develop concrete measurable na-tional strategies to realize the goals of the United Nations designated International Decade for People of African Descent. In the United States we have developed many strategies from the adoption and im-plementation of the historic Civil Rights Act by our government to the nonprofit Urban League’s annual State of Black America re-port assessing racial equality across sectors, including in technology. Google has partnered with Historically Black Colleges and Universities such as Howard University to address the digital divide. For decades the United Negro College Fund has provided edu-cational scholarships, while Black-owned banks increase wealth-building knowledge and provide loans to communities tradi-tional banks have historically ignored. Phil-anthropic organizations have partnered with local governments and civil society to sup-port young Black men. Even so, our work in the United States re-mains undone, and we too could benefit from a holistic strategy. The European Network Against Racism with the support of numerous African de-scent civil society groups across Europe have called for an Europe-wide framework for na-tional strategies. In support of this effort, I introduced legislation in the U.S. Congress to establish within the U.S. State Depart-ment a Global Office of African Descent Af-fairs to establish global foreign policy and assistance strategies, fund civil society anti- discrimination and empowerment initia-tives, and monitor the human rights situa-tion of people of African descent in Europe in annual U.S. Country Reports. Ifadopted, this legislation would complement European ef-forts. I and my Congressional colleagues stand poised to continue to work with all of you across sectors in support of the rights and in-clusion of African descendants on both sides of the Atlantic. In both the United States and Europe, our nations are becoming more racially, eth-nically, and religiously diverse. The test for our democracies will be whether we can truly embrace and utilize that diversity to achieve the long term prosperity and sta-bility needed for our futures. Our hope is that when we gather in ten years to review the efforts of the Inter-national Decade we will not only speak of how our efforts resulted in our nations pub-licly recognizing the injustices and long term impact of slavery and colonialism, but also of how our societies reconciled these issues such that equal opportunity, access, and justice have been realized for People of African Descent and the rest of our societies. Thank you. f RECOGNIZING AND JOINING THE GUAM ASSOCIATION OF REAL-TORS IN CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FAIR HOUSING ACT 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join the Guam Association of REALTORS in celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Fair Housing Act. The Fair Housing Act enunciates a national policy of fair housing for all who live in the United States. For the last 50 years, the Fair Housing Act has prohibited discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status and national origin. There is no doubt that the Fair Housing Act has been a positive initiative for the island of Guam and our country. The Fair Housing Act has promoted diversity throughout communities, and this diversity and integration has promoted economic stability, community health, and human relations. Additionally, Fair Housing is integral to the ethical commitment of members of the Na-tional Association of REALTORS and the Guam Association of REALTORS. The Fair Housing Act gives all real estate professionals the ability to serve their clients, customers and communities. Again, I join the Guam Association of REAL-TORS in celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Fair Housing Act. I recognize the Guam Association of REALTORS as an inclusive community committed to fair housing and to promote appropriate activities by private and public entities intended to provide or advocate for equal housing opportunities for all resi-dents and prospective residents of Guam. The Guam Association of REALTORS is the official voice of real estate on Guam with over 400 members involved in all aspects of the resi-dential and commercial real estate industries. I look forward to their continued contributions to the island of Guam. 
f 
WHY WE MUST CEASE AND DESIST THE CRUEL AND INHUMANE PRACTICE OF THE TRUMP AD-MINISTRATION OF SEPARATING FAMILIES APPREHENDED ON THE SOUTHERN BORDER BY U.S. BORDER PATROL 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call upon the President and the Con-gress of the United States to act without delay regarding the ‘‘zero-tolerance’’ policy that sep-arates families apprehended on the southern border by U.S. Border Patrol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.012 E06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE784 June 6, 2018 
As the Founder and Chair of the Children’s Caucus and as a parent and grandparent, I cannot think of a situation more devastating than having the government forcibly separate a parent from her child to a place unknown, for a fate uncertain, absent any form of com-munication. Everyday, hundreds of persons, ranging from infants and toddlers to adolescents and adults, flee violence, oppression, and eco-nomic desperation from Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, seeking safe harbor in the United States. They are not criminals or terrorists, they are refugees seeking asylum. While they hope to receive asylum, none of us expected that they would be treated as criminals or that their children would be forc-ibly separated from them. But shamefully that is exactly what is hap-pening under this Administration. A recent audit of the Office of Refugee Re-settlement of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services shows that more than 7,600 children have been forcibly separated from their parents after crossing the U.S. bor-der. Unconscionably, this cruel and unnecessary practice has resulted in the shameful fact that DHS cannot account for the 1,475 immigrant children. The Trump Administration’s practice of sep-arating children from their parents inexplicably turns accompanied children into unaccom-panied children, with all the attendant risks and dangers, which now must include human trafficking because over 1,000 children cannot be accounted for by this Administration. It is a documented fact that if young children are traumatically removed from their parents, their physical and mental health and well- being will suffer. The effects of these traumatic experi-ences—especially in children who have al-ready faced serious adversity—are unlikely to be short lived and can last a lifetime. The Trump Administration’s ‘‘zero-tolerance’’ policy does not make our nation safer or more secure, nor is it a solution to the problem of illegal immigration and refugees seeking asy-lum. It is, however, monstrously cruel, inhumane, and shameful and makes a mockery of Amer-ica’s reputation as the most welcoming and generous nation on earth. The last time this nation had policies that promoted the forcible separation of children from newly arrived persons was slavery. A dark chapter in this nation’s history that we should not revisit. Today the parents of these thousands of children once removed from the U.S. will do nothing less than to find ways to reunite with their children, even under the threat of impris-onment. A second attempt to enter the U.S. will be threatened by a federal criminal offense pun-ishable by prison. It would be unconscionable to prosecute parents under these circumstances. There must be strong and aggressive con-gressional oversight of this Administration’s immigration enforcement. The federal government policy regarding legislation should not to create greater fear for families already traumatized by intolerable conditions in their countries. U.S. immigration policy should not deter ref-ugees from seeking asylum within our borders. We should welcome mothers carrying their babies to a safe haven and assure safety of children. As we have seen with the recent volcanic activity and earthquakes in Guatemala, we should be seeking ways to help our neighbors in the Southern Hemisphere. The Trump Administration is utterly failing in its basic duty to treat all persons with dignity and compassion, and is making a mockery of our national values and reputation as a cham-pion of human rights. This crisis is not just an immigration matter nor is it just a foreign policy matter. It is a humanitarian crisis, executed by an administration that purports to be the cham-pion of ‘family values’ but whose actions do not value families. We are a great country with a long and noble tradition of providing sanctuary to the persecuted and oppressed. And it is in that spirit that we should act. We can do it; after all, we are Americans. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF MR. BEN-JAMIN HENRY BASCUM HUB-BARD 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in solemn remembrance of the life of Mr. Ben-jamin Henry Bascum Hubbard, or ‘‘B.H.’’ as he was affectionally known. B.H. served as a dedicated lawyer in the Northern Neck, and was a tireless advocate for his commuriity as a member of numerous boards and organiza-tions that greatly benefited the region. B.H. was born January 19, 1946 in White Stone, a small town in Virginia’s Tidewater. He graduated from the University of Virginia with a degree in English and earned his J.D. from the University of South Carolina. He was a founding member of the firm Hubbard, Terry, and Britt, in Irvington, and demonstrated total dedication to his clients through his work. Be-yond his firm, B.H. was always striving to im-prove the quality of life for his neighbors and the community he loved dearly. Most notably, he was chairman of the board of Rappahan-nock General Hospital and a member of the Board of Directors of Chesapeake Health Services. He also served on the Board of Di-rectors for Bon Secours Richmond Health System. One of his greatest achievements was the successful merger of Rappahannock General Hospital with Bon Secours. Beyond his work, he was known by all for his compas-sion, his deeply caring spirit, and his incredible capacity for service. I am fortunate to have called B.H. a friend and I extend my deepest condolences to his wife of over 50 years, Terry; daughters Emory and Elizabeth; son, Beau; and the rest of his family. B.H. leaves a lasting legacy in the Northern Neck that has been felt by all of its residents. As it says in the book of Matthew, ‘‘Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou has been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.’’ Mr. Speaker, I implore you and my col-leagues to join me as we honor the memory of Mr. B.H. Hubbard. BRYLEIGH BUCHANAN EARNS 3RD PLACE IN STATE FINALS HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge Bryleigh Buchanan’s athletic achievement. Bryleigh is a 2018 graduate of Harrisburg High School in the 15th District of Illinois. She earned the third-place medal in the high jump at the Illinois Class 2A Girls Track and Field State Final Meet for the sec-ond year in a row. In her final high school track meet, Bryleigh just ticked the bar on what would have been a gold-medal winning jump of 5 feet, 7 inches and later settled for the bronze after reaching 5-6. I offer my congratulations to Bryleigh Buchanan on her outstanding athletic achieve-ments and wish her well in her future goals. 
f 
HONORING THE WORLD WAR II AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the World War II and Korean War veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on June 6, 2018 with Honor Flight Chicago, a program that provides World War II and Korean War veterans the opportunity to visit their memo-rials on The National Mall in Washington, D.C. These memorials were built to honor their courage and service to their country. The American Veteran is one of our great-est treasures. The Soldiers, Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who traveled here on June 6th answered our nation’s call to service during one of its greatest times of need. From the European Campaign to the Pacific Asian Theatre to the African Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave service and sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a hero. We owe them more gratitude than can ever be ex-pressed. I welcome these brave veterans to Wash-ington and to their memorials. I am proud to include in the R
ECORD the names of these men and women for all to see, hear, and rec-ognize, and I call on my colleagues to rise and join me in expressing gratitude. 
Robert Allen, Richard R. Atkinson, Delford Clarence Becke, Raymond V. Biliskov, Mi-chael Bosak Jr., Patrick T. Brady, Julius E. Brasini, Jesse L. Bryant, Clifton C. Capp, Peter L. Carfagno, Percy Carroll, Anthony Cesaretti, Lloyd Keith Chapman, Edward Chatman, Walter A. Ciszak, Nealand J. Conway, John A. Cooper, Curtis Cowan, Willie C. Cross, John J. Danko, Eugene C. Donka, Peter Dykstra, Charles J. Everett, John M. Fitzgerald, Jules H. Fortin, Michael Conrad Gebhardt, James J. Godfrey, Jerry Goodman, William J. Haggerty, George A. Hartfield Jr., Harry R. Hinrich, Donald J. Hosek, Richard D. Houlihan, Alvin P. Izbicky, Robert A. Jaegers, Vilnis Jakobsons, Robert H. Keel, Joseph J. Kirasich, George R. Kleffel, Benjamin M. Kobit, Joseph C. Kremposky, Raymond J. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.014 E06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE785 June 6, 2018 
Kula, Alan H. Langefeld, Burton W. Lee, Sr., Gerald Lichtenberger, Roger G. Liddicoatt, Marvin G. Lloyd, Walter R. Magnuson, Thomas G. Maksud, Virgil W. Marsh, James H. Massey, Donald W. McKay, Ralph J. Melda, Richard G. Mikal, Nathaniel Moffett, Earl L. Morris, Merle C. Morris, Virgil A. Naumann, Gerald Wayne Newman, James R. Nichols, Howard Ralph Norberg, Dale R. Nor-ton, Charles J. Novotny, James J. O’Hara, William T. O’Neill, Adolph E. Olivi, Richard H. Oosterhoff, Henry Albert Pahl, Arnold R. Painter Jr., Richard J. Pniewski, Robert F. Prior, Richard Champion Pruett, Marlyn Reishus, Ralph F. Riccio, Lloyd K. Richard-son, Myron D. Sailer, James N. Sallwasser, Arthur J. Sawyer, Richard Schaap, John E. Senter, William B. Shoemaker, Vitus A. Skimina, John H. Smith, Edward Stanley, Richard E. Summit, Harley B. Tucker Jr., Carl R. Ulrich, Ronald J. Vergo, Henry L. Vervoort, Avelino C. Vidal, Walter C. Voss, Billy Joe Waterman, Donald R. Watson, Je-rome N. Weinberg, Charles A. Wellman, Ber-nard D. Whitehead, James B. Wood, Wayne O. Woodbury, Thomas D. Woodward, Valentino Zazzetti, George A. Zykan. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF FRANCISCO ‘‘FRANK’’ C. BLAS 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Francisco ‘‘Frank’’ C. Blas. Frank was a proud son of Guam and faithful public servant. He served as a Guam Mayor of the village of Tamuning- Tumon-Harmon from 2005 to 2013. Frank was born on February 17, 1942 and passed away on May 16, 2018 at the age of 76. Frank was the son of Tomas Leon Gurrero Blas and Maria Castro Blas. He was one of 17 children and a member of Guam’s greatest generation who survived the occupation of Guam during World War II. Frank graduated from George Washington High School in 1962 and attended the Guam Community College and the University of Guam. He then grad-uated from the Navy Apprentice Program in 1969. In his first term as mayor, Frank established the Tamuning Skate Park. He was instru-mental in cleaning up illegal trash dump sites, and putting a stop to illegal dumping through-out the village. Frank led the village of Tamuning-Tumon-Harmon through many com-munity events and cleanups, and refurbished the senior citizens center and gymnasium. Frank was also very involved in the local com-munity and volunteered his time with many or-ganizations. He served as president of the U.S. Navy Moral & Welfare Association, vice president of the Central Little League Base-ball, coach and manager for PWC Baseball League, president of Hafa Adai Kiwanis Inter-national Club, vice president of Tumon Parish Council Blessed Diego San Vitores Catholic Church, and so many more civic organiza-tions. I am deeply saddened by the passing of Francisco ‘‘Frank’’ C. Blas and I join the peo-ple of Guam in celebrating his life. He was a dedicated public servant who worked to im-prove our village of Tamuning-Tumon-Harmon, and the broader community during his tenure. I extend my condolences to his children and their families. He will be deeply missed, and his memory will live on in the hearts of the people of Guam. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I missed three votes on 6/5/2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 231; YEA on Roll Call No. 232; and YEA on Roll Call No. 233. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST CAROLINE COUNTY FAIR 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 100th Anniversary of the Caroline County Fair. The fair has long been a staple of the county, and provides a week-end of fun filled activates that allow for mem-bers of all communities to come and interact with each other. This year, the fair is proud to announce its first ever four-day fair, and the tenth year that the fair has been at the perma-nent fairgrounds, consisting of several major permanent fair structures. The fair is a rich tra-dition for the Caroline County residents, an area already steeped in rich Virginia history. Mr. Speaker, my distinguished colleagues, I would like to take this time to congratulate all those who have made the fair a success throughout the years. This is a tradition that I personally enjoy immensely, and am so proud to have in my district. 
f 
RUSSIA WORLD CUP RESOLUTION 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to intro-duce our bipartisan Resolution condemning Russian transgressions against international law during the upcoming World Cup. I want to thank my counterpart, Congresswoman R
OS- L
EHTINEN for her work with this important Res-olution. Russia will host the 2018 World Cup this June 14 to July 15. And the games have an expected global viewership of 3 billion, granting Russia global prestige, a platform to spread disinformation, and a tourism windfall. All undermine global sanctions. This trivializes Russia’s malicious efforts to weaken democracies through disinformation, election meddling and other violent measures. Russia illegally invaded and occupied Ukrain-ian territories since 2014, resulting in 10,000 deaths. A dark cloud hangs over these games with allegations of corruption associated with the selection of Russia for the World Cup. I call on my colleagues to support this reso-lution, which would call out Russia’s malign behavior, and on FIFA to justify holding the World Cup in a country internationally sanc-tioned for military aggression. Ideally, sports should be used to unite peo-ple for peace, not bankroll corrupt and violent regimes and their oligarch patrons. f 
RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING SOROPTIMIST INTERNATIONAL OF GUAM AS THEY CELEBRATE THE 40TH CHARTER ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize and commend Soroptimist International of Guam (SI/Guam) as they celebrate the 40th Charter Anniversary. Soroptimist International of Guam is a global volunteer organization that economically empowers women and girls with more than 110,000 members in 21 coun-tries and territories. Soroptimist members work to improve the lives of women and girls who face obstacles such as poverty, violence and teen pregnancy. Soroptimist clubs receive as-sistance in their volunteer efforts by partici-pating locally in programs developed and sponsored by the Soroptimist organization. Soroptimist International of Guam advocates for the abolition of human trafficking, for equal access to education, for equality in the work-place and teen dating violence prevention. I am proud to join Soroptimist International of Guam in celebrating 40 years of improving the lives of women and girls through programs leading to social and economic empowerment. On March 8, 1978, I joined with Former Guam Senator Pilar Lujan, Ann Roth, Grace Low, Doris Flores Brooks, Prudence Denight, Edwi-na Jose, Ana San Nicolas and others in char-tering Soroptimist International of Guam from Soroptimist International of the Americas. For the last 40 years, Soroptimist International of Guam recognizes and honors women of all ages who have made a significant impact on the lives of women, girls and the community as a whole. SI/Guam has done this through various awards programs, scholarships, fund-raising efforts, and so much more. Through the organization’s various fundraising efforts throughout the years, SI/Guam provides finan-cial support through monetary grants to local charitable organizations such as Island Girl Power, Salvation Army, Rigalu Foundation, Westcare Pacific, Big Brothers Big Sisters and others. I join the people of Guam in recognizing and celebrating the 40th Charter Anniversary of Soroptimist International of Guam. I extend my sincere gratitude to the forty members of SI/ Guam and its leadership. I look forward to their future success and continued contribu-tions to the people of Guam. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.017 E06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE786 June 6, 2018 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF CYNTHIA M. GRINDY 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Cynthia Grindy of Duluth, Min-nesota, an award-winning mentor, counselor and master educator, as she prepares to retire at the end of this academic year from Duluth Public Schools after more than three decades of dedicated service. As a former teacher, I fully appreciate the tireless work educators like Mrs. Grindy per-form in schools across the Nation every day. A great teacher can inspire children to do things they never thought possible. Mrs. Grindy began her career at Murray Middle School in St. Paul after graduating from the University of Minnesota. There, she taught mathematics to middle school students and went on to earn a master’s degree in edu-cation, also from the University of Minnesota. Moving to Duluth with her husband, Steven, she joined the teaching staff of Woodland Mid-dle School in 1986, then East High School in 1992, and made such a difference in the lives of so many. Mrs. Grindy’s exceptional teaching gained statewide recognition in 2006 when she was a core member of the Duluth East staff that won then Senator and now Governor Mark Day-ton’s Award for Excellence in Education. Just a year earlier, she had been named Min-nesota’s American Star in Teaching by the U.S. Department of Education. During her tenure, Mrs. Grindy advised stu-dent-led service and spirit organizations, in-cluding the Key Club and the Association. She taught Honors Chemistry, Introductory Chem-istry, and Physics. In fact, countless Duluth East alumni have remarked that they had Mrs. Grindy to thank for making their college chem-istry courses a relative breeze. It is telling that although she expected a great deal of her stu-dents, she was—and continues to be—be-loved by them. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in Con-gress to join me in recognizing Cynthia Grindy for her years of service on behalf of the stu-dents she inspired and the community she an-chored. Her passion for teaching has inspired her students to strive for the best and never stop learning. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAJOR JENNIFER GIBSON 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 6, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am grateful for the professional support provided by Major Jennifer Gibson, United States Air Force, to the Readiness Sub-committee of the House Armed Services Com-mittee. Over the past two years, Major Gibson, an active duty officer and engineer, has per-formed her duties as Legislative Liaison to the Congress in a superlative and valuable man-ner. Major Gibson’s analytical prowess and pas-sion for Airmen has helped members and staff develop and pass historic improvements in the National Defense Authorization Act in fiscal years 2018 and 2019, including targeted in-creases in authorization of appropriation, as well as innovative and forward-looking infra-structure policy initiatives that will help the Air Force achieve mission success well into the 21st century. I appreciate Major Gibson enduring many late nights and long trips in support of sub-committee priorities. Her tireless work ethic, willingness to tackle new issues, and assist-ance in addressing critical Air Force issues have been truly commendable. I have no doubt that as Major Gibson continues her ca-reer she will achieve great things for the Air Force, the Department of Defense, and her country. I am thankful for her dedicated staff work and wish her the very best in all her fu-ture endeavors. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 7, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED JUNE 11 2 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the Inspec-tor General’s first report on Depart-ment of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation actions in advance of the 2016 presidential election. SH–216 JUNE 12 9:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, Environ-mental Protection Agency, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019. SD–124 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Richard Clarida, of Con-necticut, to be a Member of the Board of Governors, and to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors, and Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors, both of the Federal Reserve System. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission. SD–366 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Jeffrey Kessler, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Com-merce, Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Patrick J. Urda, of Indiana, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court, and Amy Karpel, of Wash-ington, and Randolph J. Stayin, of Vir-ginia, both to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission. SD–215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on exam-ining the President’s blueprint ‘Amer-ican Patients First’ to lower drug prices. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Chem-ical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards program. SD–106 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine election in-terference, focusing on ensuring law enforcement is equipped to target those seeking to do harm. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Commerce, Department of Justice, Science, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. SD–192 JUNE 13 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold an oversight hearing to examine the National Telecommunications and Information Administration. SR–253 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine S. 3001, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Valley Project, H.R. 132, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and appur-tenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and H.R. 1967, to amend the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to authorize pumped storage hy-dropower development utilizing mul-tiple Bureau of Reclamation reservoirs. SD–366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine innovation and America’s infrastructure, focusing on the effects of emerging autonomous technologies on America’s roads and bridges. SD–406 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.023 E06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE787 June 6, 2018 
Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kimberly Breier, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Western Hemisphere Affairs), Kenneth S. George, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, and Joseph N. Mondello, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trini-dad and Tobago, all of the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 2836, to assist the Department of Homeland Se-curity in preventing emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehicles, S. 2392, to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to authorize the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to des-ignate cybersecurity technologies that qualify for protection under systems of risk and litigation management, S. 2948, to improve efforts to identify and reduce Governmentwide improper pay-ments, S. 1204, to authorize the United States Postal Service to carry out emergency suspensions of post offices in accordance with certain procedures, S. 2374, to amend the Improper Pay-ments Elimination and Recovery Im-provement Act of 2012, including mak-ing changes to the Do Not Pay Initia-tive, for improved detection, preven-tion, and recovery of improper pay-ments to deceased individuals, S. 2397, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a data framework to provide access for appropriate per-sonnel to law enforcement and other information of the Department, S. 2896, to require disclosure by lobbyists of convictions for bribery, extortion, em-bezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax eva-sion, fraud, conflicts of interest, mak-ing false statements, perjury, or money laundering, S. 2276, to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding rec-ommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, S. 2549, to designate the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’, S. 2692, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4581, to re-quire the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity to develop best practices for uti-lizing advanced passenger information and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vetting operations, H.R. 5079, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to re-quire the Department of Homeland Se-curity to develop an engagement strat-egy with fusion centers, H.R. 4567, to require a Department of Homeland Se-curity overseas personnel enhancement plan, H.R. 1496, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’, H.R. 2673, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’, H.R. 3183, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’, H.R. 4301, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4406, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4463, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’, H.R. 4574, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4646, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Cor-porate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Riv-ers, Jr. Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4685, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Is-land, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4840, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Disaster Re-covery Reform Act of 2018’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Opportunities to Provide for Illicit Opioid Interdiction and De-tection Act of 2018’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Modernizing Congressional Re-porting Act of 2018’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Federal Personal Property Management Act of 2018’’, and the nominations of Kelly Higashi, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, Frederick M. Nutt, of Virginia, to be Controller, Office of Federal Financial Manage-ment, Office of Management and Budg-et, and Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Govern-ment Ethics. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine confronting sexual harassment and other workplace misconduct in the Federal judiciary. SD–226 Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans To hold hearings to examine employer perspectives on multiemployer pension plans. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Army Corps’ regulation of surplus water and the role of states’ rights. SD–406 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office high risk list, focusing on turning around vulnerable Indian programs. SD–628 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Vet-erans’ Employment and Training. SR–418 JUNE 14 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine an update from the Comptroller of the Currency. SD–538 JUNE 19 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine effective ad-ministration of the 340B Drug Pricing Program. SD–430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M06JN8.000 E06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D625 Wednesday, June 6, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3001–S3268 Measures Introduced: Twenty-one bills and two resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2999–3019, and S. Res. 535–536.
           Pages S3034–35 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–267) S. 1872, to authorize the programs of the Trans-portation Security Administration relating to trans-portation security, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–266)
        Page S3234 
Measures Passed: Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Ad-justment and Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield Des-ignation Act: Senate passed H.R. 88, to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park lo-cated in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                              Page S3263, S3265 
McConnell (for Murkowski) Amendment No. 2349, to modify the authorized methods for the ac-quisition of land to be added to the Shiloh National Military Park.
                                                 Page S3263, S3265 
John Muir National Historic Site Expansion Act: Senate passed H.R. 1719, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, for inclusion in the John Muir National Historic Site.
   Pages S3263–64 
National Veterans Memorial and Museum Act: Senate passed H.R. 1900, to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Museum. 
                                                                                            Page S3264 
National Nordic Museum Act: Senate passed S. 2857, to designate the Nordic Museum in Seattle, Washington, as the ‘‘National Nordic Museum’’. 
                                                                                            Page S3264 Federal Land: Senate passed H.R. 1397, to au-thorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land. 
                                                                                            Page S3264 
National Emergency Medical Services Com-memorative Work Act: Senate passed S. 1692, to au-thorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs. 
                                                                                    Pages S3264–65 
Authorize Document Production: Senate agreed to S. Res. 536, to authorize document production by the Select Committee on Intelligence.
            Page S3265 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                                                   Pages S3005–23 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Friday, June 8, 2018.
      Page S3005 
Prior to the consideration of this measure, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S3005 
Marcus Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent-time agreement was reached providing that at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, June 7, 2018, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of Education, under the previous order of May 23, 2018; that the time until 12:30 p.m. be equally divided between the two Leaders or their designees; and that at 12:30 p.m., all debate time on the nomination be expired and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination with no intervening action or debate.
             Page S3265 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN8.REC D06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD626 June 6, 2018 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 83 yeas to 11 nays (Vote No. EX. 117), Annemarie Carney Axon, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama.
                                                   Pages S3001–05, S3268 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3031 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S3031–32 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S3032 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3032–34 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3034 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3035–36 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S3036 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3029–31 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3039–S3262 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3263 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3263 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—117)
                                                                Page S3005 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:02 a.m. and adjourned at 6:32 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, June 7, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3265.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
DEFENSE INNOVATION AND RESEARCH Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a closed hearing to exam-ine defense innovation and research funding, after re-ceiving testimony from Michael D. Griffin, Under Secretary for Research and Engineering, and Steven H. Walker, Director, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, both of the Department of Defense. INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Secu-rity concluded a hearing to examine the future of the International Space Station, focusing on stakeholder perspectives, after receiving testimony from Michael T. Suffredini, Axiom Space, Inc., and Bob Mitchell, Bay Area Houston Economic Partnership, both of Houston, Texas; Jim Chilton, The Boeing Company, Arlington, Virginia; and Cynthia Bouthot, Center for the Advancement of Science in Space, Cam-bridge, Massachusetts. COUNTERING MALICIOUS DRONES Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine countering malicious drones, including S. 2836, to assist the Department of Homeland Security in pre-venting emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehicles, after receiving testimony from David J. Glawe, Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis, and Hayley Chang, Deputy General Counsel, both of the Department of Homeland Security; Scott Brunner, Deputy Assistant Director, Critical Inci-dent Response Group, Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, Department of Justice; and Angela H. Stubblefield, Deputy Associate Administrator for Se-curity and Hazardous Materials Safety, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Transportation. AUMF AND FEDERAL SPENDING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management concluded a hearing to examine war powers and the effects of unauthorized military engagements on Federal spending, including S. J. Res. 59, to authorize the use of military force against the Taliban, al Qaeda, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and designated associated forces, and to provide an updated, transparent, and sustainable statutory basis for counterterrorism operations, after receiving testimony from Andrew P. Napolitano, Fox News Channel, New York, New York; and Jonathan Turley, The George Washington University, and Christopher Anders, American Civil Liberties Union, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nomination of Tara Sweeney, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, who was introduced by Senator Toomey, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of In-diana, and James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of In-diana, who were both introduced by Senators Don-nelly and Young, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, and Lance E. Walker, to be United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN8.REC D06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D627 June 6, 2018 
District Judge for the District of Maine, who was in-troduced by Senator Collins, after the nominees testi-fied and answered questions in their own behalf. STUDENT VISAS Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration concluded a hearing to ex-amine student visa integrity, focusing on protecting educational opportunity and national security, after receiving testimony from Joseph G. Morosco, Assist-ant Director, National Intelligence Manager—Coun-terintelligence, Office of the Director of National In-telligence; E.W. Priestap, Assistant Director, Coun-terintelligence Division, Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, Department of Justice; Edward J. Ramotowski, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Visa Services, Bureau of Consular Affairs, Department of State; Louis Rodi, Deputy Assistant Director, National Security Inves-tigations Division, Homeland Security Investiga-tions, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, De-partment of Homeland Security; Kevin Gamache, Texas A and M University System, College Station; and Jill Welch, NAFSA: Association of International Educators, and Leon Rodriguez, Seyfarth Shaw LLP, both of Washington, D.C. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5012–5025; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 922, 924–926, were introduced.
     Pages H4848–49 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4849–50 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 923, providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3) to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages trans-mitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congres-sional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974 (H. Rept. 115–712).
                                                Page H4848 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Issa to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H4779 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:27 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4782 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Aaron Krupnick, Congrega-tion Beth El, Voorhees, New Jersey.
               Page H4782 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 219 yeas to 177 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 236.
                                                             Pages H4782, H4792–93 
Moment of Silence: The House observed a moment of silence in honor of those who have been killed or wounded in service to our country and all those who serve and their families.
                                         Page H4782 Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that, during consideration of H.R. 8 in the Committee of the Whole pursuant to House Resolution 918, the amendment by Representative Moulton at the desk be considered as though printed as the last amendment printed in part A of House Report 115–711 and be debatable for 10 minutes. 
                                                                                            Page H4793 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that, during further consideration of H.R. 8 in the Committee of the Whole pursuant to House Resolution 918, the following amendments printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711 may be con-sidered out of sequence: Amendments numbered 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, and 8.
                                                       Page H4815 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:54 p.m. and recon-vened at 7:08 p.m.
                                                   Page H4844 
Recess: The House recessed at 7:09 p.m. and recon-vened at 9 p.m.
                                                          Page H4844 
Water Resources Development Act of 2018: The House passed H.R. 8, to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, by a recorded vote of 408 ayes to 2 noes, Roll No. 238. 
                                      Pages H4798–H4815, H4815–44, H4844–46 
Rejected the Vela´zquez motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 180 yeas to 227 nays, Roll No. 237.
                                                       Pages H4843–44, H4844–45 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–72 shall be considered as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN8.REC D06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD628 June 6, 2018 
adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure now printed in the bill.
                                                                                   Page H4804 
Agreed to: Shuster amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that makes technical changes to the bill, as well as additional provisions relating to Corps of Engineers projects and reports; addresses di-rect spending issue in sec. 306;
                         Page H4813 
Shuster amendment (No. 6 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs the Secretary to pro-vide technical assistance on construction to a state agency that is carrying out congressionally author-ized projects; such assistance would be reimbursed by the state agency; protects existing authorities under Davis-Bacon;
                                          Pages H4814–15 
Soto amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs the Secretary to expand the areas of consideration to include water storage; 
                                                                                            Page H4816 
Royce amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that adds flexibility in Section 120 so that future projects can also qualify for the pilot program;
                                                                         Page H4816 
Royce amendment (No. 5 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that authorizes Army Corps to give technical assistance to regional coalitions as they pre-pare for water resources development projects with potential connections to Army Corps projects or properties;
                                                              Pages H4816–17 
Denham amendment (No. 7 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that extends authority of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to enter into cost re-covery agreements for evaluation and processing of permits;
                                                                          Page H4817 
Esty amendment (No. 8 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that adds to a National Academy of Sciences report consideration of an analysis on whether the Corps considers cumulative benefits of locally developed projects, including Master Plans, and if the Corps uses these benefits for purposes of benefit-cost analysis for potential projects within such Master Plans;
                                            Pages H4817–18 
Soto amendment (No. 9 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that adds universities to the list of entities that the Secretary of the Army Corps should consider when submitting a report to Congress on the use of innovative materials in water resource de-velopment projects;
                                                  Page H4818 
Krishnamoorthi amendment (No. 10 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that requires the Comptroller of the United States to provide rec-ommendations to improve the capacity and prepared-ness of the Corp of Engineers workforce;                                                                                     Pages H4818–19 
Jayapal amendment (No. 11 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that adds to a GAO study con-sideration of how changes to the navigation industry workforce with which the Army Corps of Engineers collaborates may affect safety and operations within the navigation industry;
                                         Page H4819 
Soto amendment (No. 12 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs the GAO to specifically consider trough bars, coastal wetlands and barrier coral reefs for their study on the feasibility of projects for flood risk management, hurricane and storm damage reduction, and ecosystem restoration; 
                                                                                    Pages H4819–20 
Sanford amendment (No. 13 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that ensures timely payback for advanced funds paid for by a non-federal sponsor; 
                                                                                            Page H4820 
Nolan amendment (No. 14 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that requires the Secretary to conduct a study of the status of the project for flood damage reduction and environmental restoration for the Muddy River authorized by WRDA 2000; the Secretary is required to submit a report to Congress describing the study and reasons for deauthorizing the project;
                                                            Pages H4820–21 
Moore amendment (No. 15 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that requires the Corps to take steps to better engage with and meaningfully consult with communities of color, low-income commu-nities, tribes, and rural communities;
             Page H4821 
Meadows amendment (No. 16 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that prioritizes the operation, maintenance, and improvement of existing infra-structure;
                                                                Pages H4821–22 
Mast amendment (No. 17 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that clarifies the Secretary’s author-ity under WRDA 2000 to provide credit for Com-prehensive Everglades Restoration in-kind work completed during design or construction, including work after a partnership agreement is signed; the Secretary and non-Federal sponsor must agree to the terms and conditions for in-kind work not expressly defined in the partnership agreement and the Sec-retary must determine the work is integral to the project;
                                                                            Page H4822 
Pearce amendment (No. 18 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that requires the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to pay back the Federal cost share for projects carried out under section 593 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 in the next fiscal year;
                                          Pages H4822–23 
Kelly (PA) amendment (No. 19 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that states that in regards to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN8.REC D06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D629 June 6, 2018 
WRDA funding determinations, the Corps of Engi-neers may consider operation and maintenance of the locks on Allegheny River for purposes of recreational boat traffic levels and related economic benefits; 
                                                                                            Page H4823 
Schrader amendment (No. 20 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that provides the Army Corps of Engineers with the authority to help mitigate any detrimental impacts to municipal water supply re-sulting from a Corps construction project;
   Page H4823 
Jayapal amendment (No. 21 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that requests from the Army Corps of Engineers a report to Congress on the po-tential opportunity for integrating noise abatement and noise mitigation technologies and practices into improvements and operations in harbors and inland harbors;
                                                                   Pages H4823–24 
Higgins (LA) amendment (No. 22 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs the Secretary to prefer acquiring the minimum interest necessary in real property needed to support a project or ac-tion; requires consideration of the use of a temporary easement estate or other interests designed to reduce overall costs, reduce project time, and minimize con-flict with property owners related to such project or action;
                                                                              Page H4824 
Babin amendment (No. 23 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that expresses the sense of Con-gress stating the importance and benefits of projects to improve 2-way traffic safety on high volume, deep draft navigation channels;
                             Pages H4824–25 
Bost amendment (No. 24 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that permits a non-federal flood control project sponsor to pay, or contribute to, the difference between the cost of repairing a damaged flood control project and its projected economic ben-efits;
                                                                          Pages H4825–26 
Heck amendment (No. 25 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs GAO to conduct a study on USACE’s ability to comply with Federal stormwater runoff requirements;
               Pages H4826–27 
Gonza´lez-Colo´n amendment (No. 26 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that expresses the sense of Congress that the Corps of Engineers should consider urgently and favorably projects and pro-posals pending before them for flood control, dam repair, beach erosion, harbor navigation in Puerto Rico, as well as for repair and mitigation required by natural disasters in 2017–2018; and that the Sec-retary should advance the project for ecosystem res-toration at Can˜o Martin Pen˜a, San Juan, Puerto Rico;
                                                                                 Page H4827 
Gibbs amendment (No. 27 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that instructs the Secretary to expedite the DMMP process in order that studies reach completion within two years of their initiation and shall make maximum use of existing informa-tion and studies and avoid all redundant information collection and studies for purposes of Dredged Mate-rial Management Plans initiated in fiscal year 2018 and afterward;                                                      Pages H4827–28 
Rodney Davis (IL) amendment (No. 29 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that clarifies that oper-ation and maintenance of any project authorized under the Chief’s Report for the Brandon Road Study is done at an 80/20 Federal/non-Federal cost share; also requires the Corps, following construction of any project authorized under the Chief’s Report for the Brandon Road Study, to consult with the governor of the state where the project is located and seek Congressional approval prior to implementing any additional technologies at the project; also, adds to the list of feasibility studies in the base bill the USACE must expedite completion of the Great Lakes Mississippi River Interbasin Study Brandon Road Study;
                                                          Pages H4828–29 
Gonza´lez-Colo´n amendment (No. 30 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs the sec-retary to expedite reports for the navigation project for San Juan Harbor, Puerto Rico, per the study au-thorized by resolution of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in September 20, 2006;
                                                                               Page H4829 
Lance amendment (No. 31 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs the Secretary to ex-pedite the completion of a feasibility study for the Warren Glen Dam Removal Project in the Musconetcong River, New Jersey;
            Pages H4829–30 
Ben Ray Lujan (NM) amendment (No. 32 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that authorizes the expansion of the Abiquiu Reservoir;
               Page H4830 
Larsen (WA) amendment (No. 33 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that increases the per project funding cap for Section 544 Puget Sound and Adjacent Waters Restoration (PSAW) to $10 million—which is consistent with Section 206 Aquatic Ecosystem Restoration projects and raises the overall authorization level for PSAW; 
                                                                                    Pages H4830–31 
Keating amendment (No. 34 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs the Army Corps to expedite and complete dredging in Plymouth Har-bor, Massachusetts as authorized;
                      Page H4831 
Joyce amendment (No. 35 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that requires the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to complete its Chief’s Report for the Brandon Road Study by February 2019; 
                                                                                    Pages H4831–32 
Bishop (GA) amendment (No. 36 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that conveys three parcels of land, known as the Earle May Recreational Area, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN8.REC D06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD630 June 6, 2018 
from the Army Corps of Engineers to the City of Bainbridge;
                                                           Pages H4832–33 
Blum amendment (No. 37 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that expedites the completion of the Cedar River flood risk management project au-thorized in 2014;
                                                       Page H4833 
Keating amendment (No. 38 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that grants the Army Corps the authority to repair or replace bridges in New Eng-land that serve as emergency evacuation routes; 
                                                                                    Pages H4833–34 
McMorris Rodgers amendment (No. 39 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that authorizes a land transfer between the Port of Whitman and the Army Corps of Engineers;
                                                  Page H4834 
Shea-Porter amendment (No. 40 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs the Secretary to use existing authority to mitigate severe shoaling at Hampton Harbor, New Hampshire;
        Pages H4834–35 
Shea-Porter amendment (No. 41 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs the Secretary to expedite the navigation project for Portsmouth Har-bor and the Piscataqua River;
                             Page H4835 
Lewis (MN) amendment (No. 42 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that encourages the Sec-retary to consider reasonable alternative agreements between state or local entities, private partners, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineering to dispose of dredged material;
                                               Pages H4835–36 
Olson amendment (No. 43 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that looks to expedite already authorized U.S. Army Corp of Engineers projects in the declared disaster areas of Texas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands;
                                                            Page H4836 
Culberson amendment (No. 44 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that requires the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to carry out flood and storm damage reduction studies expeditiously in order to reduce the risk of damage from future floods and hurricanes in the Houston and Coastal Texas areas; 
                                                                                    Pages H4836–37 
Weber (TX) amendment (No. 45 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that enhances the Levee Safety Action Classification (LSAC) risk categoriza-tion tool, developed internally by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; it supplements current duties by ensuring that individual levee system LSAC ratings are transparent;
                                                   Pages H4837–38 
Meeks amendment (No. 46 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that expedites the Army Corps of Engineers’ reformulation project in certain Sandy Superstorm affected areas of Queens, NY;
    Page H4838 
Schrader amendment (No. 47 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that requires the Army Corps of Engineers to include in future workplans, to the maximum extent practicable, any project or facility for disposition for which the Corps has a final report from the Director of Civil Works;           Pages H4838–39 
Smith (MO) amendment (No. 48 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that ensures prompt res-toration and rebuilding in the event of an activation of any floodway or backwater feature within the Mis-sissippi Rivers and Tributaries system;
          Page H3839 
Young (AK) amendment (No. 49 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that requires the Secretary to conduct an assessment of dams classified as Class III under the Dam Safety Action Classification of the Corps of Engineers; requires the Secretary to provide a report to Congress describing anticipated impacts on the local communities if the Secretary no longer assumes responsibility of the Class III dam, or what the effects would be if the Secretary continues to as-sume responsibility of the dams over a period of 15 years after the date of enactment of this Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H4839–40 
Costa amendment (No. 50 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that authorizes the Army Corps to accept contributed funds from the owners of non- federal Section 7 reservoirs for the purpose of review-ing/revising operational documents, including flood control manuals and rule curves;
               Pages H4840–41 
Soto amendment (No. 51 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that directs the Secretary, to the maximum extent practicable, to endeavor to provide information to all adjoining residential property stakeholders, next to property which the Army Corps of Engineers holds an interest;
                           Page H4841 
Paulsen amendment (No. 52 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that expedites the completion of a disposition study and requires the Secretary to re-port on the feasibility of preserving and enhancing recreational opportunities and the health of the eco-system of Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam; and
                                                                            Pages H4841–42 
Moulton amendment (No. 53 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that adds at the end of title I the following section entitled: Corps of Engineers Continuing Authorities Program.
                     Page H4842 
Withdrawn: Gibbs amendment (No. 3 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–711) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have amended language to ensure all factors are considered in order for the mitigation bank to provide sufficient financial assur-ances.
                                                                       Pages H4815–16 
H. Res. 918, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 3249) and providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 8) and (H.R. 5895) was agreed to by a recorded vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN8.REC D06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D631 June 6, 2018 
of 223 ayes to 175 noes, Roll No. 235, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 224 yeas to 176 nays, Roll No. 234.
      Pages H4785–92 
Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Au-thorization Act: The House concurred in the Senate amendment to H.R. 3249, to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, by a yea-and- nay vote of 394 yeas to 13 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 239.
                 Pages H4793–98, H4846 
H. Res. 918, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 3249) and providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 8) and (H.R. 5895) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 223 ayes to 175 noes, Roll No. 235, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 224 yeas to 176 nays, Roll No. 234.
      Pages H4785–92 
Clerk to Correct Engrossment: Agreed by unani-mous consent that in the engrossment of H.R. 8, the Clerk be authorized to correct section numbers, punctuation, amendatory instructions, and cross-ref-erences, and to make such other technical and con-forming changes as may be necessary to accurately reflect the actions of the House.
                        Page H4846 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H4779. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4791–92, H4792, H4793, H4844–45, H4845–46, and H4846. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:46 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the FY 2019 Interior, Environment and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill was ordered reported, as amended. EXAMINING THE POLICIES AND PRIORITIES OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Poli-cies and Priorities of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’’. Testimony was heard from Alex M. Azar II, Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services. EXAMINING THE REAUTHORIZATION OF THE PANDEMIC AND ALL-HAZARDS PREPAREDNESS ACT Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Re-authorization of the Pandemic and All-Hazards Pre-paredness Act’’. Testimony was heard from Anna Abram, Deputy Commissioner for Policy, Planning, Legislation, and Analysis, Food and Drug Adminis-tration; Robert Kadlec, Assistant Secretary for Pre-paredness and Response, Department of Health and Human Services; Rear Admiral Upper Half Stephen Redd, Director, Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention, Department of Health and Human Services; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Leg-islative Review of H.R. 1511, the ‘Homeless Chil-dren and Youth Act of 2017’ ’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. IMPROVING TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY AT THE BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Transparency and Ac-countability at the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 4627, the ‘‘Shielding Public Spaces from Vehicular Terrorism Act’’; H.R. 4991, the ‘‘Supporting Research and Development for First Responders Act’’; H.R. 5206, the ‘‘Office of Biomet-ric Identity Management Authorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5207, the ‘‘Immigration Advisory Pro-gram Authorization Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5729, the ‘‘Transportation Worker Identification Credential Accountability Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5730, the ‘‘Transportation Security Technology Innovation Re-form Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5733, the ‘‘DHS Industrial Control Systems Capabilities Enhancement Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5762, the ‘‘Joint Task Force to Combat Opioid Trafficking Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5766, the ‘‘Securing Public Areas of Transportation Facilities Act of 2018’’; and H. Res. 898, directing the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to transmit certain doc-uments to the House of Representatives relating to Department of Homeland Security policies and ac-tivities relating to homeland security information produced and disseminated regarding cybersecurity threats posed by the ZTE Corporation, headquartered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN8.REC D06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD632 June 6, 2018 
in Shenzhen, China. H.R. 5766, H.R. 4991, and H. Res. 898 were ordered reported, without amend-ment. H.R. 4627, H.R. 5206, H.R. 5207, H.R. 5729, H.R. 5730, H.R. 5733, and H.R. 5762 were ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3777, the ‘‘Juab County Convey-ance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4528, to make technical amendments to certain marine fish conservation stat-utes, and for other purposes; H.R. 4824, the ‘‘Rural Broadband Permitting Efficiency Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5597, the ‘‘Desert Tortoise Habitat Conservation Plan Expansion Act, Washington County, Utah’’; H.R. 5751, the ‘‘Golden Spike 150th Anniversary Act’’; and H.R. 5875, to amend the Pittman-Rob-ertson Wildlife Restoration Act and the Dingell- Johnson Federal Aid in Sport Fish Restoration Act, to provide parity for United States territories and the District of Columbia, to make technical corrections to such Acts and related laws, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 3777, H.R. 4824, H.R. 5597, and H.R. 5751 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 4528 and H.R. 5875 were ordered reported, without amendment. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on legis-lation to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to re-cover the cost of processing administrative protests for oil and gas lease sales, applications for permits to drill, and right of way applications, and for other purposes; legislation to clarify the categorical exclu-sions authorized by the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and authorize additional categorical exclusions to streamline the oil and gas permitting process, and for other purposes; legislation to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to authorize notifications of permit to drill, and for other purposes; and legislation to clar-ify that Bureau of Land Management shall not re-quire permits for oil and gas activities conducted on non-Federal surface estate to access subsurface min-eral estate that is less than 50 percent Federally owned, and for other purposes. Testimony was heard from John Baza, Director, Utah Division of Oil, Gas and Mining; Susana Martinez, Governor, New Mex-ico; Katharine MacGregor, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary for Land and Minerals Management, Depart-ment of the Interior; Ken McQueen, Secretary, En-ergy, Minerals and Natural Resources Department, New Mexico; and a public witness. PROTECTING AMERICA FROM A BAD DEAL: ENDING U.S. PARTICIPATION IN THE NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Protecting America from a Bad Deal: Ending U.S. Participation in the Nuclear Agreement with Iran’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019; SPENDING CUTS TO EXPIRED AND UNNECESSARY PROGRAMS ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 5895, the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’ [Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019] [Amendment Consideration]; and H.R. 3, the ‘‘Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–2, a rule providing for the further consid-eration of the Senate amendment to H.R. 5895 under a structured rule. The rule provides that no further general debate shall be in order. The rule provides that the further amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, and available pro forma amend-ments described in section 4 of House Resolution 918. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the pro-ponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments de-scribed in section 4 of House Resolution 918, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against further amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 3 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the Majority Leader and the Mi-nority Leader or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part C of the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN8.REC D06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D633 June 6, 2018 
rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Finally, in section 3, the rule pro-vides that provisions of section 1017 of the Im-poundment Control Act of 1974 shall not apply to a bill or joint resolution introduced with respect to the special message transmitted under section 1012 of that Act on May 8, 2018. Testimony was heard from Representatives Hastings, Torres, Renacci, Grothman, Moore, Aderholt, and Lowey. MILLENNIALS AND THE GIG ECONOMY Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Millennials and the Gig Econ-omy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LOWERING COSTS AND EXPANDING ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE THROUGH CONSUMER-DIRECTED HEALTH PLANS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Lowering Costs and Expanding Access to Health Care through Con-sumer-Directed Health Plans’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2019’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2019’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2837, to improve the systems for identifying the diver-sion of controlled substances, S. 974, to promote com-petition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products, S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, and the nominations of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, J. Campbell Barker, and Jeremy D. Kernodle, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Virginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Cir-cuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Florida, and Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Oklahoma, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense, markup on the FY 2019 Defense Appropriations Bill, 12 p.m., H–140 Capitol. This markup will be closed. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Hydropower Li-censing Process’’, 11 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3861, the ‘‘Federal Insurance Office Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4557, the ‘‘Reforming Disaster Recovery Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5054, the ‘‘Small Company Disclo-sure Simplification Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5756, to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to adjust certain resubmission thresholds for shareholder proposals; H.R. 5783, the ‘‘Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5877, the ‘‘Main Street Growth Act’’; and legislation on the Streamlining Com-munications for Investors Act, 11 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘A Bad Year for Human Rights in Vietnam’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Business Investment and Trade in the Americas’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘Wildfire Risk, Forest Health, and Associated Management Priorities of the U.S. Forest Service’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Electric Grid of the Fu-ture’’, 1 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Investiga-tions, Oversight, and Regulations, hearing entitled ‘‘Vets First? An Examination of VA’s Resources for Veteran- Owned Small Businesses’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Maritime Transportation in the Arctic: The U.S. Role’’, 11 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Honoring Heroes: Memorializing our Nation’s Vet-erans’’, 11:15 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘An Assess-ment of the Potential Health Effects of Burn Pit Expo-sure among Veterans’’, 3 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Social Security’s Solvency Challenge: The Status of Social Security’s Trust Funds’’, 11 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the potential for health care savings accounts to engage patients and bend the health care cost curve, 3 p.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN8.REC D06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD634 June 6, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, June 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of Education, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 12:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, June 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 5895— Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beutler, Jaime Herrera, Wash., E780 Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E781 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E780, E782, E783, E785, E785 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E779 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E780 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E780 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E780 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E782 Holding, George, N.C., E781 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E779, E781, E783 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E785 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E781, E785 Nolan, Richard M., Minn., E786 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E784 Shimkus, John, Ill., E784 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E786 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E784, E785 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:58 Jun 07, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06JN8.REC D06JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST