Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4851 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 2018 No. 94 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 7, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
RIAN K. F
ITZPATRICK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
WHAT FAMILY VALUES? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I don’t want to hear another Republican Member of Congress come to this microphone to speak about family val-ues ever again. I don’t want to hear about protecting families or honoring families or putting families first, be-cause each and every time a Repub-lican invokes family values on this floor, it will be a lie, and a cruel lie at that. If you want to run on the President’s record to keep your job so you can feed your family, part of the price is that you have zero credibility when it comes to family values from now until forever. Along the southern border, hundreds of children have been taken from their parents and hundreds have been held in border stations without sleeping rooms or adequate bedding for several days in violation of Federal laws that safe-guard children. We are told that the number of chil-dren in the care of the agency we put in charge is now above 11,000 children, but we don’t know for sure, because the government, our government, your government, is not telling us what is really going on, and an oversight hear-ing with the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity scheduled for today was can-celed at the Judiciary Committee. Hundreds of children in the care of Border Patrol, most of them under the age of 12, and 11,000 total in the system. The White House thinks Latinos are not really human beings, so we can treat them however we want and it doesn’t matter; after all, it is not like they are coming from Norway. The President and the Attorney Gen-eral say they are ‘‘illegals,’’ which is also a lie, and they know it. People fleeing violence and systematic rape and murder can come to the U.S., can ask for political asylum, and it is 100 percent legal under the laws of the United States. Every one of us knows that taking a child from a mother is morally wrong except in the most extreme cases. In this country’s history, we sold millions of Black children because they were considered property during slav-ery, and we stole Native American chil-dren from their families to strip them of their culture and heritage because we labeled them as savages. Most people think these are among the most shameful chapters in Amer-ican history—most people. But we all know how the President feels about Latino children. He says they are ‘‘not so innocent,’’ so I guess he thinks they are programmed to turn into the peo-ple he calls animals and rapists be-cause of where they were born. According to the White House Chief of Staff, the children at the border will be ‘‘put in foster care or whatever.’’ And the Attorney General says he be-lieves the children will be well taken care of ‘‘for the most part.’’ Forgive me if I don’t put much stock in national leaders whose concern for children includes the terms ‘‘or what-ever,’’ or ‘‘for the most part.’’ So, Republicans, do not ever come to this floor and claim that your party supports families and defends children. You have lost all your family values privileges. This afternoon, I will meet with fam-ilies that were broken up because the meat packing plant where their par-ents work was raided in April by ICE and the Tennessee State Troopers. Please tell them about your family values. We don’t provide legal ways for their parents to come here because Repub-licans oppose legal immigration, but employers need the workers, and those parents are under constant threat of arrest, deportation, and never seeing their children again. The owners of the plant that em-ployed the workers, as far as we know, nothing has happened to them, and they are probably going to enjoy din-ner with their families again tonight. Last week in Chicago and this morn-ing in Ohio, a few hundred more work-ing people were rounded up and their children, most of whom are U.S. citi-zens, are left without their parents. In Pennsylvania, it was restaurant work-ers; in Iowa, it was concrete plant workers. Tearing apart Latino families is an election year strategy for this White 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.000 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4852 June 7, 2018 
House designed to energize Republican voters for primaries and midterms this year to reelect Republican Members of the House and the Senate. And let’s not forget that, while al-most 5,000 Puerto Ricans were dying— yes, dying, and are still dying today— your President was giving himself an A-plus and saying there had been no real catastrophe, all while families were telling us of the loved ones they were losing because they didn’t have electricity or medicine or a hospital. So to my Republican colleagues, some of whom I love dearly, please don’t you ever come to the well of this House and tell the country that you support family values. Don’t you dare. Your time talking about family values is over. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
UL-
BERSON ). Members are reminded to re-frain from engaging in personalities to-ward the President. 
f 
U.S. MUST TAKE ACTION TO SUP-PORT THE PEOPLE OF NICA-RAGUA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I met with Victor Cuadras and Zayda Hernandez, two young Nica-raguan student leaders who bravely protest the abuses and violence of the Ortega regime. Knowing that they could face trumped-up charges upon their return to Nicaragua, Victor and Zayda feel a unique sense of responsibility to come here to Washington to advocate for jus-tice and liberty for their homeland. They represent the voice of the Nica-raguan people, old and new genera-tions, who desire nothing more than a free and democratic country where one can be prosperous and live without fear of repression. What a concept. And we must listen to their pleas, Mr. Speaker. Countless Nicaraguans are on the front lines, as you can see on this post-er, confronting the brutality of the Or-tega regime day after day. Over 120 Nicaraguans and one U.S. citizen have been killed at the hands of this murderous regime in just the past weeks. Over 1,000 Nicaraguans have been injured, hundreds continue to dis-appear. Mr. Speaker, I was on the floor yes-terday, and here I am again for the fourth time since the regime’s crack-down on the Nicaraguan people began on April 18, because I believe that it is vital—now, more than ever—for the United States to support the people of Nicaragua in its fight to reestablish democratic order. We must let the peo-ple know that they are not alone. Earlier this week, I was joined by Re-publicans and Democrats, Representa-tives and Senators, in urging the ad-ministration to sanction two of Ortega’s many thugs: Francisco Lopez, head of ALBANISA, for money laun-dering and corruption; and Francisco Diaz, who leads the National Police, for orchestrating the repression and the killings of Nicaraguans. But there are so many others who must be sanctioned, including Gustavo Porras, head of the National Assembly; Sonia Castro, Minister of Health; Ro-berto Lopez, president of the Social Se-curity Institute; and Tirso Celedon, a real estate developer profiting from the Social Security Institute. Each of these individuals is part of Ortega’s inner circle and is responsible for those acts of corruption and human rights violations, all of which have been widely reported. I urge the administration to not delay any longer and to take swift ac-tion to freeze assets, to cancel visas and to sanction to the full extent of our laws those who are responsible for so much corruption and so many mur-ders in Nicaragua. We have a moral responsibility to lead the way and help bring to justice those responsible for the atrocities that they see happening in that coun-try. We need to send a clear message that the United States is paying atten-tion and that those terrible acts will not go unpunished. Mr. Speaker, this Chamber has known for a while about how trouble-some the Ortega regime is, to say the least, and we have been able to lead on this issue, and I thank my colleagues for that. In October 2017, this House passed my NICA Act, which seeks to leverage America’s influence by conditioning our vote at any of the international fi-nancial institutions until Nicaragua takes significant steps to uphold the rule of law and strengthen democratic institutions. Unfortunately, our colleagues in the Senate have been silent—silent. I urge them to quit stalling and to take meaningful action by finally passing the NICA Act so that we can keep the pressure on that awful regime until de-mocracy, freedom, and prosperity re-turn to beautiful Nicaragua and these young people will be free once again. 
f 
THANKING SUE SMITH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, a few years ago, Massachusetts was bracing for a brutal blizzard bringing extreme life-threatening cold. Families were bundling up; schools canceled class; first responders prepared for a long, long night of calls. And one woman, Sue Smith, was opening the doors to Faith Alliance Church in Attleboro to welcome the city’s homeless popu-lation into her warm embrace. It was an extraordinary act of com-passion and community service. But for Sue, it wasn’t. It was just one more day of fiercely protecting her neigh-bors, one more night of caring for the most vulnerable among us, one more family given a roof over their heads, one more life saved from hypothermia. A few months after that snowy, freez-ing night, I was humbled to invite Sue to be my guest to the State of the Union Address. Sue has never asked for recognition or praise, but few are more deserving than she is. She has never asked for a helping hand when facing her own per-sonal battles. But this week, I learned that Sue has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. And although I know she would never ask her neighbors to return her im-mense gratitude, we do have a message for her. Sue, we are by your side in your fight. We know this cancer won’t stop you or even slow you, but we are here with you for whatever you need. Thank you for being our better angel. f 
PROMOTING COMPUTER SCIENCE AT DUBOIS AREA MIDDLE SCHOOL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, Monday marked the last day of school for students at the DuBois Area Middle School. It was a last day like probably none other. In addition to celebrating the long- awaited start of summer vacation, the sixth grade students finished off their school year with a special visit from Silicon Valley. Representatives from Google traveled to Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, to deliver a CS First Roadshow, a com-puter science education presentation. Google specifically developed this event for fourth through eighth grad-ers. b1015 Two Google employees delivered the hour-long presentation which focused on teaching students both problem- solving and technical coding skills through a series of interactive activi-ties. They encouraged kids to develop an interest in computer science education by giving real-life examples of how cod-ing and STEM education can lead to educational opportunities and exciting careers. Mr. Speaker, the presentation was in-credible, and it was clear that the stu-dents truly enjoyed it. These are the kinds of skills that students every-where need to be exposed to at a young age to get them interested in the STEM fields. I was excited to kick off this event at DuBois Area Middle School. I told the students that technology is constantly changing, and America needs the next generation of computer scientists ready for any opportunities that might come our way. We need more people in this world who can help build the future or invent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.002 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4853 June 7, 2018 
the next big thing. That is why it is ex-tremely important for our students to learn about computer science at an early age. The CS Roadshow helped kids build their own fun stories using Scratch, which is an introductory cod-ing tool. Our students today are exposed to technology at such an early age, but don’t necessarily get to learn about why computer science should be an im-portant part of their lives, both now and in the future. The CS First Roadshow teaches students about the importance of STEM education and uses interactive activities to teach them coding basics. Hopefully, this experience instilled a newfound passion for computer science in these students, and I think it did just that. I could tell from the joy on their faces and the fun that they were having with their partners that they truly were beginning a journey with computer science. Mr. Speaker, currently there are more than 500,000 open computing jobs in the United States. In Pennsylvania alone there are more than 17,800 open computing jobs—that is 3.4 times the State average demand rate—and only 2,969 computer science graduates. By the year 2020, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts there will be 1 million more computer science jobs than graduating students who qualify for the jobs. And only 10 percent of K– 12 schools in the United States offer computer science classes, which is a statistic that we must improve. I look forward to checking back in with the DuBois Area Middle School at the start of the next school year to see how it can expand upon and grow more of an interest in computer science pro-grams for our young learners. After all, they are our future. 
f 
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S APPROACH TO TRADE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the administration’s ap-proach to trade and the pain that we are already feeling due to the short-sighted and poorly-considered decisions that have been made. Since the administration announced its plans in March to use wide-ranging tariffs to address trade imbalances, I have been warning the President and the Nation that this is a wrongheaded approach. So many of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle, I believe, agree. We all want to see American jobs se-cure and increase opportunities for our economy; that is without doubt. But raising broadly-defined tariffs will do, I believe, just the opposite. We all know, or at least most of us know, that the most likely effect of raising tariffs will be other countries adjusting their trade measures to protect their econo-mies and their industries and their workers. Let’s realize that, in the global econ-omy that we live in today, most coun-tries have leverage. I hope the Presi-dent realizes this. And what happens as a result? We have a trade war. That is where we are going, and I have been saying since March, no one, Mr. Speak-er, no one wins in a trade war; which is why both Republicans and Democrats have publicly expressed grave concerns with the administration’s tariff-based approach to trade. But beyond the warnings and con-cerns, Mr. Speaker, we are now feeling the negative impacts of the adminis-tration’s approach. Without a doubt, our country is beginning to engage in these stages of a trade war. Tariffs, for example, on California agriculture products are already in place. Forty-four percent of Califor-nia’s agriculture economy, which is the number 1 agricultural State in the Na-tion, 44 percent of it is based upon international trade. Almonds, wine, pistachios, citrus, all face increased tariffs on exports to China, and that is just the start. It is also taking place in Mexico and Canada. I met with a California almond proc-essor yesterday who told me that, as a result of these tariffs, the Chinese buy-ers are staying away from the table. He told me that this time of the year he usually has sold a significant portion of his harvest to Chinese buyers, but because of the uncertainty of these tar-iffs he hasn’t sold a single pound. Mr. Speaker, the retaliatory tariffs imposed in reaction to this administra-tion’s steel and aluminum tariffs are already impacting the California agri-culture economy, which, again, 44 per-cent of it is based upon international trade, and it is hurting our relation-ships with many of our allies in Eu-rope, as well as our neighbors to the north and to the south. Yes, there are trade imbalances in the global market we live in, and we should address them. There is bipar-tisan agreement we should address them. But the way to address these trade imbalances is through successful re-negotiation of NAFTA, negotiating trade agreements with our European and Pacific Rim allies. That is the way to deal with the trade imbalances. We cannot address trade imbalances or arrive at mutually beneficial agree-ments through trade wars, plain and simple. What’s more, the President and the Congress must work together on trade agreements. Based upon where we are today, it looks like it will require us in Congress to re-assert our constitutional author-ity and responsibility to regulate inter-national trade agreements. That is part of our job. This will take hard work, bipartisan negotiations, and seri-ous policy deliberations which, in turn, requires that we overcome our partisan division and come together as Amer-ica’s Congress. I call on my colleagues today to join me in real negotiations, in real bipar-tisan work, and in the type of policy deliberations that our Nation needs and that America deserves. We can do this and we must do this. Our country currently is being led by this administration into a very real trade war, but it is not too late to stop it, and it is Congress’ responsibility, frankly, to say, time out. Let’s sit down and work together with our allies in Europe, our neighbors to the north and to the south of us, and in the Pa-cific Rim, to do what is right, and that is to ensure that we protect American workers, American industries, Amer-ican agriculture, and, yes, that we don’t engage in a trade war that will lead to no good end. We can fix this trade imbalance, and we should, and we must assert our-selves. f 
RECOGNIZING THE INCREDIBLE CAREER OF GLEN POST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible ca-reer of CenturyLink CEO, Glen Post. Glen is retiring after 42 years with the company. He spent 26 of these years as the CEO, a feat recognized recently by Fortune Magazine, as Glen is one of the longest-serving CEOs in the Nation. CenturyLink has been an incredible growth company under Glen’s leader-ship, expanding from 3,000 employees to more than 65,000. It is now the third largest communications service pro-vider in the United States, a corner-stone of his legacy. It is quite a story for a small, rural, family-owned telephone company that started up in the 1930s by Clarke Wil-liams. The company’s original prin-ciples, fairness, honesty, integrity, commitment to excellence, faith, posi-tive attitude, respect, and persever-ance, have remained the guiding goals under Glen’s leadership. Like his company, Glen got his start in north Louisiana. He earned his bach-elor’s degree and a master’s degree from Louisiana Tech University in Ruston, Louisiana. He received the Louisiana Tech Col-lege of Business Distinguished Alumni Award in 1991, the Louisiana Tech Uni-versity Tower Medallion Award in 1997, and the DeGree Enterprises Lifetime Achievement Award in Business in 2003. In addition to his career achieve-ments, he has provided invaluable ad-vice to the United States Government as a member of the President’s Na-tional Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee. He has also chaired the Communications, Security, Reliability, and Interoperability Coun-cil in 2012 and 2013. As a native of Farmerville, Lou-isiana, Glen is a north Louisiana duck hunting, country boy at heart. CenturyLink now operates in 60 countries and sees revenues in the bil-lions of dollars, yet, it remains 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.005 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4854 June 7, 2018 
headquartered in Monroe, Louisiana, not far from where Glen grew up as a boy. Maintaining the headquarters in north Louisiana is a testament to Glen’s commitment to his home and his State that he loves. By growing CenturyLink locally, Glen has provided incredible opportuni-ties for Monroe and Louisiana. Having such a large company in our backyard recruits talent to our region, yields higher wages, and attracts other com-panies that provide complementary services within the communications in-dustry which, in turn, produces even more jobs. We can build on the success of CenturyLink. Coupled with the innova-tive cyber initiatives at Louisiana Tech and Barksdale Air Force Base in Bossier City, Louisiana’s Interstate 20 corridor can help lead our Nation into the future as we continue to develop cutting-edge technologies. I want to thank Glen for his dedica-tion to our region and his role in help-ing us grow. His career shows how far you can go with hard work, integrity, and commitment, and it is proof that you can achieve great things no matter where you come from. Today, I am proud to acknowledge the change that Glen Post and CenturyLink have brought to north Louisiana, and I wish Glen a very happy and relaxing retirement. It is well-deserved. 
f 
THE TRUMP BUSINESS MODEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, as you know, Members of this House disagree on a whole range of topics, but one rare point of bipartisan agreement concerns the ZTE Corporation. We have all heard complaints about the theft of trade secrets by ZTE and other major Chinese companies. We all know that when American companies are forced into licensing and disclosure agreements with Chinese State-owned enterprises, American technology is as good as stolen. We have all sat through hearings and briefings on the signifi-cant threat that ZTE and its brother, Huawei, pose to our national security. That is why it is concerning that Presi-dent Trump decided to let ZTE off the hook for secretly doing business with Iran and North Korea. Of course, this decision wasn’t the only one affecting international trade that the Trump administration has made in recent weeks. He is imposing tariffs on our allies in Europe, Canada, and Mexico. His Ambassador to Ger-many has disgraced himself in the cap-ital of our biggest European partner. He continues to insult our best trading partners by labeling them as security threats. That is right, Mr. Speaker. Donald Trump is giving aid and comfort to ZTE, a known corporate enemy of America, while at the same time going out of his way to alienate our closest friends and allies around the world. But why? I am sure it is just a fluke that Trump is allowing ZTE to resume its purchases of U.S. technology imme-diately following China’s decision to award Ivanka Trump seven new Chi-nese trademarks. I am positive it is just a coincidence that Trump cut a deal with ZTE right away after various Chinese entities of-fered $1 billion in financing to a resort with ties to the Trump organization. Just a coincidence. There is nothing to see here, says the Trump administration. Don’t ask any questions. Don’t demand any informa-tion. Just look the other way. How did we get here, Mr. Speaker? Where is the Grand Old Party as Don-ald Trump erodes our alliances, makes nice with our enemies, and ignites a global trade war? We need to get to the bottom of whether there was a quid pro quo with China over ZTE, and we need to get to work on tough legislation to prevent China from illicitly acquiring Amer-ican technology, especially technology with important defense applications and capabilities. Bipartisan bills for this purpose with broad support from both parties have already been introduced. The Repub-lican leadership should immediately bring those bipartisan bills to the floor for debate and consideration. That is what the American people expect. They want this body to stand up to Amer-ica’s adversaries and to stand up for America’s laws and values. b1030 They want us to reassert our power as a coequal branch of government. Trump is tearing down America’s al-liances. We must preserve them. Trump is sucking up to dictators and repressive regimes all around the world. We must condemn them. More importantly, Trump and his cronies are using the Presidency to en-rich themselves, and we must stop them. Let’s put an end to the Trump of business model: quid pro quo, pay to play, this for that. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the day when my Republican friends are courageous enough to say out loud what many of them whisper here in these hallways: that coddling Chinese companies like ZTE is reckless, that attacking our allies is dangerous, that using high office for personal gain is flat-out wrong. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
HONORING MARY PELLEGRINO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize today a teacher in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who was recently honored for her service in the nonprofit sector in addition to the classroom. Mary Pellegrino, a special education teacher at Tohickon Middle School and a resident of Warrington, recently re-ceived the Pennsylvania State Edu-cation Association’s Human and Civil Rights Award for her service to our community. With her husband, Greg, she is the cofounder of the BennettStrong Foun-dation, which was named after her son, Bennett, who was born weighing a mere 1 pound 2 ounces in 2013. He was later diagnosed with hepatoblastoma, a form of liver cancer. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the work of the BennettStrong Foundation, whose mission is to provide support to families of children born prematurely and facing complex medical issues. I would like to congratulate Mary Pellegrino on this well-deserved award, and I am proud to report Bennett’s cancer is in remission. Our entire team wish him all the best on the road to re-covery. Lastly, I would like to thank Dolores McCracken, the president of the Penn-sylvania State Education Association for all of her work in recognizing our community’s heroes. HONORING SERGEANT THELMA WILLIAMS  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a Doylestown resi-dent and Army veteran, Sergeant Thel-ma Williams. This past Memorial Day, Thelma made her 25th and final appear-ance in the Doylestown Memorial Day Parade. Thelma answered the call to serve during World War II when she was 24 years old. Initially, she wanted to en-list in the Navy. Later, Thelma joined the Women’s Army Corps and finished her tenure in Japan, where she served under General Douglas MacArthur. It should come as no surprise that Thelma’s spirit remains as lively as ever, even as she approaches her 100th birthday this year. She hopes that chil-dren observing the parade will be in-spired to serve our community as well. Mr. Speaker, Sergeant Thelma Wil-liams has made immense contributions not just to Bucks County, but to our entire Nation. I commend Thelma for her heroism, and I encourage our con-stituents to aspire to her standards of excellence. 
FOOD INSECURITY  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the issue of food insecurity in Bucks Coun-ty, Pennsylvania. As public officials, it is incumbent upon all of us to increase access to food resources for all of our constituents. In our community, I applaud the United Way of Bucks County for their work in combating hunger. Later this month, nearly 600 volun-teers will gather at Delaware Valley University for the sixth annual Bucks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.006 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4855 June 7, 2018 
Knocks Out Hunger event. This year, volunteers plan on packing over 100,000 nonperishable meals for seniors and food pantries throughout Bucks Coun-ty. I would also like to recognize other worthy organizations that are vital partners of Bucks Knocks Out Hunger, including Rolling Harvest Food Rescue, the Bucks County Opportunity Coun-cil, and the newest addition, Fresh Connect Bucks County, which will play a vital role in providing fresh fruits and vegetables to local families. Mr. Speaker, by working together, we can make sure that all of our chil-dren and our families in our commu-nities can have access to the resources they need to succeed. 
f 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION FAMILY SEPARATION POLICY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to denounce and condemn the Trump ad-ministration’s heartless and inhumane policy of separating immigrant chil-dren from their mothers and their par-ents at our borders. Americans across the Nation are horrified by the actions undertaken to separate and punish children seeking safety and refuge here in the United States. This isn’t about politics. This is about basic humanity. This is not who we are as a people. Or I ask the President: Is it? Is this whom we have become? And let’s be honest about what is really happening. This administration is terrorizing children and persecuting families who are fleeing for their lives, families that are not sneaking into the United States but surrendering will-ingly, surrendering and seeking out border agents and asking for asylum, not committing a crime or an offense against the American people, simply asking for asylum, fearing for their lives and for the safety of their chil-dren. Is asking for asylum a criminal act? Since when has asking for asylum be-come a criminal act? It is not just against American val-ues. It is against any principles of com-mon decency. And the White House knows that what it is doing is wrong. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly said, in early May, that taking children away from their families ‘‘ . . . would be a tough deterrent.’’ Let me respond to that. Hurting chil-dren isn’t tough. It is an abomination, and it will create lifelong consequences for those children. It will also leave an indelible mark against us as a people. They fled violence and terror in hopes that America would protect them and give them a fair shot, and I can under-stand why they would think that. After World War II, when tens of mil-lions of people fled their homes, the United States began helping to draft the Refugee Convention that created laws and policies to protect those flee-ing from persecution. The foundation of that convention is not turning peo-ple away at the borders but, instead, giving them a full chance for an asy-lum claim. This started under then- President Roosevelt and came into full force under then-President Harry Tru-man. Now, Donald Trump, Jeff Sessions, and Kirstjen Nielsen are running their policy into the ground. Who do they think they are to do this? Who are they to make children suffer? Who are they to punish children when their parents are simply trying to save their lives? For centuries, America has been a beacon for those fleeing violence and oppression and poverty. The symbol of our Nation that welcomed millions, the Statue of Liberty, has engraved on it Emma Lazarus’ famous poem: Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free. 
No one is more deserving of a chance to breathe free than a child and a fam-ily fleeing from violence. Agents of the U.S. Government should not be ripping 18-month-old ba-bies from the arms of their mothers. Instead, we should help to address the situation that led them to flee from their home in the first place. We should keep families together while their cases are considered for asylum, and we should immediately end this zero-toler-ance policy. So I strongly urge the Trump admin-istration to immediately end this dis-gusting stain on America’s human rights record. I condemn this policy. Put an end to this heinous family sepa-ration policy. Stop taking babies from their mothers. This isn’t America. We are better than this. 
f 
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. K
ELLY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, America is winning again. Earlier this week marked the 500th day of the Trump-Pence administration. Last Friday’s new jobs report by the Department of Labor was a reminder of just how positive these first 500 days of the Trump administration have been for America. This is not just good news; this is great news for all Ameri-cans. A New York Times headline pro-claimed: ‘‘We Ran Out of Words to De-scribe How Good the Jobs Numbers Are.’’ According to CNBC, the headline was: ‘‘There are more jobs than people out of work, something the American economy has never experienced be-fore.’’ The front page of the New York Post was more succinct. It said: ‘‘We’re in the Money.’’ Here are just a few snapshots: The national unemployment rate, down to just 3.8 percent, is now match-ing its lowest rate since 1969; More than 1 million new jobs have been created since President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December; More than 3.4 million new jobs have been created since the President took office, including 322,000 new jobs in manufacturing; More than 6.6 million job openings now exist throughout the United States. This is an all-time high. In that same New York Post edition, let me read to you some stats that I think are just outstanding. Let’s look at unemployment in 2010 versus 2018, look at it by gender and by race. In 2010, 9.6 percent of men were on unemployment; in 2018, 3.5 percent. In 2010, 8.6 percent of women were un-employed; today, 3.3 percent. For Blacks, in 2010, 16.6 percent were unemployed; today, 5.9 percent are un-employed. Hispanics, in 2010, 12.9 percent were unemployed; today, 4.9 percent. For Asian Americans, in 2010, 8.6 per-cent were unemployed; today, 2.1 per-cent. By age, in the 16 to 19 category, in 2010, 26.2 percent were unemployed; today, in 2018, 12.8 percent. In the 20 to 24 range, in 2010, 17.2 per-cent were unemployed; today, 7.1 per-cent. In the 25 to 54 range, 8.9 percent in 2010 were unemployed; today, 3.1 per-cent. And if it is 55 and older that you are looking at, in 2010, 7.4 percent were un-employed; today, 2.8 percent. Wages for American workers have also steadily grown almost 3 percent over the past year, and they continue to climb. Furthermore, according to the IMD World Competitiveness Center’s 2018 ranking, the United States has already overtaken Hong Kong as the number one most competitive economy in the world, ‘‘ . . . thanks to faster economic growth and a supportive atmosphere for scientific and technological innova-tion.’’ According to the International En-ergy Agency, the United States will be the world’s largest oil producer by 2023. None of this good news was inevi-table. None of our country’s economic momentum is accidental. Nothing about this historically strong economy and its benefits for every single Amer-ican are guaranteed to be permanent. All of this great news was made pos-sible by the conservative progrowth policies of this administration and this Congress: from lowering taxes to cut-ting red tape, to expanding energy pro-duction. As we embark on the next 500 days of this Presidency, the facts cannot be de-nied both at home and abroad: America is winning again. Mr. Speaker, I think that sometimes when you sit and listen to the talk on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.008 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4856 June 7, 2018 
this floor, you would think that we are not all from a different universe; we are from different galaxies. b1045 One side paints America as all gloom and doom and how horrible it is. The other side talks about opportunity, talks about job growth, talks about economic growth, and talks about how America is winning again. I would ask my fellow Americans to remember this is the people’s floor. It does not belong to Republicans, and it does not belong to Democrats. It be-longs to the American people. We are winning again as a country, as both Re-publicans, Democrats, and independ-ents. We are winning, and we will con-tinue to win. As I said earlier, nothing about this has been accidental, nothing about this has been casual, and none of this has happened by chance. It is pro-growth policy that continues to make sure that America wins again for every sin-gle American. 
f 
PEACEFUL PROTEST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again, I am proud to rise and stand in the well of the House of Rep-resentatives. Mr. Speaker, I salute the flag, I sing the national anthem, and I believe in what the flag stands for: liberty and justice for all. But, Mr. Speaker, I find now that the flag is being used as a tool to suppress what it stands for: lib-erty and justice for all. Mr. Speaker, peaceful protest is how I arrived in the Congress of the United States of America. If not but for peace-ful protest, I probably, most likely, and believe in the sincerest corners of my heart that I would not be in the Con-gress of the United States of America. Peaceful protest has brought about positive change in this country, but peaceful protest is now under assault from the highest office in the land: the Office of the President. Peaceful protest is under attack, and I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to defend peaceful protest. I rise especially to de-fend it as it relates to the flag because the flag stands for liberty and justice for all. Peaceful protest is about lib-erty and justice for all. So, Mr. Speaker, I would like to share a very shocking piece of informa-tion, perhaps not shocking to some, but it should shock our consciences. This piece of information was compiled by The Guardian and reported by Vox. The information is as follows: racial minorities make up 37.4 percent of the general population—some things bear repeating: 34.7 percent of the general population—and 62.7 percent of the un-armed people killed by police; 37.4 per-cent of the population, 62.7 percent of the people who are unarmed and killed by the police. Why wouldn’t we protest this? Why wouldn’t somebody decide that this is unacceptable and I will peacefully pro-test it? Why wouldn’t someone take a knee at a football game to protest this? Why would the President of the United States find reason to link that peaceful protest to disrespect for the flag when the flag stands for liberty and justice for all? That has to include these people who have been killed by the police. By the way, it doesn’t matter how great the economy is; their lives will not be brought back. It doesn’t matter how many jobs people have; those lives will never return. So being comfortable and being able to say ‘‘I have a great job’’ won’t bring back people who have lost their lives. Mr. Speaker, this is a sad com-mentary when the President of the United States brings peaceful protest into dispute as it relates to the flag. I believe that we have a duty and an obligation to protest wrong when we see it. It is as old as the Pilgrims land-ing at Plymouth Rock, it is as old as the Boston Tea Party, and it is as old as the farmers coming to Washington, D.C., in their tractors to protest. Peaceful protest is at the foundation of this Nation. And for us to allow the President to assault and attack peace-ful protest by and through the flag, which stands for liberty and justice for all, is an insult to the country. So here is what I propose to do by way of standing against what the President seems to stand for. He has brought Mr. Kaepernick into disrepute; that is what the President would do. I plan to salute him. I will have a flag flown over the Capitol of the United States of America to salute him for his courage, for his willingness to suffer the slings and arrows that have been thrown at him by the highest office in the land to protect liberty and justice for all, which is what the flag stands for. 
f 
SOUTH CAROLINA FREE MEDICAL CLINICS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to tell this body about a tremen-dous success story with healthcare in my district: the story of our free med-ical clinics and their membership in and longtime association with the South Carolina Free Clinic Associa-tion. Founded in 2001 under the umbrella of the South Carolina Hospital Associa-tion, the South Carolina Free Clinic Association is an independent, non-profit membership organization that provides training, research, resource development, and advocacy to member free clinics. Additionally, the South Carolina Free Clinic Association was incor-porated as an independent 501(c)(3) non-profit organization in January of 2008. The South Carolina Free Clinic Asso-ciation represents and supports our State’s network of 40 free clinics in 25 counties across South Carolina. The member free clinics provide com-prehensive care to economically dis-advantaged individuals all across our great State, including those individ-uals who are both uninsured and/or underinsured. The South Carolina Free Clinic Asso-ciation is the only statewide organiza-tion that supports and advocates for South Carolina’s free clinic network and for the various and truly diverse populations they serve. South Carolina Free Clinic Associa-tion is improving the quality and ac-cess of healthcare to South Carolina’s medically underserved individuals and communities. The South Carolina Free Clinic Association does this by assist-ing their members to be valued and en-gaged partners in their communities’ systems of care. Through financial support from foun-dations, fundraisers, and individual do-nations and through the efficient use of donated supplies and volunteer pro-vider services, South Carolina’s free clinics were responsible for the fol-lowing activities and achievements in 2017: $108,839,801 total value of services provided; 363,369 prescriptions which were filled; 40,062 patients were treat-ed; 4,442 volunteers; and 40 member clinics in 65 sites across South Caro-lina. Mr. Speaker, free clinics are truly vital, safety net healthcare organiza-tions that utilize a volunteer and staff model to provide a range of healthcare services, which may include medical, dental, pharmacy, vision, and/or behav-ioral health services to economically disadvantaged individuals. Such clinics are 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organizations or operate as a program component or affiliate of a 501(c)(3) or-ganization. Entities that otherwise meet the above definition but charge a nominal or sliding fee to patients may still be considered free clinics provided essential services are delivered regard-less of the patient’s ability to pay. Free clinics limit eligibility for their services to individuals who are unin-sured, underinsured, and/or have lim-ited access or no access to primary, specialty, or prescription healthcare. Every free clinic is unique. Each clin-ic has its own qualification guidelines. But they all serve low-income and no- income patients without health insur-ance who do not qualify for govern-ment assistance. In addition to general medical and prescription services, free clinics may offer such services as oral health, spe-cialty services and referrals, lab test-ing, diagnostic procedures, and health education and prevention, as well as prescription medications. Free clinics are independent, commu-nity-based, nonprofit organizations that rely on grants and donations from their communities for support. Clinics have a varied base of community sup-port, which includes but is not limited 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.010 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4857 June 7, 2018 
to individuals, businesses, churches, foundations, and government. I would like to recognize and applaud the efforts of the South Carolina Free Clinic Association and its executive di-rector, Virginia Ann Mullikin, for their support of more than 40,000 South Caro-lina families. 
f 
SENATOR M CCAIN IS OWED AN APOLOGY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LEAVER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I am only able to raise my right arm to maybe 50 percent, sometimes not that much, but that is due to shoulder sepa-rations from playing football. J
OHN M
CCAINcannot raise his arms because he was tortured in Vietnam. I believe that it is just about sinful for Mr. M
CCAIN, in his days of very se-rious illness, to have anyone in this country, particularly anyone in a posi-tion of significance, say things about him that cannot in any way bless him or encourage him but, in fact, de-nounce him through baseless attacks. Mr. Speaker, when I was elected, I promised my four children that I would never come to the well of this House and attack a human being or call them names. Unfortunately, things have changed in this country to the point now where that is a part of our daily way of doing the business of the great-est Nation God has ever allowed to exist. There is something wrong, Mr. Speaker, when the elected leaders of our country refuse to apologize. There is not a single parent watching the go-ings-on in this Chamber who would tell their children: No matter what you do, no matter how awful you hurt another human being, you had better not apolo-gize. We are setting examples for children and unborn children by what we do in this Chamber. How in the world can a person sleep at night who can hurt an-other individual and not apologize? I guess there are some things I will never apologize for. I will never apolo-gize for never coming to the floor to at-tack a colleague. I will never apologize for respecting a person with whom I may disagree. I will never apologize for displaying disrespect for a member of the other party though their policies are separate and distinct from mine. I will never apologize for trying to get my point across without stabbing someone with it. I will never apologize for being sensitive to the pain and hurts of others. I will never apologize for being an apologist when I wrong someone. Silence is consent. And when I see this going on around this Chamber and I see it going on in other places in our government, I know that there are mil-lions of people who believe that that is okay, that if it is done by someone in my party, it is okay. I have said to my family, I have said to our church, and I have said to my colleagues here: If the leaders of the Democratic Party, NANCY PELOSI or S
TENY HOYER , stand up and attack someone, particularly someone who is ill, I would come to the floor and con-demn them. Right and wrong is not based on party; it is based on right and wrong. b1100 We are becoming a mean-spirited na-tion. No one watching this will tell their children: I want you to watch what is going on in Washington and use what you see as an example of how to live. Mr. Speaker, Washington is dark right now. The people around this country who believe in light should let it shine. 
f 
HONORING ATF AGENT SCOTT RAGSDALE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate and celebrate the life of ATF Senior Special Agent Scott Ragsdale from Fate, Texas, who tragically passed away on May 24, 2018, at just 41 years of age during an ATF training exercise. Agent Ragsdale is survived by his wife, Erin, and his two children, Aidan and Riley; his mother and father, Patti and Roy Ragsdale; his sister, Kelly Novikoff, her husband, Lee, and their two children; and many aunts, uncles, and cousins who loved him dearly and will miss him. Those who knew Agent Ragsdale best say that he will most be remembered for his incredible sense of humor and, of course, for his 17 years of dedicated service to his fellow man. He will be greatly missed in our northeast Texas community for his brave and selfless service as a member of our law enforcement. On behalf of the three-quarters of a million Texans whom I represent across the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Texas, I offer my most sincere condolences to his family and loved ones. I wish you Godspeed, Special Agent Scott Ragsdale. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 2 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. PRAYER Pastor Eddie Bevill, Parkridge Church, Coral Springs, Florida, offered the following prayer: Heavenly Father, we come to You now in humility, acknowledging Your omniscience, omnipotence, and omni-presence. Please hear our prayer for this great Nation. The men and women in this room have been given, by some estimates, an impossible task, but nothing is impossible with You. I pray for their health, their families, their staffs, and their wisdom. Please give them Your grace and direction in all areas, so that they may be able to lead for the good of all people. Your word in Micah 6:8 is a great reminder: ‘‘He has told you, O man, what is good; and what does the Lord require of you but to do justice, and to love kind-ness, and to walk humbly with your God?’’ May this scripture be the marching orders for those who serve in this im-portant position. May their decisions promote unity and harmony in the U.S. and the world. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. PINGREE led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING PASTOR EDDIE BEVILL The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to welcome my constituent, Pas-tor Eddie Bevill, to offer the opening prayer today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.012 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4858 June 7, 2018 
Eddie is the founding pastor of Parkridge Church in Coral Springs, Florida, where he has served since 1992. Pastor Bevill’s leadership and service has been recognized with tenures on the Florida Baptist State Board of Mis-sions as well as the Gulf Stream Bap-tist Association Board in Broward County, Florida. He is a pillar of our community. I am honored to welcome him to Washington today. After the shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School, our community was gripped by unspeakable pain, con-fusion, frustration, and anger. In the moments, days, and months since, Pas-tor Bevill has offered a voice of peace, arms of comfort, and a guiding hand to surviving families, students, teachers, and others in our community. At a time when it was so easy to be lost in despair, our community has been so fortunate to have Pastor Bevill lead us toward a place of hope and sol-ace. Pastor Bevill is joined here today by his wife Laura. They have been married since 1988 and have four children. I know that my wife Jill joins me in welcoming Laura today in support of Eddie as he offers today’s opening prayer. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING IRIS NIGG LUNDIN (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Iris Nigg Lundin, First Lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps, who served in World War II. Iris enlisted in the Marine Corps in 1943. She had earned her teaching de-gree and was only 2 years out of college working at a summer job when she heard the call to serve her country. She heard it through slogans like, ‘‘Uncle Sam Needs You,’’ and ‘‘Free a Man to Fight.’’ With the U.S. Marine Corps Women’s Reserve newly author-ized, Iris walked into a recruiting sta-tion and signed up to serve. She completed boot camp at Marine Base Camp Lejeune in North Carolina, and was selected to go through Officer Candidate School. After graduating, she was commissioned to 2nd Lieuten-ant, and she and three other women were sent to Florida to attend naviga-tion school. While there, Iris was one of the first four women to earn aerial navigator wings. She was trained to teach aerial navigation, meteorology, and radio technique to the men who flew combat missions. Iris served in the Marines until she was discharged in 1945. This weekend, she will celebrate her 100th birthday. I am beyond proud to honor her today. She is a trailblazer for women in the Armed Forces, and I am honored to commend her for her service. Iris, thank you, and happy birthday. f 
WE NEED TO STAND WITH OUR ALLIES AND FRIENDS (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, the administration’s reckless use of tariffs are inflicting harm in all of our communities, including mine in western New York, and the harm is real and immediate. Welded Tube, a Canadian company with a factory in Lackawanna, New York, in my district, reports the cost of moving goods between the United States and southern Ontario has in-creased from $0 last week to $214,000 this week. The company is reporting they may be forced to close without tariff relief. From small firms like Niagara Trans-former to auto manufacturers like Ford and GM, the harm is real and widespread. The United States and Canada are the world’s largest trading partners. Canada has been a reliable ally in fighting terror and has been a good friend to the United States. We need to stand with our allies and friends, not abandon them. China’s trade actions threaten our national security. Canada does not. 
f 
PROMOTING PREPAREDNESS AND RESILIENCY FOR THE 2018 HUR-RICANE SEASON (Mr. DONOVAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the official start of the 2018 hurricane season and to pro-mote American resiliency. The 2017 hurricane season brought with it 17 named storms, of which six were major hurricanes. These storms caused widespread destruction and dev-astation, and no individual or family should have to ever endure that again. As a resident of Staten Island, where the impact of Superstorm Sandy can still be felt, my district in New York City has also seen this kind of wide-spread destruction. Importantly, the Army Corps of En-gineers is constructing a major seawall to protect my constituents from future storms. With the 2018 hurricane season now underway, we must ensure that we are as prepared as possible to protect our-selves, our loved ones, our homes, and our communities. This means double-checking insur-ance policies; signing up for local alerts and warnings, as well as apps, like Notify NYC; and putting together emergency kits. For the 2018 season, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion is forecasting a 70 percent likeli-hood of 10 to 16 named storms, of which one to four could become major hurri-canes. While we cannot control where these hurricanes will make landfall, we can control our resiliency. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I hope that all Members will join me in promoting the importance of preparedness. f 
MEDICARE SOLVENCY (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of America’s 50 million seniors who rely on Medi-care. Medicare ensures Americans aged 65 and older have guaranteed health cov-erage, protecting countless families from bankruptcy, ensuring our seniors can enjoy retirement and pass on life’s lessons to their grandchildren and great-grandchildren. The Medicare Board of Trustees an-nounced on Tuesday the program’s trust fund will be exhausted by 2026, 3 years earlier than last year’s an-nouncement. Eight years ago, Congress and the Obama administration worked together to extend Medicare solvency by 12 years when we passed the Affordable Care Act. Medicare’s solvency is now threat-ened by policy passed by the current Republican majority and enacted by President Trump. 2026 is 8 years away. We should be ex-tending the life of Medicare, not threatening it. Mr. Speaker, this is not acceptable. America’s seniors deserve better. Con-gress should take action and protect the Medicare guarantee for today’s and tomorrow’s seniors. 
f 
TAX CUTS CREATE JOBS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last month, I visited Dempsey Wood Products in Orangeburg, South Carolina, to get a firsthand look at the positive impacts of the tax cuts cre-ating jobs. Owner Parker Dempsey explained that they were able to expand their business due to the tax cuts. Dempsey Wood Products will be able to launch a $15 million project, creating jobs. Mr. Dempsey explained that: ‘‘. . . we will have new equipment and the best technology. The plan is to get it up and going and start a second shift, and probably add another 40 jobs.’’ Since President Donald Trump took office, the economy has created nearly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.015 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4859 June 7, 2018 
3 million jobs. The numbers of em-ployed persons are the highest ever in the United States. The unemployment rate has fallen to 3.8 percent, matching the lowest level in 50 years. African American and Hispanic unemployment rates have reached record lows, and the unemployment rate for women has fall-en to the lowest level since 1953. The National Federation of Inde-pendent Business, NFIB, small business optimism index is at one of the highest levels in 45 years. I appreciate the lead-ership of NFIB Director Ben Homeyer. In conclusion, God bless our troops and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
WASTEWATER INFRASTRUCTURE AND WRDA (Ms. SEWELL of Alabama asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to discuss a crisis fac-ing rural America: the deterioration of water and wastewater infrastructure in our rural communities. As the House considers passage of the Water Resources Development Act, WRDA, millions of Americans in my district and across the country are fac-ing a health and infrastructure emer-gency due to failing wastewater sys-tems. In Alabama’s rural Black Belt, I have toured communities where a home’s only sewage system is a straight pipe that carries untreated waste directly into their yards and property. Alabama is not alone in this issue. Reports by the EPA document that the same lack of wastewater infrastructure is all across rural America where rural and remote areas are not connected to a city or county water and sewer line. Mr. Speaker, I introduced the bipar-tisan Rural Septic Tank Access Act with my Alabama Republican col-league, Congressman M
IKE ROGERS , which takes a first step towards pro-viding rural Americans with the re-sources they need to maintain stable, safe, and efficient water systems. As the House continues to debate in-frastructure investment, I urge this body to address the wastewater crisis facing our rural communities. 
f 
NATIONAL DEBT IS A SECURITY THREAT (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, last Sep-tember, America’s national debt topped $20 trillion for the first time in history. Almost 3 months ago, the debt ex-ceeded $21 trillion, and we have an an-nual structural deficit in the hundreds of billions of dollars. Mr. Speaker, the United States faces no greater menace than our inability to eliminate our debt and balance our budget. Our grandchildren will pay the price for our dereliction of duty and our seniors will soon see Social Secu-rity and Medicare funds depleted. This internal, bipartisan recklessness endangers all Americans. It is past time for us to become seri-ous about balancing our budget and making significant cuts to Federal spending. If we do not change our course, we will one day see the crash of the American economy and the demise of a super power. Mr. Speaker, let’s change our course before our debt reaches $22 trillion. The time for conversation is over. The time to act is now. f 
H.R. 8 WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT AND MAINE (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, yester-day the House passed H.R. 8, the Water Resources Development Act, which I proudly voted for. I want to lend my voice in support of this bill and its importance to the State of Maine, which has critical ports and harbors up and down our coastline. In particular, I want to call attention to a previously authorized WRDA pro-gram in Saco, Maine, known as Camp Ellis. This project is considered remedi-ation from a jetty that was built in the late 1800s by the Army Corps of Engi-neers. The jetty has caused erosion and re-ceding coastline that year by year and storm by storm has already washed out the ground from nearly 40 homes in the past 50 years. The Army Corps and local commu-nity have been working for years on getting this project off the ground, and we are finally seeing some progress. In the past year, there has been new energy around this, and I want to com-mend all the parties for their persist-ence and determination in getting this done. A new WRDA can provide critical support for the storm-ravaged resi-dents of Camp Ellis and help them re-build. As H.R. 8 and the other legislation moves from the House to the other body, I will continue to work with our chair, ranking member, and colleagues from Maine and the other body to get this accomplished. 
f 
b1215 PASS FOREST MANAGEMENT REFORMS (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today urging the Senate to take up the forest reforms that this Chamber passed more than 7 months ago. Last year, wildfires burned more than 1.2 million acres in Montana, an area the size of the State of Delaware. I met with the firefighters on the ground and saw the devastation. I heard from families anxious about the dangerous air quality impacting their kids. I listened to the hardworking Montanans worried that their liveli-hoods would go up in flames. Montana survived last year’s dev-astating fire season. Our communities pulled together, helping neighbor to neighbor, just as Montanans do. The bad news is that forecasters project another severe fire season this year. We need to start managing our forests again. While there has been some progress, more work remains to improve the health of our forests and reduce the severity of wildfires. I call on the Senate to end the ob-struction and pass forest management reforms. Montanans need them to act. f 
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S POLICY OF CRUELTY (Mr. WELCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration has enacted a policy of stunning cruelty: cruel in its impact on innocent young children, cruel in its impact on terrified mothers seeking safety from violence and rape. The cruel policy: the aggressive and forceful practice of separating a child from her mother when that mother presents herself at our southern border for the sole purpose of seeking safety. The cruel policy, Mr. Speaker, is the Trump administration’s decision—will-ful, voluntary, calculated decision—to make it a crime for a mother to do what mothers do everywhere and al-ways: protect their children. Whatever challenges we face at the southern border, none will be solved by ripping families apart, sending a child to one place—strange, unknown, unfa-miliar—and the parents to another, neither knowing when, if ever, they will be reunited. This policy is not only cruel, it is un-necessary and ineffective. Mr. Speaker, the President must end this un-Amer-ican cruelty now and forever. 
f 
CELEBRATING 50 YEARS OF SUCCESS FOR JAYCO RV (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate local RV manu-facturer, Jayco, and to join them in celebrating 50 years of success. In 1968, Lloyd and Bertha Bontrager developed their first RV prototype on their family farm in northern Indiana and launched a family business that would last for generations. Half a cen-tury later, Jayco has grown to include 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.017 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4860 June 7, 2018 
over 500 acres of manufacturing plants, more than 300 dealers around the world, and countless good jobs for hardworking Hoosiers in our commu-nity. Northern Indiana leads the RV indus-try in the United States and, as a com-munity, we are grateful to have this company to inspire future generations of manufacturers and to carry on that legacy. It is an honor to represent Jayco, the Bontrager family, and the hardworking employees who have played such a vital role in northern Indiana’s grow-ing economy for decades. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Second Dis-trict Hoosiers, I want to thank every-one at Jayco for an incredible 50 years, and I look forward to more amazing things to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAUL HAMRICK, MONTEREY COUNTY’S 2018 SPELLING BEE CHAMPION (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Paul Hamrick, Mon-terey County’s 2018 Spelling Bee cham-pion and two-time Scripps National Spelling Bee contestant. Last year, Paul finished in 35th place, but this year, and just last week, out of over 500 spellers from all 50 States, Paul finished the Bee tied for seventh, the best finish ever for a Mon-terey County student. Now, in a lot of ways, Paul is a nor-mal 14-year-old from the central coast of California. He loves Weird Al Yankovic, the movie ‘‘Black Panther,’’ and he even likes to bowl. But Paul is the only Monterey County student to ever make the evening finals at the Na-tional Spelling Bee. Paul’s proud father, Tom, said that Paul studied over 50,000 words this year. That number is incredibly im-pressive because, according to a 2016 study, the typical English-speaking 20- year-old American only knows 42,000 words. During last Thursday’s Scripps Na-tional Spelling Bee, Paul confidently spelled words that most people couldn’t even pronounce, like ‘‘soubresaut’’ and ‘‘binnacle’’ and ‘‘rubricate,’’ an impres-sive run and finish for a very intel-ligent young man. Congratulations, Paul. You should be proud of your hard work because, from the central coast of California to right here in the U.S. Congress, we are proud of you. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE 2018 NAIA NATIONAL CHAMPION SOUTH-EASTERN UNIVERSITY MEN’S BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. ROSS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, South-eastern University is a Christian lib-eral arts college located in my home-town of Lakeland, Florida. The univer-sity is known for its commitment to providing students with a Spirit-em-powered, Christ-centered education through integration of faith, learning, and service. Today, I rise to recognize a recent proud accomplishment for South-eastern University. Last Thursday, May 31, 2018, the Southeastern Univer-sity Fire men’s baseball team defeated Freed-Hardeman University to win the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics World Series. On their road to victory, the team also defeated four former national champions and had three of their play-ers selected to join the 2018 All-Amer-ican team: Johnathan Bermudez, Dan Valerio, and Jordan Scott. The national championship is the first NAIA title by a Fire team since joining the association in the fall of 2009. I am both proud and inspired by this young team and their head coach, Adrian Dinkel, for the determination, commitment, and teamwork they have demonstrated on their road to victory. Southeastern University is a tremen-dous educational institution, led by Dr. Kent Ingle, and this win is a terrific achievement not only for the school, but also for our local community. Go Fire. f 
RECOGNIZING DENNIS WILLIAMS FOR 40 YEARS OF SERVICE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to recognize Dennis Williams as he retires from United Auto Workers after more than 40 years of service to the union and to our country. I have known Dennis for many, many years. Throughout his career, he has led the fight to protect the right to col-lective bargaining and to ensure that all workers, not just those in the union, have fair pay and safe working conditions. Like the UAW itself, Dennis has al-ways been committed to securing eco-nomic and social justice for workers. His experience has carried him through the diverse sectors of the UAW, giving him expertise across the spectrum. He started at UAW Local 806 as a sal-vage welder, served in many posi-tions—bargaining chairman, inter-national representative, region 4 direc-tor—before becoming international president in 2016. Dennis Williams’ service and success at the bargaining table led to a better quality of life for the UAW’s more than 400,000 workers and 580,000 retirees, many of whom I am proud to represent in my home district. I am grateful to work with leaders like Dennis who have changed our com-munities for the better, and we will miss Dennis Williams’ voice and his leadership in the union, but we know it won’t be lost to the country as he be-gins this next chapter in his life. Congratulations, Dennis, on work well done. f 
RECOGNIZING PARTICIPANTS IN THE 2018 INTEL INTERNATIONAL SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING FAIR (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I am excited to have this opportunity to recognize and congratulate three exceptional stu-dents in my district who placed in the top five for their project categories at the 2018 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. This competi-tion is the largest precollegiate science fair in the world and is comprised of students from more than 75 countries who come together to compete and share their research with others in their STEM community. Himanshi Verma, from Eastside High School, received the fourth place award in the biomedical and health sciences category; Gianfranco Cortes-Arroyo, from West Port High School, received the third place award in the mathe-matics category; and Evan Collins, one of my former district interns and a stu-dent at Ridgeview High, received the third place award in earth and environ-mental sciences category. STEM education is vital to the ad-vancement of American society, and I am proud to represent students who will lead their generation in innovation and expertise. Congratulations again to Himanshi, Gianfranco, and Evan, and I wish you all the best in your future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF RAPHAEL ALLEN (Mr. D
ESAULNIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of Raphael Allen. I join his family and friends to celebrate his life and his service to the Richmond, Cali-fornia, community. Raphael Allen was born and raised in the Bay Area, where he attended Stan-ford University. He went on to serve as an editor for Duke University Press and covered a variety of topics relating to the World War II Home Front Na-tional Historical Park and Rosie the Riveter Park in Richmond, California. In 2007, he began volunteering with the National Park Service at Rosie the Riveter, editing exhibits, conducting research, and developing interactive youth programs. He was also a ranger at the Port Chicago Naval Magazine National Memorial, where he assisted with outreach programs at local schools and gave tours of the site, in-cluding for myself and our staff. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.019 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4861 June 7, 2018 
Later in his career, Raphael was hired permanently at Rosie the Riveter as a park guide, where he was instru-mental in opening the new visitor cen-ter. He also supported the development of exhibit content and Rosie the Riv-eter informational films. He went on to develop a wide variety of programs, which he often presented in the visitor center, highlighting many untold aver-age American stories that existed about the park and the service. Raphael will be remembered for his service and the mark he left on our community and our country for ensur-ing its history was passed on to others. He will be sincerely missed. 
f 
CELEBRATING PASSAGE OF THE VA MISSION ACT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the President signed into law the VA MISSION Act, which takes a number of steps toward giving our veterans the care they de-serve. My bill, the VETS Act, was in-cluded in this larger package. It will allow VA-employed doctors to practice telemedicine across State lines. The VA already has an extremely successful telemedicine program, boasting an 88 percent satisfaction rat-ing, but outdated regulations re-stricted this program from growing to achieve its full potential. The VETS Act will now allow VA doctors to utilize telemedicine to see patients in any State and any location, including in the comfort of their own home. This is especially helpful for vet-erans who are battling post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain in-jury who have had a hard time trav-eling to a VA facility or live in rural areas. Mr. Speaker, our veterans deserve the best care available to them, and the VETS Act is one of the provisions of the VA MISSION Act that will ad-vance this care. I commend the President for signing this bill into law. Telemedicine is bet-ter access, better care, and true healthcare reform. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF PAULINE GASCA VALENCIANO (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the incredible life and legacy of Pauline Valenciano. Pauline was raised in Fort Worth and was able to observe the diversity and vast culture and traditions that are embraced in our community. I knew Pauline when I first got start-ed in politics in the late 1990s, working at Town Center Mall, which is now La Gran Plaza. But Pauline was one of the very first people that I met, and I am just very saddened to hear about her loss. From an early age, Pauline looked up to leaders in the community who gave voice to injustices and fought for equal representation. From observing local Tarrant County School Board races to statewide campaigns, Pauline knew her calling was activism, and she became a fierce leader for the Latino community and for women. When Pauline got told to dial it down, that meant, for Pauline, that she needed to dial it up. She won the re-spect of minority groups across Texas as she fought for civil rights and gen-der equality. As a precinct chair and election judge, she became an icon in the Latino community for giving voice to those who felt silenced. She also canvassed for John Kennedy and marched alongside Cesar Chavez. Inspired by leaders who were great ora-tors, she spoke about raising the level of discourse in the country. And natu-rally, in 2016, when the first female candidate for President was on the bal-lot, she teamed up with local groups to get out the vote. The city of Fort Worth grieves her loss. The last time I saw her was at a Cinco de Mayo event, and she came up and gave me a big hug. That is the type of person she was in the community, just so inspiring, so encouraging, and a good person. We are going to miss her very much. Her work and legacy will live in Fort Worth for decades and years and years to come. Everyone is thinking about you, my friend, Pauline. I know that you are looking down, and a lot of people are sad about your loss, but know that you helped make Fort Worth a better place to live for all of us. f 
b1230 RECOGNIZING MAGGIE SCARLETT (Ms. CHENEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Maggie Scarlett of Wilson, Wyoming, who has been awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Wyoming. This is the highest award the univer-sity confers. Maggie’s tireless work on behalf of our great State warrants this well-deserved honor. Maggie was awarded this honorary doctorate of humane letters for her lifetime of work creating and expand-ing museum and library collections. Throughout her life, Maggie has given so much back to our great State and our citizens, and she has demonstrated a lifelong commitment to the impor-tance of museums and libraries in pre-serving our heritage and our history. She served as a public school teacher in communities across Wyoming and brought educational opportunities, in-cluding in the field of speech language pathology, to rural Wyoming. Maggie was 1 of 10 founding trustees of the National Museum of Wildlife Art in Jackson, Wyoming, and she was in-strumental in securing its recognition as the National Museum of Wildlife Art of the United States. She also serves on the board of the Buffalo Bill Center of the West in her hometown of Cody, Wyoming, and she earned an appointment by President George W. Bush to serve on the board of the Institute of Museum and Library Services. Mr. Speaker, Maggie Scarlett is a true inspiration and has set an example for her children, her seven grand-children, her friends, and people all across our State and Nation. I am ex-tremely grateful for her contributions, and I am blessed to call her my friend. Maggie and her family deserve to be extremely proud of her work and of this honor. f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY (Mr. SUOZZI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy, located in Kings Point in my congressional dis-trict, for 75 years of dedicated service to our country. ‘‘Acta non verba,’’ the school’s motto, means ‘‘deeds, not words,’’ something we all need to strive for. The midshipmen and graduates of the Academy have exemplified the school’s motto by faithfully serving the United States in times of war and peace, and for that we are all eternally grateful. Since its founding in 1943, the United States Merchant Marine Academy has developed a rich history of military and maritime service. It is the only service academy whose students engage in combat during times of war. In fact, 142 of its students gave their lives on behalf of our country during World War II. In 1974, the United States Merchant Marine Academy became the first serv-ice academy to admit women. After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, staff and midshipmen evacuated civilians from lower Manhattan and transported first responders and supplies to Ground Zero. Midshipmen are the backbone of our Nation’s maritime industry, and they serve as members of the Armed Serv-ices as well. As a member of the Board of Visitors, I am proud of the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy, their rich his-tory, and the sacrifices its students and graduates have made for our great Nation. 
f 
RELEASE FUNDS TO THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.021 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4862 June 7, 2018 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, last year’s natural disasters in the U.S. Vir-gin Islands have left thousands of prop-erties damaged and destroyed. The vast majority of those homes, businesses, and critical infrastructure have yet to be repaired. It is imperative that any funds au-thorized and intended to be allocated for the Virgin Islands be released to the territory immediately. While the Federal funding does not include the full amount or all of the re-quests of the Virgin Islands, it will help substantially in the rebuilding ef-forts to create better housing opportu-nities, to help build a resilient utility system, burying lines, creating microgrids, and implementing renew-ables in our energy portfolio. Due to the tenuous position of the U.S. territories, the U.S. Virgin Islands has been unable to pay contractors up front for critical repairs. We don’t have the millions to pay up front and seek reimbursement from the government. Treasury and its Secretary has been unwilling to lend us or loan us, under reasonable terms, the money that Con-gress allocated for us to be loaned. I am requesting that the Federal Emergency Management Agency expe-dite the release of the funds to the Sheltering and Temporary Essential Power pilot program immediately so that project contractors and sub-contractors may be paid as soon as pos-sible and recovery efforts continue. Mr. Speaker, when contractors lay off workers, our economy falters. And as hurricane season is beginning, this needs to be done now. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
ONOVAN ) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 7, 2018, at 9:04 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 1692. That the Senate passed S. 2857. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 88. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 1397. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 1719. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 1900. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3, SPENDING CUTS TO EXPIRED AND UNNECESSARY PROGRAMS ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 923 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 923 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. The further amendment printed in part A of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. No further amendment to the bill, as amend-ed, shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules and available pro forma amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 918. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be of-fered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 918, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such fur-ther amendments are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3) to rescind certain budget author-ity proposed to be rescinded in special mes-sages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act 1974. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader or their respective des-ignees; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 3. The provisions of section 1017 of the Impoundment Control Act of 1974 shall not apply to a bill or joint resolution introduced with respect to the special message trans-mitted under section 1012 of that Act on May 8, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. House Resolution 923 provides for the consideration of two important bills re-lated to Federal spending of taxpayer dollars. The first, H.R. 5895, the combined ap-propriations bill, containing three indi-vidual fiscal year 2019 Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs bills, provides the annual funding for these Federal departments. The second bill, H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Pro-grams Act, is a critical bill to honor the House Republicans’ commitment to eliminating wasteful Federal spending. The resolution before us this after-noon provides for a structured rule for H.R. 5895. Yesterday, the House passed the first rule pertaining to this bill, providing for 1 hour of general debate on the measure. Today’s rule makes in order 40 amendments offered by both Democrats and Republicans. House Resolution 923 also provides a closed rule for H.R. 3, the rescissions package, but does execute Leader M
CCARTHY ’s amendment which incor-porates President Trump’s revised and updated spending proposal. One hour of debate time for H.R. 3 is provided, divided and controlled equal-ly by the majority leader and the mi-nority leader or their respective des-ignees. Finally, the rule provides the minor-ity the customary motion to recommit on both pieces of legislation under con-sideration. H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Leg-islative Branch, and Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs Appropria-tions Act of 2019, funds a net total of $144 billion in base discretionary spend-ing, $33 billion for defense, and $112 bil-lion for nondefense purposes. The to-tals reflect the amount specified in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. Division A of the appropriations package funds the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act at nearly $45 billion, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.023 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4863 June 7, 2018 
providing for national security and en-ergy and water infrastructure invest-ments. The bill would increase Federal in-vestments in nuclear security by $600 million above fiscal year 2018, then to-taling more than $15 billion. As President Trump has repeatedly stated, our Nation must modernize its aging nuclear forces. They are the cen-terpiece of our deterrent strategy, and we cannot allow them to degrade to a point where they become functionally useless. To prevent this outcome, nuclear weapons activities, especially Navy nu-clear reactors, all continue to receive funding. Congress must not leave the United States unprepared while our ad-versaries continue to advance their own nuclear weapons programs. Division A also improves the security of our energy infrastructure. Most Americans take for granted the ability to easily access electricity, but that convenience is tenuous. The electric grid is massive, it is complex, and it is vulnerable to cyber and physical at-tacks. These threats have become in-creasingly likely as more operations go online or are connected to a network which is not secure. This bill appropriates $117 million to ensure that our energy infrastructure operators have the resources they need to develop these defenses. b1245 Additionally, the bill supports the completion of the Yucca Mountain nu-clear waste repository, helping to ease the risk and burden of storing nuclear waste in temporary storage sites across the country. In 2007, the Energy Independence and Security Act gave the Department of Energy authority to regulate incandes-cent light bulbs through the law’s ex-cessive energy efficiency standards, ef-fectively killing free market competi-tion. Therefore, I submitted an amend-ment that would prohibit the use of Federal funds to carry out these oner-ous enforcement standards. This amendment has been included in the Energy and Water Development appro-priations bill every fiscal year since 2011, and I look forward to continued consumer choice in this market. Division A includes the United States Army Corps of Engineers. In Texas’ 26th Congressional District that I rep-resent, the Army Corps has been in-strumental in ensuring the thorough maintenance, repair, and safety of Lake Lewisville Dam, which sustained damage due to heavy rains in the north Texas area in 2015. This is just one example of the im-portant work the Army Corps performs throughout the United States, and the bill increases funding of the agency to more than $7 billion for fiscal year 2019. The bill also repeals the massive overreach of Federal authority known as the waters of the United States rule, promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency and the United States Army Corps of Engineers. This rule changed the definition of navi-gable waters subject to Federal regula-tion under the Clean Water Act, plac-ing significant costs on property own-ers. Last, the bill prohibits the use of nu-clear nonproliferation projects in Rus-sia without certain notifications from the Secretary of Energy. Division B appropriates $3.8 billion for the legislative branch. This encom-passes the House of Representatives and joint operations with the Senate. The House of Representatives is fund-ed at $1.2 billion, which is $25 million below the President’s budget request. Funding also supports Capitol security and police forces, services for visitors, and Capitol operations and mainte-nance. The Capitol Police are funded at $456 million, an increase of $30 million above fiscal year 2018. Last year, we learned just how vital the Capitol Po-lice are when they responded to and stopped a shooter who opened fire at a congressional baseball game practice. The bravery and skill demonstrated by those agents are what allows Mem-bers of Congress, our staff, our support personnel, and visitors to go to work or visit the Capitol complex every day without fear. They deserve our full sup-port. The Office of Compliance is appro-priated over $5 million for employee and Member workplace rights training. This funding will also support a dispute resolution process that is fair and ac-cessible for all. The bill also includes almost $580 million for the Government Account-ability Office so that it may continue its vital work of oversight and report-ing on how Federal programs are using taxpayer dollars. Two important things that the bill does not fund are a cost-of-living in-crease for Members of Congress and al-lowances for former Speakers of the House. Division C of the appropriations package provides over $96 billion in dis-cretionary funding for Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs, an in-crease of more than $4 billion over fis-cal year 2018. Nearly all of the increase in funding goes toward supporting the efforts and the services of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Robust funding for Vet-erans Affairs will ensure that those who have served our country have ac-cess to quality services. This bill includes a total of $194 bil-lion in discretionary and mandatory funding for Veterans Affairs, which is $9 billion more than fiscal year 2018. Importantly, this bill provides more than $71 billion for Veterans Affairs medical care and more than $1 billion in funding for the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to deploy a new elec-tronic health records system that aligns with the Department of Defense. Mr. Speaker, this is something that we have been promised since 2006. This will allow our veterans an easier tran-sition into the Veterans Affairs system than they experience today. The bill also includes funding for re-ducing the disability claims backlog so that veterans will receive more timely compensation. Yesterday, the VA MISSION Act was signed into law. American veterans de-serve the best possible care, and this bill gives the Department of Veterans Affairs the resources to work towards providing that care for the 7 million patients who are expected to receive Veterans Affairs treatment in fiscal year 2019. Additionally, this bill funds con-struction, operation, and maintenance of housing for our troops and medical and education facilities at over $10 bil-lion. This is the first step toward funding the government and its essential pro-grams for fiscal year 2019. This year, Congress will do its job to ensure smart, efficient, and appropriate use of taxpayer dollars. H.R. 3, the second bill contained in today’s rule, is the rescissions package to cut stagnant and unused prior-year Federal funding. President Trump submitted and re-cently revised a proposal to rescind ap-proximately $14.5 billion of budget au-thority, affecting 15 Federal depart-ments and agencies. These include un-obligated balances from the Depart-ment of Energy’s Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program and the Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program; the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s cap-ital fund; the Department of Justice’s Assets Forfeiture Fund; the Depart-ment of State’s Complex Crisis Fund; and unnecessary funding for the Mil-lennium Challenge Corporation, among other things. President Trump recently revised his request to withdraw the proposed re-scission of emergency Ebola funds as well as supplemental appropriations for Superstorm Sandy recovery and to de-crease proposed rescissions to Housing and Urban Development’s capital fund and Treasury’s capital management fund. Two provisions related to the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program should be noted. The first rescinds over $5 billion that was included in the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 that supplements the fiscal year 2017 allotments to States. This was in addi-tion to the annual Children’s Health Insurance Program appropriation to re-imburse States for Children’s Health Insurance Program expenses. The re-maining funds are no longer needed. The second provision rescinds almost $2 billion made available to the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program con-tingency fund, which is used to provide payments to States that have funding shortfalls. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services currently does 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.026 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4864 June 7, 2018 
not expect any State to need a pay-ment from the contingency fund during the current fiscal year. It is important that the American people understand that these Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program re-scissions will have no impact on the current Children’s Health Insurance Program. Early this year, Republicans passed and signed into law the longest and most generous extension to the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program in its 20-year history. When House Demo-crats were presented this opportunity, they voted against it not once but twice. Mr. Speaker, when Federal funds are no longer needed in an agency or have not been obligated, Congress should do the right thing and use these taxpayer dollars to reduce the deficit. I support passage of the rule to allow debate on these important priorities. I urge Members to support today’s rule and both underlying bills. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes. Mr. Speaker, this rule makes 39 amendments in order to the appropria-tions bill we have been considering this week. Unfortunately, this appropriations package is made up of three individual appropriations bills. Also, in what is a surprise to us in the minority, this rule also includes a surprising $15 billion in rescissions—cuts—to programs our communities depend on. Why aren’t we given the opportunity to bring up these bills individually? Considering that nearly 200 amend-ments were offered to this package while many of us were working in our districts, it is obvious to me that these bills would have benefited from a longer debate. This rule makes in order 39 amend-ments to the underlying package, which includes H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019; H.R. 5894, the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations Act of 2019; and H.R. 5786, the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act of 2019. However, 59 additional amendments will not be given an opportunity to be heard, including bipartisan amend-ments like the Cicilline-Poliquin amendment to prohibit oil drilling on the Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf or the Foster-Hultgren amendment to increase funding for the Department of Energy’s Office of Science or the Issa- Roybal-Allard amendment to support programs that improve veteran access to care at qualified health centers. Don’t these distinguished Members of this body deserve to have their amend-ments discussed, debated, and voted on? This rule also makes in order H.R. 3, the GOP rescission package. Mr. Speaker, this bill has not received a single hearing—not one. This was a last-minute addition which gave no time for amendments to be considered. The closed rule, which is how the re-scissions package comes to the floor, pushes this Congress further into the record books as the most closed Con-gress in history. Before I speak more on that, I do want to take a brief moment to high-light the bipartisan manner in which the appropriators acted in crafting the Military Construction and Legislative Branch bills. This is proof that, when this body wants to, we can work to-gether and produce legislation that re-sults in broad, bipartisan consensus. The Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs bill provides a $4.17 bil-lion increase to the servicemembers we represent—specifically, a $3.9 billion increase to the Department of Veterans Affairs. The Legislative Branch bill takes more steps we should have taken a long time ago and provides additional re-sources for training and to help with complaints on sexual harassment and violations of employee rights. None of us here are immune to harassers, but at least this bill moves us forward in addressing the bad behaviors of those who walk among us. This rule makes in order amend-ments to the Energy and Water appro-priations bill. However, this bill does not follow the same bipartisan path. Instead, this bill is full of poison pill riders that will ultimately make our time here a total waste, as those poi-son pill riders mean that the Senate will ignore this package as it is writ-ten. Incredibly, when most Americans are asking Congress to make commonsense improvements to our Nation’s gun laws, this bill goes in the opposite di-rection. That is right. This Congress is finally acting on guns—in a cowardly way, by expanding where guns can be brought onto Federal lands, ignoring the cries and the calls from our chil-dren—our children who are being mur-dered in their classrooms, our constitu-ents who are being murdered in movie theaters, our constituents who are being murdered in concert halls in Las Vegas, Nevada, where people go to get married, where people go to have fun, and, yes, they make babies sometimes in Vegas too. But yet we are ignoring their calls for help. b1300 It is amazing that we can go on months without meaningful reforms on gun violence and now we take up a giant spending package that forces Members to vote on yet another expan-sion of gun access. What are we trying to do? Again, a cowardice act to expand the use of weapons in our Federal lands. For what? So we can go into the dens of bears and kill them—the momma bears and the baby bears—while they are sleeping? That is what we are doing in this Congress. Perhaps that wouldn’t be such a problem if we had a single open rule on the House floor that would allow the House to work its will on this or any other issue Members have with por-tions of this legislation. Finally, this rule makes in order H.R. 3, President Trump’s and the GOP’s rescissions bill. As I mentioned before, this bill saw no hearings. Zero. But perhaps just as troubling was Ranking Member L
OWEY ’s remarks in our Rules Committee hearing last night about how the minority wasn’t even consulted prior to this bill coming to the floor, ignoring the thousands of constituents that we represent. So, not only has this bill skipped the normal appropriations process, Democrats have not been given an opportunity to add the voice of their constituents. Make no mistake, this is a highly partisan bill which does not reflect the House’s will. Instead, this is what our constituents hate the most: a Congress that is most dysfunctional. This bill makes significant cuts to programs that create jobs, grow our economy, and provide healthcare to millions of children in a transparent attempt to appear fiscally conservative after passing a tax bill that added $1.9 trillion to the deficit and gave most of its benefit to the wealthiest among us. If we want to rescind something to balance the deficit, how about we start with the $1 trillion budget-busting tax bill that was passed for the wealthy. That irresponsible law is now the cause of Medicare and Social Security going bankrupt decades earlier. This bill is a political gimmick to hide the Republican majority’s gross mismanagement of our Nation’s long- term fiscal health. While the GOP tax giveaway benefited the wealthiest among us, almost half of the cuts in this rescissions package are to the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Let me say that again, Mr. Speaker: the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram. We have $7 billion eliminated from CHIP. That is right. They didn’t blink an eye at a $2 trillion giveaway to the wealthy, but yet they are squeezing fractional savings from funds intended for children’s health insurance. But that isn’t the end of it. So that corporations and millionaires can have a tax break, the House majority has de-cided to make a collection of cuts that will impact every community: Cuts to economic development; cuts to the Forest Service while the West of Amer-ica is burning; cuts to Indian housing programs, cuts to foreign assistance; cuts to transportation while our infra-structure is crumbling; cuts to public housing while the growing number of Americans grow homeless; cuts to con-servation; and cuts to advanced tech-nology vehicle loans. What is it that you want to do? Do you want to take us back to the time of Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.028 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4865 June 7, 2018 
I know that my Republican col-leagues will say that they aren’t cuts because the funding can’t be used, but no Federal agencies were asked if they needed a waiver to utilize this funding where they need it the most. I doubt that my colleagues will say they couldn’t use this in their communities. Well, let me put these cuts in the voice of the Great Gazoo: those cuts are dumb and dumber cuts. Mr. Speaker, that is why I must strongly oppose this rule, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Mr. Speaker, February 9 of this year, the House of Representatives passed the most generous extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program since its inception in 1996. The gentle-woman from California voted against that extension. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS), a valuable member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and the Committee on Agriculture. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule for H.R. 5895 that provides essential protections for the current and future health of Lake Erie. It prevents the Army Corps of Engi-neers from dumping dredged sediment from the Cuyahoga River in the lake without the approval of the State of Ohio. This dredge sediment can contain harmful contaminants, potentially in-creasing the risk of polluted fish and wildlife. Lake Erie is one of Ohio’s most pre-cious and important natural resources. It would be irresponsible to reverse the environmental gains we have recently made with the lake, which is why this provision is so important. Additionally, this bill includes a pro-vision to expand the ability of law- abiding citizens to possess a firearm on Army Corps of Engineers land, so long as they are legally permitted to carry a firearm and are in full compliance with State law and as they are allowed to do on other Federal parks and Fed-eral lands. This provision merely brings the Army Corps recreational property in line with the rules of land owned by the National Park Service and the Fish and Wildlife Service. Finally, this bill includes a full con-gressional repeal of the harmful Obama-era WOTUS rule, waters of the United States, an executive overreach that expanded Federal jurisdiction be-yond ‘‘navigable waters.’’ These provi-sions are important in ensuring the Federal Government does not impose its will or expand its authority at the expense of States or individuals. I encourage my colleagues to support this, and I want to commend the chair-men of these committees for the work they have done in the rescissions pack-age in this bill and the Energy and Water bill to move this country for-ward. I would also note, Mr. Speaker, his-torically, if you look back in the past 20 or 30 years in past administrations, both Republican and Democratic, re-scissions used to be common practice to claw back money that was never spent or could no longer be spent and bring it back to the Treasury and let the Congress re-appropriate the money as they deem fit. I encourage my colleagues to support this rule. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), the distin-guished ranking member of the Com-mittee on Rules. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, does this Republican majority have amnesia? Did they for-get how we got here? Congressional Republicans blew a nearly $2 trillion hole in the deficit by giving tax cuts to the wealthy and large corporations. That is trillion with a T. Now they are acting like they are great deficit hawks for bringing forward a bill that rescinds $15 billion in Federal spending. That is billion with a B. It is a tiny fraction of the trillions of dollars they spent on tax cuts. You don’t have to be some great scholar to see this disparity. It is right here on this chart. This really big red bar, Mr. Speaker, that plunges down to nearly $2 trillion represents the impact of the Republican tax bill on the def-icit. It is actually $1.9 trillion. It is not good. That really, really, really tiny small bar on the right represents the so-called ‘‘savings’’ that this bill will provide. For those in the gallery, you are going to need binoculars to see that line. To my Republican colleagues, I am happy to lend you my bifocals so you can see how inconsequential this rescission package is in terms of deal-ing with our deficit. Now, don’t get me wrong, $15 million is a lot of money, but in the context of what this Republican House has done to our deficit—blowing a hole in it to give tax cuts to the megarich—in that context, it isn’t even a down payment on fixing the deficit. This bill isn’t the result of some great process. Mr. Speaker, there was no process. There was no hearing on the bill. The Appropriations Com-mittee didn’t go over these proposed cuts one by one, weighing whether they made sense or not. This is the result of the whims of President Trump. He seems to change his mind about as often as he logs on to Twitter. How else can the majority ex-plain slashing funds to fight Ebola the same day there is an Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo? You cannot make this stuff up. It took language in a manager’s amendment to reverse this, just like the majority was forced to reverse cuts to funds designed to help New York and New Jersey recover from Superstorm Sandy. Perhaps if you had a hearing and you listened to Members of Con-gress, you listened to the committees of jurisdiction, you might avoid these embarrassments. This bill is also being considered under yet another record-breaking closed rule. That means no Member can offer an amendment on the floor to ap-prove it. Last month, Republicans officially turned this Congress into the most closed Congress in history. It was only May. We still have 6 months to go be-fore the end of this Congress. Appar-ently, there is no end in sight for the majority’s restrictive process. It would make Vladimir Putin jealous. This is not a process to be proud of. This is a process the Republicans should be ashamed of. The cuts in this bill aren’t harmless. They will hurt real people. Almost half the cuts in this package are to the Children’s Health Insurance Program. This bill also hurts farmers by cutting funding they need to carry out impor-tant conservation programs. This bill cuts funding for the Eco-nomic Development Administration, an agency focused on economic growth and private sector job creation, at a time when they have a project backlog nationwide. In my own congressional district, I have visited at least 10 high- quality projects seeking investments from EDA. These projects, and count-less others all across the country, are now in jeopardy if this rescissions package becomes law. These are not unnecessary programs, as the bill’s title suggests. This funding was appropriated under the FY 2017 omnibus negotiated over just a year ago. Both parties agreed to it. The President signed it into law. Now, President Trump has suddenly changed his mind. Maybe it was something he saw on Fox News, since he takes most of his marching orders from them. After spending nearly $2 trillion on tax cuts for the superrich and blowing up the deficit, the majority’s bill is like putting a Band-Aid on a gaping wound. Republicans are trying to trick the American people into thinking that somehow they care about fiscal respon-sibility. Well, they are not fooling any-one. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OUZER ). The Chair would remind Members to refrain from references to occupants of the gallery. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Mr. Speaker, I would like to point out that as of June 7 of this year, Re-publicans in the 115th Congress have provided consideration for over 1,200 amendments on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, during the entirety of the 111th Congress, when Speaker Pelosi was Speaker, the Democrats al-lowed less than 1,000 amendments to be considered on the floor. Their majority blocked nearly 3,000 amendments that year in Congress. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.029 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4866 June 7, 2018 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 30 seconds. I would like to recognize that on Feb-ruary 9 of this year, the most generous extension of the Children’s Health In-surance Program—for 10 years’ time— was passed by the House and eventu-ally signed into law. The gentleman from Massachusetts fought against that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. K
NIGHT ). b1315 Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule. I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for the inclusion of language in the E&W report that would launch a new initiative at the Depart-ment of Energy to aggressively drive down costs and improve the perform-ance of grid-scale energy storage tech-nologies. This report language is similar to the BEST Act, which I sponsored and of which the ranking member is a cospon-sor. The BEST Act is a bipartisan au-thorization bill that directs the Sec-retary of Energy to establish a moon-shot goal of three demonstrations of grid-scale battery storage that will meet aggressive commercialization targets for cost, performance, and du-rability. This concept is modeled after the success of the DOE’s SunShot Initia-tive, which brought down the cost of solar energy by 75 percent in less than 5 years. One of the biggest challenges to greater incorporation of new energy sources into the power grid is the lack of cost-competitive grid-scale solu-tions. Intermittent energy sources can-not reach their potential without com-mercially viable storage facilities. We all know this. Much of the energy we produce is lost, diminishing utility productivity. While the DOE has issued grants to pursue better battery storage, funding has been too dispersed to produce the breakthroughs needed to transform our electricity grid. This initiative will le-verage work currently being done in the Office of Science to set a moonshot goal for energy storage technology. In a further sign of the merit of these demonstrations, the Senate E&W bill also includes very similar report lan-guage. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, we can-not continue to allow the rewriting of history. The majority has blocked over 2,000 amendments, and it is only June. Mr. Speaker, the Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs Appropria-tions Act would shortchange our vet-erans by subjecting funding for their healthcare programs to onerous budget restraints. This would force funding for veterans healthcare to compete with other important veterans programs. Therefore, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to include Representative LAMB’s legislation, H.R. 5805, to fix the VA Choice budget shortfall and Rep-resentative C
ARTER ’s amendment to MILCON-VA which includes more funds for vital veteran healthcare initiatives. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. L
AMB) to discuss our proposal. Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, I rise today so that we can finish the work that we started with the VA MISSION Act. Just yesterday, the President signed the VA MISSION Act into law, and it is a good bill. But the words on that piece of paper and his signature, Mr. Speak-er, are not what takes care of our vet-erans. It is the doctors and nurses in our VA facilitates who do that. The VA MISSION Act gives us a chance to make their jobs easier and let them do it better. But we have to be honest about the fact that it also poses serious risks be-cause of these strict budget caps. These budget caps were in place, Mr. Speaker, before we ever did the VA MISSION Act. I don’t know if they were put in place because people had lost faith in the VA, but I recently visited two VA hospitals in the Pittsburgh area and came away with a renewed faith in what the VA can do. I met a man who was a Vietnam vet-eran, wheelchair-bound, who has lived in the VA hospital for 3 years. If things were as bad as its critics say, you might expect a man like that to be downtrodden or upset with the VA. In-stead, when I asked him how he was feeling, tears came to his eyes and his voice choked with emotion as he de-scribed for me the way that the direc-tor of that hospital comes to mass with him every morning and asks about his family. We had that conversation in a kitch-en built inside that hospital that looks like the kitchen in any nice home. The nurses bring in food of their own to cook for the patients of theirs. It oper-ates like a real family. This is what it looks like, Mr. Speak-er, when we keep our promises to our veterans and, more accurately, when our doctors and nurses keep that prom-ise on our behalf. But all of this is at risk if we do not finish what we started with the VA MISSION Act. If we do nothing, the money that we have appropriated for the Veterans Choice Program will bust the strict budget caps that VA is under, and that will trigger automatic, indiscriminate cuts across the board. Mr. Speaker, that man asked me for one thing. He said that next year on Memorial Day he was hoping that they could have a cookout and that I would come back and have a hot dog with him. When that happens 1 year from now, Mr. Speaker, that same VA hospital may very well be under the strict budg-et cuts. Something like a cookout would be seen as an extravagance if you are getting 25 percent, 30 percent cuts across the board. And we will be responsible for that, Mr. Speaker. That is the only thing that man asked for. He has been cared for. We have got-ten him the care he deserves. We need to ensure that for the next generation. We can fix that today. We can exempt the new money in the VA MISSION Act from the strict budget caps by voting ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that my bill, H.R. 5805, can be made in order. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I certainly appreciate the gentleman’s service to our country. I would point out that I worked as a physician in a VA facility in the 1970s, and I am well aware of the good work that the doctors and nurses in VA fa-cilities provide. I would like to point out that, in the Statement of Administration Policy, the administration expected the MIS-SION Act to be in place by the begin-ning of fiscal year 2018. Do remember that this was one of the promises that then-candidate Trump promised to the Nation, that he would make the fund-ing of the veterans programs a pri-ority, and I believe he has done that. Continuing to quote from the admin-istration: ‘‘The delay in enacting the MISSION Act’s new community care program increases the requirements to continue the VA’s current traditional community care program by an addi-tional $1.6 billion in fiscal year 2019.’’ Here is the important point: ‘‘The ad-ministration looks forward to working with Congress to secure this funding within the existing nondefense discre-tionary cap.’’ I think it is fair to say there is more to come. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the R
ECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous ques-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OMER ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for yield-ing me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to the rule for H.R. 3 as well as the underlying bill. As a member of the House Appropriations Committee, I do not believe we should be retroactively taking back already approved funding to pay for tax cuts to corporations. There are countless ludicrous provi-sions in this bill to cut rural housing, conservation, and other programs that support communities, farmers, and those in need. I would like to focus on one provision in H.R. 3 that is particu-larly upsetting because it would re-scind over $14 million from USDA’s Value Added Producer Grant program, one of the only USDA grants that go directly to farmers’ pockets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.030 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4867 June 7, 2018 
Let me be absolutely clear. Despite what the administration has said, these are funds that farmers have al-ready applied for. Those applications were already under review by the USDA when the rescission package was introduced. Projects are ready to go and jobs are waiting to be created with this funding. It makes me very angry to see that the administration’s rescission pro-posal describes these grants as wasteful and specifically identifies a chocolate- covered peanut project as an example of alleged wasteful spending. This is not about chocolate-covered peanuts. This is about helping farmers diversify their businesses and providing consumers with new products on which they are willing to spend a little extra. Farmers are facing very challenging economic times, and I think we should be doing everything we can to support farmers in finding new markets, wheth-er that is by processing milk to make yogurt, making jam from wild blue-berries, or even coating peanuts in chocolate. Ironically, on the same day that the administration released its rescission proposal, the USDA’s Economic Re-search Service released a report on how successful VAPG has been. The report shows that businesses that receive VAPG funding provide more jobs for their communities and were less likely to fail than similar nonrecipient busi-nesses. VAPG works. In Maine and across the country, a little support to farmers through VAPG can go a long way. I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule for H.R. 3 as well as the under-lying bill. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Se-curity Committee, I am opposing all of the bills under this rule, including the underlying bill, but in particular H.R. 3, which is a danger to childcare devel-opment, Pell grants, and election secu-rity, meaning, Mr. Speaker, they are cutting those dollars. But the main element of my opposi-tion is the crisis on the border. I want this House to recognize that you have individuals who have crossed for hu-manitarian reasons who are being treated and violated like in a third- world country that would be inhumane. You have Guatemalans, some of whom now are facing the tragedy of the volcano, coming who speak an in-digenous language, and they are lumped together 50, 100 at a time. Their children are snatched away from them. This is a policy that is going to be further funded by the re-scissions in this bill. It is imperative that anyone who has a humane bone in their body stand up against ripping children away from individuals. As a member of the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on the Judiciary, that was not the pol-icy. The policy was for children who came unaccompanied, not children with their parents. In addition, you have children who have not seen their mothers—who are 4 years old, who are infants—for weeks at a time and cannot speak English. Again, you have Guatemalans who are not speaking Spanish, English, or a language that is interpreted in the courts. It is an indigenous language. They do not know that you are ruling against them, as it relates to their plea for asylum. This bill and the rescissions will give more funding for those kinds of inhu-mane deportation and more dollars to separate children from their parents. For God’s sake, this is not America. We must stop it now. Oppose the bill. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, I will point out that one of the things that the Military Con-struction and VA appropriation does fund is the improvements to the VA Electronic Health Record. This is something that has been sought by this Congress and previous administrations going back to 2006. I am happy to say that in this appropriations bill it is being taken care of. Three administrations is too long for that to happen. I am grateful for the focus that the administration put on this problem, and I am grateful that they have finally gotten it solved. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have no doubt of the importance of the legislation this rule makes in order. However, I struggle to believe that this is the most important work we could be doing today. Instead, perhaps we can fix the bro-ken immigration laws that President Trump has cited as his reason for sepa-rating families and children on our Na-tion’s border. Fear and intimidation are no way to make policy. The Trump administration has picked the cruelest way to punish those who are fleeing vi-olence. The result is broken families and lost children. Since October, more than 700 children have been inhumanely sepa-rated from their parents. More than 100 of these children are less than 4 years old. Using family separation as a scare tactic to prevent families from coming to this country will never work, and it is in the same cruel mindset as using rape as a weapon of war. These families come here looking for one thing: shel-ter. Punishing a mother by separating her from her child is not only immoral; it is inhumane. It goes against the fun-damental human right of the family unit. Separating them from their parents is simply anti-American. However, for some reason, President Trump has re-peatedly said that he is bound by the law to rip these families apart. b1330 PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, par-liamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from California will state her parliamentary inquiry. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, what is the law requiring the separation of par-ents and children at the border? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does not respond to inquiries re-garding the status of the law. That is a matter for debate. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, perhaps the reason the Speaker can’t answer is that the law simply doesn’t exist. How-ever, this is the United States Con-gress. We make the laws. But unfortu-nately, this isn’t what we are doing here. No. Instead, we are taking up a bill to put more guns on public lands and cut funding for energy efficiency research. For this reason and many other concerns I have with the number of amendments which were not made in order, I must oppose this rule. This Congress is now the most closed Congress in history. It is forcing its Members to vote on bills which haven’t been given a real debate. It is clear the majority is attempting to rewrite his-tory. Mr. Speaker, Canada did not burn the White House. The American people know better. None of the work we do today will undo their deficit-busting bill, nor will it reunite the families the administration has destroyed. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as of June 7, 2018, Re-publicans in the 115th Congress have provided for consideration of over 1,200 amendments on the House floor. Over 570 of those amendments have been proposed by Democrats, 480 proposed by Republicans, and 190 were bipar-tisan. That is 46 percent Democratic amendments, 39 percent Republican amendments, and 16 percent were bi-partisan. By contrast, during the entire 111th Congress, that was the last Congress where Speaker P
ELOSI was the Speaker of the House, Democrats were in the majority. During the entire 111th Con-gress, Speaker P
ELOSI allowed less than 1,000 amendments to be consid-ered on the House floor, and, in fact, the Democratic majority blocked 3,000 amendments, with roughly 2,400 dur-ing, actually, the first session, the first year of that Congress. These numbers include measures where the summaries of amendments submitted are publicly available, but at that time, due to the lack of the ma-jority’s transparency, the number is likely much higher that were blocked. Now, look, Chairman S
ESSIONS of the Rules Committee has made it a point 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.032 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4868 June 7, 2018 
to ensure that every single Member has the opportunity to submit their amendments and come to the Com-mittee on Rules and share their thoughts and concerns. And as the gen-tlewoman knows well, there is no clock in the Rules Committee. Any Member can come and spend as much time with us as they wish. Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides for the consideration of two important pieces of legislation: H.R. 5895, the En-ergy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs Appropriations Act of 2019, and H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. Both are responsible measures that take seriously our responsibility to be vigilant stewards of the Federal taxpayers’ dollars. I want to thank the President for his leadership in eliminating unused and unnecessary funding from past years, a responsible approach that until this President has been underutilized. I urge my colleagues today to support the rules and the two underlying pieces of legislation. The material previously referred to by Mrs. T
ORRES is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 923 O FFERED BY  M
S. TORRES  In the first section, strike ‘‘printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution’’ and insert ‘‘specified in section 4 of this resolution, modified by adding at the end the text of H.R. 5805 as introduced,’’. Add at the end the following new section: ‘‘S
EC. 4. The amendment referred to in the first section is as follows: ‘Page 165, after line 14, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. 239. For an additional amount for the Department of Veterans Affairs, $1,138,000,000 for the programs and activities authorized in the VA MISSION Act of 2018 and the amend-ments made by such Act, which shall be in addition to amounts otherwise made avail-able in this Act for such purpose, of which— (1) $600,000,000 shall become available for the Veterans Community Care Program under section 1703 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by the VA MISSION Act of 2018, on the effective date specified in section 101(b) of such Act; and (2) $253,000,000 shall be available for the Family Caregivers Program under section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, as amended by such Act: Provided, That amounts made available under this section shall remain available until September 30, 2020.’’. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 227, nays 185, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 240] YEAS—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.034 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4869 June 7, 2018 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Beatty Bilirakis Boyle, Brendan F. Carbajal Davis, Danny Flores Fortenberry Lynch Noem Palazzo Poliquin Polis Thompson (MS) Vargas Walz 
b1357 Mr. LEWIS of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. ABRAHAM and Mrs. WALORSKI changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call No. 240. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 225, noes 187, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 241] AYES—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—187 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Beatty Bilirakis Boyle, Brendan F. Carbajal Davis, Danny Flores Fortenberry Lynch Noem Palazzo Polis Rokita Vargas Walz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C ON-
AWAY ) (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remaining. b1405 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 213, nays 197, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 242] YEAS—213 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.007 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4870 June 7, 2018 
Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Fleischmann Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Granger Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Posey Reed Reichert Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Takano Thornberry Titus Trott Tsongas Wagner Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NAYS—197 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Barr Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Emmer Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Langevin Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marshall Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Moore Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Sensenbrenner Serrano Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—16 
Beatty Bilirakis Boyle, Brendan F. Carbajal Davis, Danny Flores Fortenberry Labrador Lynch Noem Palazzo Polis Scott, Austin Smith (TX) Vargas Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1412 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday and part of Thursday, June 6 and 7, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and was unable to make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 234, the Previous Question; ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 235, on adoption of the H.R. 918; ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 236, the ap-proval of the Journal; ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 237, the motion to recommit; ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 238, the final passage of the Water Resource De-velopment Act (H.R. 8); ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 239, the final passage of the Project Safe Neigh-borhoods Grant Program Authorization Act (H.R. 3249); ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 240, the Pre-vious Question; ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 241, on the adoption of H. Res. 923; and ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 242, the approval of the journal. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I was unable to cast votes on the following legislative measures. If I were present for roll-call votes, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ for the fol-lowing votes: Roll 241, June 7, 2018: On Agreeing to the Resolution, H. Res. 923, Providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3) the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. Roll 240, June 7, 2018: On Ordering the Previous Question, Providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making ap-propriations for energy and water development and related agencies; and providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3) the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. If were present for rollcall votes, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ for the following vote: Roll 242, June 7, 2018: On Approval of the Journal. f 
WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION COORDINATION ACT Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent to take from the Speak-er’s table the bill (S. 1869) to reauthor-ize and rename the position of Whistle-blower Ombudsman to be the Whistle-blower Protection Coordinator, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Iowa? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1869 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Whistle-blower Protection Coordination Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3(d) of the Inspec-tor General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and ad-justing the margins accordingly; (B) by striking ‘‘Ombudsman who shall educate agency employees—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Coordinator who shall— ‘‘(i) educate agency employees—’’; (C) in subclause (I), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘on retaliation’’ and inserting ‘‘against retaliation’’; (D) in subclause (II), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, including— ‘‘(aa) the means by which employees may seek review of any allegation of reprisal, in-cluding the roles of the Office of the Inspec-tor General, the Office of Special Counsel, the Merit Systems Protection Board, and any other relevant entities; and ‘‘(bb) general information about the time-liness of such cases, the availability of any alternative dispute mechanisms, and ave-nues for potential relief.’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) assist the Inspector General in pro-moting the timely and appropriate handling and consideration of protected disclosures and allegations of reprisal, to the extent practicable, by the Inspector General; and ‘‘(iii) assist the Inspector General in facili-tating communication and coordination with the Special Counsel, the Council of the In-spectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, the establishment, Congress, and any other relevant entity regarding the timely and ap-propriate handling and consideration of pro-tected disclosures, allegations of reprisal, and general matters regarding the imple-mentation and administration of whistle-blower protection laws, rules, and regula-tions.’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Ombuds-man’’ and inserting ‘‘Coordinator’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.008 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4871 June 7, 2018 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) The Whistleblower Protection Coordi-nator shall have direct access to the Inspec-tor General as needed to accomplish the re-quirements of this subsection.’’. (b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF CIGIE.—Section 11(c) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES RELATING  
TO WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION .—The Council shall— ‘‘(A) facilitate the work of the Whistle-blower Protection Coordinators designated under section 3(d)(C); and ‘‘(B) in consultation with the Office of Spe-cial Counsel and Whistleblower Protection Coordinators from the member offices of the Inspector General, develop best practices for coordination and communication in pro-moting the timely and appropriate handling and consideration of protected disclosures, allegations of reprisal, and general matters regarding the implementation and adminis-tration of whistleblower protection laws, in accordance with Federal law.’’. (c) R
EPORTING .—Section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), by amending para-graph (20) to read as follows: ‘‘(20)(A) a detailed description of any in-stance of whistleblower retaliation, includ-ing information about the official found to have engaged in retaliation; and ‘‘(B) what, if any, consequences the estab-lishment actually imposed to hold the offi-cial described in subparagraph (A) account-able;’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)(D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) whether the establishment entered into a settlement agreement with the offi-cial described in subsection (a)(20)(A), which shall be reported regardless of any confiden-tiality agreement relating to the settlement agreement; and’’. (d) R
EPEAL OF SUNSET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 117 of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199; 126 Stat. 1475) is repealed. (2) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on November 26, 2017. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
VA SENIOR EXECUTIVE ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2772) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements relating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive em-ployees, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Senior Executive Account-ability Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SEA Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON REASSIGN-MENT OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS SENIOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 727. Reassignment of senior executives ‘‘(a) A
PPROVAL OF REASSIGNMENTS .—No indi- vidual employed in a senior executive position at the Department may be reassigned to another such position at the Department unless such re-assignment is approved in writing and signed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—(1) Not later than June 30 and December 31 of each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the reassignment of individuals em-ployed in senior executive positions at the De-partment to other such positions at the Depart-ment during the period covered by the report. ‘‘(2) Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall describe the purpose of each reassign-ment and the costs associated with such reas-signment. ‘‘(3) For purposes of paragraph (2), costs asso-ciated with a reassignment may only include the following: ‘‘(A) A salary increase. ‘‘(B) Temporary travel expenses for the indi-vidual or the family of the individual. ‘‘(C) Moving expenses. ‘‘(D) A paid incentive. ‘‘(c) S
ENIOR EXECUTIVE POSITION DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘senior executive posi-tion’ has the meaning given such term in section 713(d) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 725 the following new item: ‘‘727. Reassignment of senior executives.’’. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1415 SERGEANT ERNEST I. ‘‘BOOTS’’ THOMAS VA CLINIC Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4687) to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Ernest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the title of the bill. Will the gentleman from Tennessee submit a copy of the bill to the desk. Does the gentleman seek to withdraw his request? Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Yes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the unanimous consent re-quest is withdrawn. There was no objection. f 
SPENDING CUTS TO EXPIRED AND UNNECESSARY PROGRAMS ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 923, I call up the bill (H.R. 3) to rescind cer-tain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages trans-mitted to the Congress by the Presi-dent on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 923, the amendment printed in part C of House Report 115–712 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RESCISSION OF BUDGET AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Pursuant to the special message transmitted by the President on May 8, 2018, to the House of Representatives and the Senate proposing the rescission of budget authority under section 1012 of part B of title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 682 et seq.), the rescissions described under subsection (b) shall take effect immediately upon the date of enactment of this Act. (b) R
ESCISSIONS .—The rescissions described in this subsection are as follows: (1) Of the unobligated balances identified by the Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 12X1600, $148,000,000 are permanently re-scinded. (2) Of the unobligated balances identified by the Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 12X1004, the following amounts are perma-nently rescinded: (A) $143,854,263 of amounts made available in section 2601(a)(5) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). (B) $146,650,991 of amounts made available in section 2701(d) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246). (C) $33,261,788 of amounts made available in section 2701(e) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246). (D) $12,960,988 of amounts made available in section 2701(g) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.009 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4872 June 7, 2018 
(E) $7,447,193 of amounts made available in section 2510 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246). (F) $155,332,698 of amounts made available from the Commodity Credit Corporation to carry out the wetlands reserve program. (3) Of the unobligated balances identified by the Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 12X1072, $50,000,000 of amounts made avail-able under the heading ‘‘Watershed and Flood Prevention Operations’’ in the Con-solidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) are rescinded. (4) From amounts made available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agriculture— Rural Housing Service—Rental Assistance Program’’ in the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) that re-main available until September 30, 2018, $40,000,000 are rescinded. (5) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agri-culture—Rural Housing Service—Rural Com-munity Facilities Program Account’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Pub-lic Law 115–31) and prior Acts, $2,000,000 are rescinded. (6) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agri-culture—Rural Business-Cooperative Serv-ice—Rural Cooperative Development Grants’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts, $14,705,229 are rescinded. (7) Of the amounts made available by sec-tion 9003 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–79), $36,410,174 are rescinded. (8) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agri-culture—Rural Utilities Service—High En-ergy Cost Grants’’ in the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts, $13,275,855 are rescinded. (9) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agri-culture—Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Ac-count’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts, $37,000,000 are rescinded. No amounts may be rescinded under this paragraph from amounts that were designated by the Con-gress as an emergency or disaster relief re-quirement pursuant to the concurrent reso-lution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (10) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agri-culture—Forest Service—Land Acquisition’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts that were derived from the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund, $16,000,000 are permanently re-scinded. (11) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Com-merce—Economic Development Administra-tion—Economic Development Assistance Programs’’ from prior year appropriations, $30,000,000 are rescinded. (12) Any unobligated balances of amounts provided by section 129 of the Consolidated Security, Disaster Assistance, and Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 110–329) for the cost of direct loans as author-ized by section 136(d) of the Energy Inde-pendence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140) are rescinded. (13) Of the unobligated balances made available by section 1425 of the Department of Defense and Full-Year Continuing Appro-priations Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10) for the cost of loan guarantees for renewable en-ergy or efficient end-use energy technologies under section 1703 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15513), $160,682,760 are re-scinded. (14) Any unobligated balances of amounts made available under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of Energy—Energy Programs—Title 17—Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program’’ in the American Recovery and Re-investment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5) for the cost of guaranteed loans authorized by section 1705 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 are rescinded. (15) Of the unobligated balances available from section 301(b)(3) of Public Law 114–10 and pursuant to section 2104(m)(2)(B)(iv) of the Social Security Act, $5,149,512,000 are re-scinded. (16) Of the amounts made available in sec-tion 1115A(f)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act, $800,000,000 are rescinded. (17) Of the amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund for fiscal year 2018 under section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Se-curity Act, $1,865,000,000 are permanently re-scinded. (18) Of the unobligated balances available in the Nonrecurring Expenses Fund estab-lished in section 223 of division G of Public Law 110–161, $220,000,000 are rescinded. (19) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Public Indian Housing Programs—Public Housing Capital Fund’’ in the Consolidated and Further Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235), $1,192,287 are rescinded. (20) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Public Indian Housing Programs—Public Housing Capital Fund’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), $5,243,222 are rescinded. (21) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Public Indian Housing Programs—Public Housing Capital Fund’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31), $31,980,121 are rescinded. (22) Of the unobligated balances available until expended under the heading ‘‘Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development— Public Indian Housing Programs—Public Housing Capital Fund’’, including from prior year appropriations, $518,885 are perma-nently rescinded. (23) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Justice— Legal Activities—Asset Forfeiture Fund’’, including from prior year appropriations, $106,000,000 are permanently rescinded. (24) Any unobligated balances of amounts made available in section 1899K(b) of division B of the American Recovery and Reinvest-ment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5) are re-scinded. (25) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of State— Complex Crises Fund’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (114–113), $30,000,000 are rescinded. (26) From amounts made available under the heading ‘‘Millennium Challenge Corpora-tion’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts, $52,000,000 are rescinded. (29) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Transpor-tation—Federal Highway Administration— Appalachian Development Highway System’’ in the Department of Transportation and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 1998 (Public Law 105–66) or any other Act, $45,240,246 are rescinded. (31) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Transpor-tation—Federal Railroad Administration— Capital Assistance for High Speed Rail Cor-ridors and Intercity Passenger Rail Service’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–117) $53,404,128 are rescinded. (32) Of the unobligated balances available for Transit Formula Grants from fiscal year 2005 and prior fiscal years, $46,560,000 are per-manently rescinded. (33) Of the unobligated balances available in the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established by the Treasury Forfeiture Fund Act of 1992 (31 U.S.C. 9705), $53,000,000 are permanently rescinded. (34) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of the Treas-ury—Departmental Offices—Community De-velopment Financial Institution Fund Pro-gram’’ for the Bank Enterprise Award Pro-gram from the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) $22,787,358 are rescinded. (35) From amounts made available to the Capital Magnet Fund for fiscal year 2018 pur-suant to sections 1337 and 1339 of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 4567 and 4569) $141,716,839 are permanently re-scinded. (37) Of the unobligated balances available in the ‘‘National Service Trust’’ established in section 102 of the National and Commu-nity Service Trust Act of 1993, $150,000,000 are permanently rescinded. (38) Of the amounts made available in sec-tion 9 of the Worker, Homeownership, and Business Assistance Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–92), $132,612,397 are rescinded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the majority leader and the minority leader or their respective designees. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today to present H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unneces-sary Programs Act. This package of re-scissions withdraws nearly $15 billion in funds previously appropriated to various Federal programs and agencies. These funds are rescinded from pro-grams and agencies that no longer need or cannot spend the money or from programs that no longer exist. When such funding goes unused for years, those funds should be returned to the Federal Treasury, as taxpayers should expect. Sweeping up these extra funds will not cause undue harm or hardship to the essential activities at these Fed-eral agencies. In fact, year after year, rescissions are included in our regular appropriations bills, and dozens of such rescissions have previously received bi-partisan support. The bottom line is that it is not in the interest of the taxpayers to let out-dated, unnecessary dollar balances sit idle, especially when the Nation is fac-ing such high debt and deficits. As I have said many times, Congress controls the power of the purse, and it is up to us to keep our fiscal house in order in order to reduce wasteful spending, unnecessary spending, when-ever possible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.011 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4873 June 7, 2018 
Such rescissions are not new. Over the past 20 years, there have been hun-dreds proposed and approved in both Democratic and Republican adminis-trations. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong opposition to this Re-publican rescission package. Mr. Speaker, President Trump and congressional Republicans are trying to take deconstructing government to a new level. They are proposing to take $15 billion in Federal funds away from the citizenry and investment in our economy budgeted for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, medical in-novation, advanced manufacturing, in-frastructure projects, and the list goes on. Why? They are doing so to pay for a tiny fraction of their $1.5 trillion tax cut for the rich. This is just another example of their irresponsible governance. What is on the chopping block? With this rescission package, the ma-jority would cut the balances in the Children’s Health Insurance Program by $7 billion, simply send them back to the Treasury. They would cut funding when we should be investing in critical services for children and families. They would cut funding that helps workers who have lost their jobs due to trade access health insurance. They would cut funding for AmeriCorps and prevent more people from serving vulnerable populations in their communities. They would cut funding for critical healthcare infrastructure projects. Just a few months ago, we used these funds to replace the Biosafety Level 4 laboratory at the Centers for Disease Control. This lab is necessary for han-dling the most highly pathogenic orga-nisms, such as Ebola, other hemor-rhagic fevers, and smallpox. This is a critical piece of public health infra-structure. Why do Republicans want to cut its source of funding? They would cut funding for programs that rural America depends on, rural housing programs, rural water pro-grams. For example, it would rescind $15 million from the Value Added Pro-ducer Grant Program, a vital lifeline for small businesses in rural America. Well, I want to remind Americans that the President and his House allies are betraying the promise they made to the American people, Mr. Speaker. In March, we agreed to historic and urgently needed funding for our fami-lies. The omnibus funding bill for 2018 made important investments in health, education, and job programs. It made critical investments that boost the middle class. It was not easy. We worked hard to come to an overwhelmingly bipartisan agreement that benefits the people of this country. And now, months later, the Trump administration and House Republicans are violating the spirit of that agreement. It is not a serious way to govern. This is money for our children, not for the President to claw back to pla-cate fervent conservatives who main-tain their drumbeat on Twitter and TV. And what do Republicans get for breaking their word, going back on their promises and taking from chil-dren? Well, according to the Congressional Budget Office, Mr. Speaker, the actual impact of this rescission package would amount to $1 billion over 10 years. That is less than 1 percent of the Republicans’ $1.5 trillion tax scam for the rich. In fact, it is one one-hun-dredth of a percent. If Republicans are so worried about spending, why not rescind the money from the tax giveaway to corporations that are using it to buy back stock? They are not raising wages. Well, they appear to be beholden to the lobbyists and the insiders who have profited so exorbitantly from that gift. And according to the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, 83 percent of the tax scam benefits will go to the top 1 percent. And those big boosts to paychecks? They have not materialized. You look at Walmart. They spent $20 billion on stock buybacks for their shareholders; yet, according to the Roosevelt Institute, had Walmart in-stead dedicated that money to workers, they could have raised wages to more than $16 an hour. They did not. Mr. Speaker, budgets, spending, ap-propriations, and rescissions reflect our values, and it is clearer than ever that President Trump, Speaker R
YAN, and the Republicans in the Congress value corporations and the wealthy, not people who work for a living or those who are the most vulnerable. They rig the rules for the rich and rob from the poor to pay for it. Congress must reject President Trump’s proposal and put forth policies that work for the middle class and fam-ilies and for those who are most vul-nerable, not balance the budget on their backs. The American people would be far better served if Congressional Repub-licans joined with Democrats to fund critical investments in education, healthcare, infrastructure, and pro-tecting our retirement programs. When teachers are protesting across the country for fair pay, Republicans want to go backwards. When Ameri-cans are stuck in jobs that do not pay enough to live on, Republicans want to go backwards. When 40 percent of households cannot afford the basics of a modern, middle class lifestyle, Re-publicans want to go backwards. Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable, and the American people deserve bet-ter. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCA-
LISE), the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Appropriations Committee for yielding. I rise in strong support of this rescis-sions package. I want to commend President Trump for bringing this bill to Congress, a bill that would, once passed, be the largest rescissions package in the history of our country. This is a process that has been used by Republican and Demo-cratic Presidents alike over decades, and it is an important process to make sure that we keep our fiscal house in order. Mr. Speaker, I know some of my col-leagues on the other side are feigning concern over the Children’s Health In-surance Program, and most of them, by the way, voted against the funding for the CHIP program in the first place when that bill was before Congress due to a full funding. In fact, we overfunded the CHIP program, and so, as that sur-plus money was identified, we made sure that that money is going to be able to be used to help reduce the def-icit and go to other things. This letter from the Congressional Budget Office confirms that not one child will lose insurance when this bill is passed because we overfunded the CHIP program. Mr. Speaker, I include this letter from the Congressional Budget Office in the R
ECORD . 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, May 8, 2018. Re Proposed Rescissions for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Hon. K
EVIN MCCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. LEADER : At your staff’s request, the Congressional Budget Office has re-viewed the Administration’s proposed rescis-sions R18–15 and R18–17 for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) that were transmitted to the Congress on May 8, 2018. The proposals would rescind approximately $7 billion. Of this, $5.1 billion would be re-scinded from the unobligated balances made available by section 301(b)(3) of Public Law 114–10, and $1.9 billion would be rescinded from amounts made available for fiscal year 2018 under the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund, section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Secu-rity Act. Specifically, you asked for our assessment of the proposed rescissions’ effect on federal spending and insurance coverage. Authority to distribute the funds to states made avail-able under section 301(b)(3) expired in 2017. In addition, based on information from the Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CBO projects that the rescission from the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund would not affect payments to states over the 2018– 2028 period. For these reasons, CBO esti-mates that rescinding the unobligated bal-ances would reduce budget authority by $7 billion, but would not affect outlays, or the number of individuals with insurance cov-erage. I hope this information is helpful to you. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to point out that, as there was a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.046 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4874 June 7, 2018 
concern about a potential Ebola out-break, we were able to go back and work with our OMB Director, Mick Mulvaney, who worked really closely with us to make sure that this bill was put together properly to address what the President wanted, while also mak-ing sure that we were able to respond to any potential Ebola crisis. I especially want to thank my col-leagues J
EFF FORTENBERRY and Gen-eral D
ONBACON from Nebraska for making sure that we will, with this bill’s passage, still be able to respond to any possible Ebola outbreak. Hope-fully, we don’t have one, but we will be prepared in that event thanks to the hard work of Congressmen F
ORTEN -
BERRY and B ACON . So, overall, Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill to help us reduce the deficit, keep our fiscal house in order, while properly funding those programs like CHIP that were so important to so many of us who did vote for it. I am glad that my colleagues who voted against it are now realizing it is an im-portant program. Maybe they will sup-port it next time. But, in the meantime, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for this bill, and then I further encourage the Sen-ate to take this bill up quickly because it only requires 51 votes to pass, not 60. I would urge full passage. Let’s get this on the President’s desk. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. But the gentleman hasn’t told us that the money they take from CHIP is not going into programs for children. It is going back to the Treasury, so we will take a look at cuts to Head Start, maternal child health programs, child-hood immunization, newborn screen-ing, child lead poisoning prevention, and many others. Tell the whole story. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking member of the Ap-propriations Committee. b1430 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, it is out-rageous that we are beginning this ap-propriations season by debating Presi-dent Trump’s rescissions bill, which fails the American people, hurts chil-dren and families, and injects needless partisanship into Congress’ important appropriations work. First and foremost, this bill fails the American people by eliminating fund-ing for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Just months after exploding annual deficits, to the tune of $1.5 tril-lion, and lavishing massive tax breaks to big corporations with their tax scam, Republicans are now proposing to make children and families pay with a $7 billion cut from CHIP. Targeting CHIP for a rescission pre-vents Congress from reinvesting in other priorities like child and maternal health, early childhood education, bio-medical research, and our community health centers. Additionally, the nearly $15 billion in rescissions cut numerous efforts to cre-ate jobs, grow our economy, and strengthen our communities. It cuts funding for the Economic Development Administration and for community de-velopment financial institutions, both of which create jobs in rural areas and distressed communities. Treasury was prepared to announce 114 awards from CDFI’s Bank Enter-prise Award Program. This isn’t mere-ly spring cleaning by sweeping old funding up under the rug that would never be spent; it is taking invest-ments away from local communities. It slashes billions of dollars from Federal loan programs that foster innovation and create clean-energy jobs. Eight projects are in the pipeline through the Advanced Technology Ve-hicles Manufacturing Loan Program, two of which would create 2,400 manu-facturing jobs and an $890 million in-vestment in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. The Republican raw deal would rescind these funds and prevent economic growth. I am also profoundly disappointed that Republicans are willing to bring forward legislation that undermines 2 years of bipartisan spending agree-ments. This bill includes cuts to fund-ing that was appropriated under the fiscal year 2017 omnibus, which was ne-gotiated just over a year ago. And it reneges on the bipartisan budget agree-ment from February by further re-stricting CHIP amounts that could be reinvested in future years. Upending bipartisan agreements poisons the well and makes future negotiations more difficult. Finally, I must express my strong ob-jection to the rushed process by which Republicans have considered this re-scissions bill. The White House sub-mitted its final version of the rescis-sions bill less than 48 hours ago. We have had no hearings, no markups, or even any debate at all on this bill in the Appropriations Committee, and we are considering it with no opportunity to debate the merits of each of these rescissions on their own. Mr. Speaker, this is not regular order, and, frankly, it is no way to make such a consequential decision. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from New York. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, instead of rubber-stamping President Trump’s re-scissions package, Congress should con-duct rigorous oversight to determine why the Trump-Pence administration has not spent these funds, even as they misspend tax dollars on first-class flights, fountain pens, and luxury din-ing sets. Spending cuts that hurt American families should be carefully considered, not rushed through to score political points or help the majority’s whip count on other bills. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ), the chairman of the Appro-priations Subcommittee on Defense. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unneces-sary Programs Act. We must always be careful stewards of the taxpayers’ hard-earned money. That is why I was proud to sign on as an original cosponsor of President Trump’s rescission package. As a senior member of the House Ap-propriations Committee, I understand more than most that President Trump’s proposal rescinding nearly $15 billion is necessary. It is common sense that money sit-ting in Federal coffers and not being spent should be returned to the Treas-ury. This bill is a welcome step to cut wasteful spending and will restore fis-cal sanity to Washington. Importantly, the rescissions package on the floor today no longer rescinds Ebola funding. Sadly, that horrible dis-ease has recently returned to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It also no longer rescinds funding for Hur-ricane Sandy victims. I hope the Senate will pass this bill as soon as possible so that the Presi-dent can sign these historic spending cuts into law. I urge all Members to support this commonsense proposal. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. B
ISHOP ), the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the proposed rescission package, the so-called Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. I do not think these are unnecessary programs. They are vital programs, and our rural communities all across America rely upon them. For example, the administration is proposing a rescission of $37 million to the Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Pro-gram at USDA. This program provides funding for clean and reliable drinking water systems, sanitary sewage dis-posal, sanitary solid waste disposal, and stormwater drainage to households and businesses in rural areas. With all due respect, that does not seem unnecessary to me. In fact, we in Congress provided a special appropria-tion of $500 million for this program in fiscal year 2017, in addition to regular program funds, to begin to address the backlog in this program. Even after the 2017 bill was enacted, the National Rural Water Association estimated there was a remaining back-log of more than $2 billion. This rescis-sion will only push us back down the hill in our efforts to address the needs for clean water and wastewater dis-posal in rural areas. This package also takes away nearly $15 million from the Value-Added Agri-cultural Product Market Development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.048 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4875 June 7, 2018 
Grant program; $40 million from the Rural Housing Service rental assist-ance program; $14.7 million from the Rural Cooperative Development Grant program; and $147 million from the Farm and Ranch Lands Protection Pro-gram. And that just names a few. There are even more cuts across agri-culture, rural development, energy, and conservation programs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Georgia. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, in total, the rescission is more than $15 billion. I cannot emphasize enough how much this bill will hurt our farmers, our ranchers, and all those who live in rural America. I ask my colleagues to join me in standing up for rural communities by rejecting this unconscionable rescis-sion bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE), the chairman of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies Subcommittee on Ap-propriations. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding. Originally, I have to say, I was skep-tical when the administration raised the idea of rescissions, not because I am against saving money—I think we need to do a lot more of that around here—but because I thought this might undo the bipartisan agreement that the administration and our leadership had negotiated. Frankly, this bill does nothing of the kind. And I want to compliment the President and OMB Director Mick Mulvaney, our former colleague, for using a tool that has not been used in 20 years. They did the right thing. They did it in the right way. This is the largest rescission package ever in the history of Congress. It will save almost $15 billion. But where are those savings coming from? They are coming from funds that we, frankly, didn’t use or we overappropriated. My friends talk a lot about CHIP. The authorization for $5 billion of that money ran out. You can’t even legally spend it. Why would you leave it in the account? Another $2 billion is taken from an account for when States go beyond their spending limits. We have never spent more than $350 million of that money, and we actually left $500 mil-lion in the account. Why not reclaim the savings and return them to the Treasury? You can go on and on. There was $4.3 billion for the Ad-vanced Technology Vehicles Manufac-turing Loan Program that nobody has applied for or has not been used since 2011. Again, there is example after exam-ple. It is a wise thing to reclaim unused money and spending authority and re-turn it to the Treasury of the United States. I am very proud to cosponsor the leg-islation. I am very supportive of it and would urge its passage. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN), the ranking member of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. I have a lot of respect for my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle. I do wonder sometimes if we are living in the same country, because when I look at a package like this, I look at the general philosophy over the course of the last year and a half, with the tax cuts that will at the end of the day cost our country $2.3 trillion—that money we are borrowing. And we are going to borrow a lot of that money from China, Mr. Speaker. And they are going to get interest on that money, and China is reinvesting back into their country. They are building islands in the South China Sea. They are building bases in Africa. They are making investments in wind, solar, battery-powered cars, AI, addi-tive manufacturing. They are moving and shaking around the globe. And we gave a $2.3 trillion tax cut, which we saw just last month $200 bil-lion of it went for stock buybacks. Apple got it, put $100 billion back into stock buybacks. Who is investing in this country now? That is the main issue that we are talking about—yes, battery-powered cars; yes, Economic Development Ad-ministration; yes, rural issues that the gentleman from Georgia just talked about. College costs are going up. We need more STEM people graduating from our colleges. We are not a healthy country. And in this bill we are going to take kids off of their healthcare, dis-investment in economic development. And our country is getting left behind the global economy. You could talk about low unemploy-ment all you want. The anxiety level in our country has not gone down. You could talk about the stock market all you want. Sixty-six percent of the peo-ple in this country make less than $40,000 a year. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Ohio. Mr. RYAN of OHIO. Mr. Speaker, we have 50-some percent of the people in this country who can’t withstand a $500 emergency. Our pension system is collapsing. Our financial aid system is collapsing. We have got to make a decision to re-invest back in this country. And the Republican leadership here is disinvesting in the United States. We are seeing it with the stock buybacks, we are seeing it with the tax cut, and now we are seeing it with the rescis-sions package. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), the chairman of the Financial Services and General Government Sub-committee on Appropriations. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank the majority lead-er, Mr. M
CCARTHY , for his leadership in shepherding the largest spending-cut package through the House on behalf of President Trump. b1445 This is a remarkable package. Getting back to the topic at hand, this is about taking back money, or re-scinding money, that will not be spent, $15 billion of unnecessary spending. This is an important step to getting our fiscal house in order. Now, I note that every dollar in this package either can’t or won’t be spent at all. Regardless of what you might hear from the other side of the aisle, this is money that just will not be spent for the purposes for which it was originally budgeted. Now, when I think about where we are today and I think about this pack-age and I hear the arguments that just preceded mine, I don’t understand why they wouldn’t support saving some ad-ditional money and putting a downpay-ment here on our deficit. For example, this bill cuts $4.3 billion from the Advanced Technology Vehi-cles Manufacturing Loan Program, which has only made five loans—that is five—since 2007 and has been untouched since 2011. That is 7 years ago. It is a dormant fund with $4 billion in it, but the other side rejects taking that back and using it elsewhere. This is just good government; re-scinding these funds is good govern-ment. And it is a signal to the Amer-ican people that President Trump and congressional Republicans are serious about getting our house in order and protecting our kids and our grandkids from this unsustainable and out-of-con-trol national debt. To that point, another step we are taking with the President’s example in leadership here today is a fund we have created in the Financial Services bill, in which I chair. It is a fund for Amer-ica’s kids and grandkids, and we are putting additional savings in it. We have put $585 million into this fund. It is a 2
1⁄2percent cut from our spending level. We are sending a signal to the Amer-ican people that just because we can spend it doesn’t mean we have to spend it. So, today, here, with this $15 billion and what we are doing here in the next couple of weeks, I look forward to get-ting my bill across as well and con-tinuing on the progress we have here today. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), who is the Demo-cratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, first, let me say I heard the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.050 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4876 June 7, 2018 
Georgia’s argument that this money wasn’t needed. I heard that argument a month ago; Ebola money was not need-ed. Guess what? Ebola money was need-ed. I rise in opposition to this rescission bill, Mr. Speaker, which I think is a sham, period. It is a shameless attempt by the majority to gloss over the tre-mendous deficits that have been in-curred by its tax law. Republicans are hoping they can fool the American people with a pretense of phony fiscal responsibility, but the American people can see right through it. They can see more than $1 trillion a year in deficits for the next decade and a future for our children and grand-children mired in debt. And for what? To give tax breaks to the wealthiest while raising taxes on many in the middle class. We have before us, Mr. Speaker, a bill that the majority hopes will make it appear fiscally responsible. But the CBO says it would just save over $1 bil-lion. Now, that is a lot of money, but guess what? In the next bill, without any committee hearing, the majority has added $1 billion. So they have al-ready spent their savings of outlays of $1 billion. The CBO says that it would save just over that amount, compared to the $1.8 trillion deficits that Republicans in-curred with their tax laws. I wonder if the majority intends to bring another 1,800 bills to this floor just like this one, because that is what it would take to make up for the tax bill they passed without a single hearing and without any citizens having the opportunity to testify. In fact, this bill rescinds less funding than Republicans just added, as I just said, to their Military Construction bill without a single vote being cast in the full Appropriations Committee, Mr. Speaker. But this bill is also dangerous and ir-responsible for another reason. It is based on the glib assertion that these funds will never be used and no one will be hurt if they are taken away. But we have already seen that to be a false promise. The previous package, as I just said, cut funding to combat Ebola. I was told by the majority leader that we don’t need those funds, which Republicans, however, now admit is very necessary to protect public health. The same goes for children’s health, I would suggest to you. Just because we haven’t used these funds yet does not mean they won’t be needed. It is a con-tingency to make sure that children aren’t left out in the cold. Oppose this rescission package. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
OMACK ), who is the chairman of the Budget Com-mittee. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this commonsense request from President Trump to responsibly rein in wasteful government spending. While the budgetary rescissions tool has not been utilized by the White House for some time, the President’s decision to use this approach today should be commended. It importantly sheds light on the need for fiscal re-sponsibility. The amount of this pro-posed rescission should also help us scale the challenge that is before us. Today, Mr. Speaker, the Nation’s debt is in excess of $21 trillion. And that is not a stagnant figure; it is rap-idly growing. It has grown in the short time that I have been at this micro-phone. This process helps us in Con-gress confront wasteful spending and draw back unspent funds on the discre-tionary side of our budget. However, in order to slow down spending and actually have a chance at paying down any debt, we have to ac-knowledge what is actually driving the majority of this spending. For years, Mr. Speaker, spending on mandatory programs has been on auto-pilot. It grows unchecked every year. Unsurprisingly, mandatory spending, including interest on the national debt, comprises the largest share of Federal spending. It might surprise a lot of people who listen to this program or read these re-marks that, in the pie of Federal spending, mandatory spending ac-counts for 70 percent of that amount. Without reform, in the next 10 years, it will grow to nearly 80 percent of all Federal spending. Make no mistake, Mr. Speaker: There is a critical need for mandatory programs and the benefits they provide for vulnerable people. But unless we come up with real solutions, safety net programs like Social Security and Medicare will cease to exist. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Arkansas an additional 30 seconds. Mr. WOMACK. So programs like So-cial Security and Medicare that people rely on now and those that they will rely on in the future will see those ben-efits quickly dwindle, CBO says, as early as 2026. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this modest effort on the dis-cretionary side, but I caution that a sustainable and prosperous fiscal fu-ture is contingent on addressing the mandatory side of spending. The longer Congress takes, the more difficult those decisions will be. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), who is the ranking member of the Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 3 today, particularly be-cause it is incredibly deceptive. The Trump-GOP rescissions measure man-ages to have Republicans bundle their most damaging and misguided budget priorities into one badly flawed bill. For starters, the deception includes the ludicrous notion that all the money that is being repealed and pulled back wouldn’t be used other-wise. This bill eliminates billions of dol-lars in funding for children’s health in-surance, which will prevent Congress from making smart, compassionate re-investments in biomedical research and other child and maternal commu-nity health programs, which we could do if this bill were not here on the floor being forced down our throats. What is worse is this bill cuts job cre-ation funds while millions of families in rural and distressed communities struggle to make ends meet. But this reckless rescission stunt doesn’t stop there. It includes addi-tional cuts to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation and cuts badly needed funds for rural water pro-grams. Just to prove that no sector is spared, it also cuts transportation im-provements in rural Appalachia and national and community service pro-grams, as well as funding for energy ef-ficiency and advanced technology loan programs that we know are surefire job creators. Neglecting these health, en-ergy, and job needs is a policy failure on all fronts. This rescissions bill ignores families struggling to put food on the table to-night. It neglects to make smart rein-vestments that would benefit workers and taxpayers in the coming months and years ahead. And it shamelessly pretends to put this Nation’s fiscal house in order, while still leaving fu-ture generations saddled with crushing debt. It is rich that Republicans are sug-gesting that they are protectors of our deficit when they pushed through into law a tax scam bill that added more than $1.5 trillion to our annual deficits and that gives massive handouts to corporations and the wealthy. Budgets are a financial expression of our values, and this Trump rescissions bill just confirms that Republicans care more about the wealthiest among us while the rest of America must fend for itself. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), who is the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I was in small business for 21 years. My wife and I were small-business owners and operators and had to meet a bottom line and pay the bills and all. I know our Speaker was in the accounting world. To me, this is basic accounting and a small business sort of set of prin-ciples. You have money there that can’t be spent because it is no longer authorized to be spent. Much of it is being just ac-cumulated. And then somebody comes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.051 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4877 June 7, 2018 
in the backdoor and maybe tries to grab a little here and there and spend it on things it is not authorized for or whatever. But the long and the short of it is that I can speak specifically to the Children’s Health Insurance Program, because I have been a big advocate for it. I have voted for it every time it has been up. As chairman of the Energy and Com-merce Committee, I led the effort to not only fully fund children’s health insurance for 5 years, but then we were able to do it for 6 years. And, at the end, the package that was sent down to President Trump that he signed into law fully funded children’s health in-surance for 10 years. That is double the length of time that had ever been done before. In my own State, that is 122,700 chil-dren and moms who are going to get coverage for health insurance. There is now certainty in this program, more than in its entire history—double the certainty. So that resulted in some funds that were left behind that have been used when we get up against these cliffs and States maybe had overpayments here or there. They needed all this sort of emergency funding, and then there were some other programs, none of which is needed now because we brought certainty to the Children’s Health Insurance Program, the longest extension in its history—10 years. So the authority to use some of these funds expired last year. The authority expired last year. You can’t spend it. The remainder of these funds simply aren’t necessary, and they sit unused in a contingency fund that has an ample balance. There has been a question about would this affect enrollment, would this affect beneficiaries. We asked the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Of-fice that question, and they said, ‘‘CBO estimates that rescinding the unobli-gated balances would reduce the budget authority by $7 billion but would not affect outlays or the number of individ-uals with insurance coverage.’’ They also say that it does not affect what happens with the States. That is because we did our work. We did our work. Republicans led on this issue time and again. And it is now law. So the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram is fully funded, and kids will have access to insurance and other coverage that extends 10 years. So what we are doing here is taking surplus money that can’t be spent on these programs anymore and is not au-thorized to be spent on these programs anymore and applying it toward deficit reduction. The lifeline remains strong under this rescissions program. This is just good business practices, and I think it is really important to do. By the way, the other Republican proposals we have passed in this House have resulted in one of the strongest economies in modern history and 1 mil-lion new jobs since the tax cuts took effect. Mr. Speaker, this is a good process. This is fiscally responsible. I urge pas-sage. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. P
OCAN ), who is a member of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on the cuts to programs for working families that House Repub-licans seek to pass today. Earlier this year, Congress did some-thing responsible when it rejected President Trump’s budget request to make devastating cuts to programs on which many Americans rely. Congress came together to make an investment in American communities and solve some pressing issues with an agree-ment by Democrats and Republicans. However, these cuts today suddenly go back on that agreement, with a re-scissions package that will hurt work-ing families—all because they are say-ing that government is spending too much money. Republicans caused that problem last year when they were grossly irrespon-sible and passed the GOP tax scam, a multitrillion-dollar giveaway to their donors, billionaires, and big corpora-tions that they falsely sold as middle- class tax relief. The majority’s decision to blow a hole in the deficit and balloon our Na-tion’s debt did very little to benefit working families, with 83 percent of the benefits going to the top 1 percent. b1500 The Republican rescissions package will hurt the American people and make $7 billion in cuts to children’s health insurance, $800 million in cuts to the Center for Medicare and Med-icaid Innovation, and $40 million to rural housing programs, just to name a few. While GOP donors, millionaires, bil-lionaires, big corporations, and mem-bers of Mar-a-Lago still get their gift of tax cuts in the GOP tax scam, Re-publicans are committed to taking away what little they gave hard-working American families. That is ap-parently the priority of the majority Republican Party today. With actions like this, they will likely be the minor-ity party of tomorrow. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the major-ity leader of the House. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. We are approaching the end of spring, but there is still enough time for a good spring cleaning. For families, that may mean doing yard work, cleaning out a closet, or maybe even giving un-used items to charity. For Congress, it means tackling long-overdue budg-etary spring cleaning. There are billions and billions of tax-payer dollars originally set up to fund different programs and projects that cannot or will not be used for their in-tended purpose. Tonight, the House will do something about it. We will take a first step in cleaning up the Federal Government’s accounts by vot-ing on the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. We aren’t talking about taking spare change here. We are talking about something more than just that. To-night, we have the opportunity to re-turn $15 billion, with a B, to the Treas-ury. As Members, we are charged with being good stewards of taxpayer money. Mr. Speaker, it is a responsi-bility we all have and claimed on this floor many times. It shouldn’t be a par-tisan exercise. Historically, it hasn’t been. Mr. Speaker, you can look at many Members who have been here for quite some time. Congress accepted 214 of Ronald Reagan’s rescissions. The ma-jority party on the floor was different than it is today. It accepted 111 of Bill Clinton’s rescissions. President Trump’s spending cut re-quest is a straightforward and smart way to trim a bloated Federal budget. So, where do these savings come from, I know many of you might ask. Have you ever heard of the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program? It is an Obama-era sub-sidy program to green-car companies like Fisker Automotive, which de-faulted on its $192 million loan. Just think Solyndra, but for luxury cars. This failed subsidy program hasn’t issued a loan since 2011. Mr. Speaker, that is 7 years ago. Yet, it has $4.33 bil-lion sitting unused in an account. Can any Member think of a good rea-son why that money should continue sitting in that account, where it can-not and will not be used or just be wasted on another non-related govern-ment program? I would really love to hear the rea-son, but I doubt one will be coming. So, what else does this bill clean up? It also brings back expired funds from CHIP. Before anyone claims Re-publicans are cutting CHIP funding, which is children’s health insurance, Mr. Speaker, we debated this on the floor many times this year where one side of the aisle, the majority, passed it. Not only did they pass it while the other side in the minority, Mr. Speak-er, voted against it, we passed it and made history. How did we make history? We signed the longest reauthoriza-tion of CHIP, guaranteeing its funding for 10 years, a full decade. A full dec-ade, Mr. Speaker, Members of this floor had the opportunity to vote for it. Un-fortunately, it wasn’t one time, Mr. Speaker, that the other side voted no, and it wasn’t just two times. But, thankfully, Mr. Speaker, for all the children across America that use this program, Republicans were able to reauthorize it for 10 years—a decade— the longest ever. Republicans have made sure that CHIP isn’t going any-where. We have removed any uncer-tainty about the stability of the fund-ing of that program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.052 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4878 June 7, 2018 
The funds we are rescinding tonight were appropriated long ago and will not be used for their intended purpose now. In fact, Mr. Speaker, Democrats voted to rescind those exact CHIP funds just 2 months ago. They know they can’t be used for their intended purpose. I would like to remind my colleagues that the minority whip said he would not oppose ‘‘money laying in an ac-count that has not been spent for 1, 2, 3 years.’’ He even called it ‘‘a reason-able thing to do.’’ So instead of partisan rhetoric and doomsday speeches, let’s see this bill for what it really is: a smart approach to cleaning up unused accounts in the Federal budget, which has been done many times before under President Clinton and President Reagan. Before tonight’s vote, each and every Member of the House should consider this question: If this body cannot be trusted to reclaim money that will not or cannot be used for its intended pur-pose, can we really be trusted to save money anywhere else? Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD letters of opposi-tion from First Focus Campaign for Children, the National Sustainable Ag-riculture Coalition, Committee for Education Funding, National Housing Conference, Service Employees Inter-national Union, faith organizations, and other national organizations. 
FIRST FOCUS CAMPAIGN FOR CHILDREN , Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : I am writing on be-half of First Focus Campaign for Children, a bipartisan national organization dedicated to improving the health and well-being of our nation’s children, to express our strong opposition to H.R. 3, the so-called ‘‘Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act.’’ Unfortunately, the proposed rescission of $15 billion in spending authority included in H.R. 3 targets children in about half of all the cuts. Moreover, of all the thousands of programs in hundreds of departments and agencies across the federal government, the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), which just went through a nearly two-year reauthorization process that was finally passed more than four months past its expi-ration date, is targeted for more than $7 bil-lion of the proposed cuts. Over the two-decade history of CHIP, it has—in tandem with Medicaid and private health insurance—cut the uninsured rate for children by more than two-thirds. During this recent reauthorization process, a na-tionwide poll conducted by the Kaiser Fam-ily Foundation found that 88 percent of Americans felt that Congress should make the extension of CHIP funding a top priority. The program has always had strong bipar-tisan support, as it did this year. CHIP is financed as a block grant, which means that its funding is arbitrarily capped and fails to adjust to changes in unforeseen or unanticipated need, such as economic re-cessions, epidemics, changes in funding to the program to improve access to care, or natural disasters. Consequently, in the early years of CHIP, the program faced some dif-ficult moments whereby some states im-posed waiting lists and enrollment freezes when federal funding failed to meet the needs of children. Those indefinite waiting lists and enrollment freezes were imposed without regard to disability or need, includ-ing children with cancer, cystic fibrosis, se-vere asthma, and other life-threatening or severe conditions. In recognition of the fact that waiting pe-riods and enrollment freezes were threat-ening the lives and well-being of children, Congress revamped CHIP’s financing in a number of ways, including the creation of CHIP’s Child Enrollment Contingency Fund in 2009. The CHIP contingency fund is set at 20 percent of overall CHIP spending and acts as a critically important backstop that pro-tects against unforeseen or unanticipated federal funding shortfalls that threaten the health of children. During the lengthy two-year most recent bipartisan reauthorization of CHIP that cul-minated in a six-year extension and a subse-quent addition of four more years for a total of 10 years, there was no discussion or debate about changing the CHIP Child Enrollment Contingency Fund, as it has worked to pro-tect the health of children. And yet, the Ad-ministration is now proposing and Congress is considering H.R. 3, which would slash the CHIP contingency fund by $1.9 billion, or nearly 80 percent, and undermine its very purpose. In making this proposal that targets CHIP for the bulk of its proposed cuts, the Admin-istration argues that the contingency fund ‘‘will likely not be spent’’ and points to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) score that the cut doesn’t save any money as confirma-tion that it probably won’t be harmful to children. And yet, during the lengthy CHIP reauthorization process, the Administration never proposed slashing the Child Enroll-ment Contingency Fund from 20 percent of the allotments to just 3–4 percent, as the re-scission would do. Even worse, the proposed rescission of the contingency fund fundamentally fails to un-derstand the very purpose of a contingency that, by definition, is ‘‘a future event or cir-cumstance that is possible but cannot be pre-dicted with certainty.’’ Neither the Adminis-tration nor CBO can guarantee that there will not be an economic recession, a health epidemic like Zika, or a natural disaster, which are all more likely during the forth-coming summer months. In fact, CBO doesn’t ‘‘score’’ such events for that very reason. As a result, the proposed rescission or raid of the CHIP contingency fund by $1.9 billion, or 80 percent, undermines the very reason for the fund, which is to protect the health cov-erage of children against unanticipated or unforeseen circumstances, such as hurri-canes, tornadoes, or even Hawaii’s currently unanticipated erupting volcano. Another critically important point to make is that the proposed rescission to the CHIP Child Enrollment Contingency Fund would not save money. The contingency fund is set at 20 percent of the overall CHIP allot-ment each year, so any money raided from the fund this year is automatically restored in the following year. In other words, over a two-year period, this proposed rescission would not save a single penny because any money raided from the contingency fund this year would be restored in the following year. Consequently, the only effect of the pro-posed $1.9 billion rescission the CHIP contin-gency fund would be to needlessly put the health and well-being of our nation’s chil-dren at risk. In other words, H.R. 3 unneces-sarily gambles with the health of our chil-dren under the guise that there probably won’t be unanticipated or unforeseen events that might cause a state or states to need to tap into the contingency fund. It is also important to point out that the CHIP extensions, including the CHIP contin-gency fund, that were passed just a few months ago were fully paid for. In fact, ac-cording to CBO, the CHIP reauthorization saved billions of dollars. Therefore, CHIP should not be the target of a rescission pack-age, and yet, it shockingly accounts for 46 percent or almost half of all the proposed re-ductions in H.R. 3. For these reasons, we stand with more than 500 other national, state, and local or-ganizations from across the country that wrote a letter to Congress in opposition to the CHIP cuts proposed in H.R. 3. As the let-ter reads, ‘‘The nine million children and families who depend on CHIP have already faced months of uncertainty, when its fund-ing expired before Congress took long-over-due action to extend CHIP funding for ten years. After breathing a short sigh of relief, however, the long-term stability and protec-tion these families fought to ensure is once again in jeopardy. Our organizations urge you to protect children and families, and to reject any proposed cuts to the Children’s Health Insurance Program.’’ Sincerely, BRUCE LESLEY , President. 
OPPOSE ATTEMPT TO RAID THE FARMBILL T
HROUGH RESCISSIONS  D
EARCHRISTIAN : With the introduction of rescission legislation in both the House and Senate, the National Sustainable Agri-culture Coalition (NSAC) urges your office to oppose any effort to bring rescission legis-lation to a vote, and to vote no if such a vote occurs. If the rescission package were to become law it would devastate farm bill conserva-tion and rural development programs. The package, as proposed, would eliminate pre-viously appropriated funding for the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program and cut over $650 million from farm bill con-servation programs. The rescissions proposal would strip fund-ing from three different conservation assist-ance areas: the Environmental Quality In-centives Program (EQIP), Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP), and emergency watershed and flood protection programs, preventing USDA from entering into contracts to sup-port farmer conservation efforts. Cuts to these programs would mean fewer voluntary conservation opportunities for farmers and ranchers who are seeking to improve their operations and be stewards of the land. Farm, conservation, and wildlife organiza-tions across the country voiced strong oppo-sition to the proposed conservation cuts. The proposal to eliminate $15 million from the VAPG program would mean that USDA is able to fund just a fraction of the 379 cur-rently pending applications for business planning and development grants. A recent Economic Research Service report found that VAPG is facilitating job creation and long-term business survivability in rural America. Cuts to the program would mean less economic growth and fewer enterprise development opportunities for farmers and ranchers around the country. For more information on how farmers and rural communities would be impacted by this rescission package, please see our recent blog on the topic. Sincerely, G
REGFOGEL , Policy Director, National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.054 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4879 June 7, 2018 
COMMITTEE FOR  E
DUCATION FUNDING , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. R
ICHARD SHELBY , Chairman, Senate Appropriations Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. R
ODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , Chairman, House Appropriations Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMEN SHELBY AND FRELING -
HUYSEN : On behalf of the 110 national edu-cation organizations and institutions that are members of the Committee for Education Funding (CEF), we write to urge you to re-ject the Administration’s proposal to rescind $15.4 billion that Congress has already ap-proved. The rescission package will cut $7 billion that would otherwise be available for education programs and other services fund-ed through the Labor-HHS-Education appro-priations bill for fiscal year 2019. The rescis-sion package also rescinds funding for edu-cational awards for AmeriCorps volunteers who have completed their terms of service. CEF is also very concerned that the Admin-istration has announced its intention to sub-mit additional proposals to rescind funding Congress just enacted for fiscal year 2018, un-dermining bipartisan support to make and keep its agreement to raise the level of non- defense discretionary funding. 
Congress and the Administration ap-proved increases in the spending caps for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 with the understanding of the needs facing the nation and with the intention to use the available resources to meet them. Congress regularly rescinds funding that is not ultimately needed for the programs it has enacted, and then rein-vests the savings in other programs serving similar needs in the same fund-ing bill. Enacting large rescissions out-side of the regular appropriations proc-ess—one that is well underway already for fiscal year 2019—not only reduces the resources available to appropri-ators but also reduces flexibility to re-program funding as needed. CEF, the nation’s oldest and largest education coalition, is a non-partisan organization reflecting the entire con-tinuum of the education community. Our long-term ‘‘5¢ Makes Sense’’ cam-paign supports the goal of increasing education investments from the cur-rent two percent of the federal budget to five cents on the federal dollar. CEF urges Congress to reject proposals to rescind funding provided through bi-partisan negotiations, and to instead continue efforts to wisely invest re-sources where they are most needed, including for education programs, which are still below the fiscal year 2011 level when adjusted for inflation. 
Sincerely, J
EFFCARTER , President. S
HERYL COHEN , Executive Director. NATIONAL HOUSING CONFERENCE , Washington, DC, May 21, 2018. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , M I-
NORITY LEADER SCHUMER , SPEAKER RYAN AND  M
INORITY LEADER PELOSI : The National Housing Conference and the undersigned or-ganizations write to you to express our strong opposition to the rescission proposal from the White House and Office of Manage-ment and Budget (OMB). The package re-quests over $234 million in rescissions from housing and community development pro-grams including the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s (HUD) Public Housing Capital Fund, the U.S. De-partment of the Treasury’s (Treasury) Cap-ital Magnet Fund and the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) Rental Assistance program and Rural Community Facilities program. According to a recent HUD study, the pub-lic housing capital backlog reached $26 bil-lion in 2010 and has grown by approximately $3.4 billion per year. Assuming a continued growth of $3.4 billion per year, the current estimated capital backlog is over $50 billion. Public housing capital funds are awarded slowly as contracts are negotiated and work is completed. Public housing agencies are able to save their capital funds over three years in order to pay for more expensive projects like new roofs that they would oth-erwise not be able to afford from a single year’s allocation. The rescission would also impact funding for Resident Opportunities and Self-Sufficiency grants and the Jobs- Plus grants, including a complete elimi-nation of all Jobs-Plus grants for FY 2017. These are critical grant programs that allow residents of public housing to work toward increased self-sufficiency, something in which the administration has expressed great interest. Rescinding over $31 million from a program with such dire needs jeopard-izes the initial investment made by tax-payers to build public housing as well as the residents who live in public housing. Ulti-mately, it is ‘‘penny-wise, pound-foolish.’’ Treasury’s Capital Magnet Fund has a proven track record of success. The 2010 awardees of the Capital Magnet Fund lever-aged over $20 for every $1 of public funding to create more than 13,300 affordable homes, far beyond the required 10.1 leverage ratio. The Capital Magnet Fund is funded through a fee assessed on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac business, not taxpayer dollars. The $151 mil-lion proposed for rescission was only made available to the Treasury on May 1, 2018, and will most likely be spent before the end of the calendar year, providing it is not re-scinded. The Capital Magnet Fund has cre-ated thousands of jobs and provides much- needed affordable housing throughout the country. USDA’s Rental Assistance and Rural Com-munity Facilities programs provide access to housing and essential community facilities such as police stations and medical clinics. Combined, the administration proposes re-scinding $31 million from these accounts. Through a public-private partnership with landlords, USDA’s rental assistance funding ensures that low-income renters in rural America have access to an affordable home. The FY 2017 spending bill specifically appro-priated $40 million to be spent in FY 2018. The patchwork of continuing resolutions that Congress has passed to fund the federal government has made it difficult for USDA to renew contracts with private landlords in the rental assistance program. In response, Congress has decided to future fund the ac-count to help alleviate the contract renewal process. OMB cites the fact that as of the be-ginning of FY 2018 on October 1, 2017, there was $40 million left in the account. It is pre-mature, at best to determine as of October 1, 2017, that those funds have gone unspent and are therefore unneeded. The proposed rescissions will do little to reduce the national debt while doing signifi-cant damage to people and communities throughout America. We ask that you reject the proposed rescissions from these programs and to do so in a timely manner so that the agencies can continue to manage their budg-ets responsibly. If Congress does not vote to reject the rescissions, these accounts will be frozen for 45 legislative days, which will cre-ate damaging disruptions well into the fall. Sincerely, AHC, Inc.; American Association of Service Coordinators; Atlanta Neighborhood Devel-opment Partnership, Inc.; Bodaken & Associ-ates; Charleston Housing Authority; Cinnaire; Citizen Potawatomi Community Development Corporation; Citizens’ Housing and Planning Association; Clarksville Hous-ing Authority, Arkansas; Coalition on Home-lessness and Housing in Ohio; Consumer Mortgage Coalition; Cook County, Illinois; County of Butler, Pennsylvania; Crowell Housing Authority, Texas; Curtis + Ginsberg Architects LLP; Dover Housing Authority, Arkansas; Economic Mobility Pathways, Inc.; Enterprise Community Partners; Habi-tat for Humanity International; Habitat for Humanity of Champaign County, Illinois. HAI Group; Housing Development Corpora-tion MidAtlantic; Housing Assistance Coun-cil; Housing Authority of Cook County, Illi-nois; Housing Authority of Indiana County, Pennsylvania; Housing Authority of St. Mary’s County, Maryland; Housing Author-ity of the City of Brownsville, Texas; Hous-ing Authority of the City of Columbia, Mis-souri; Housing Authority of the County of Beaver, Pennsylvania; Housing Authority of the County of Warren, Pennsylvania; Hous-ing Merit; Housing Partnership Network; IDP Housing, LP; Janis Smith Executive Communications, LLC; Jo Daviess County Housing Authority, Illinois; Lemle & Wolff, Inc.; Leviticus Fund; LINC Housing Corpora-tion; Local Initiatives Support Corporation; Make Room. National Affordable Housing Management Association; National Association of Afford-able Housing Lenders; National Development Council; National Housing Conference; Na-tional Housing and Rehabilitation Associa-tion; National Housing Trust; Network for Oregon Affordable Housing; New York Hous-ing Conference; New York State Rural Hous-ing Coalition, Inc.; Opportunity Finance Net-work; Pennsylvania Association of Housing & Redevelopment Agencies; Piedmont Hous-ing Alliance; Prosperity Indiana; Public And Affordable Housing Research Corporation; Public Housing Authorities Directors Asso-ciation. Philadelphia Housing Authority; Preserva-tion of Affordable Housing, Inc.; Rebuilding Together, Inc.; Redevelopment Authority of Somerset County, Pennsylvania; Rural Ul-ster Preservation Company; Seasoned Part-ners; Selfhelp Community Services; Som-erset Development Company; Springfield Housing Authority, Illinois; Stewards of Af-fordable Housing for the Future; The Com-munity Builders; University Neighborhood Housing Program; Wilkes-Barre Housing Au-thority, Pennsylvania; York Housing Au-thority, Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.014 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4880 June 7, 2018 
SEIU, Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 2 million members of the Service Employees International Union (‘‘SEIU’’), I write to op-pose H.R. 3, the legislation that would vio-late the bi-partisan funding agreement and compromise reached as part of the Bipar-tisan Budget Act of 2018. In what appears to be a continuing escalation of a war on fami-lies and children by the Administration and Congressional Republicans, H.R. 3 will result in cuts in investments in health, housing, job, and other supportive services that are vital to our communities around the coun-try. Perhaps most disturbing is that this package raids funding that could be used to provide health and other essentials for work-ing families and children in the name of so- called ‘‘fiscal responsibility,’’ even though those supporting these cuts passed a $1.5 tril-lion tax cut that mostly benefits corpora-tions and the wealthy. A significant portion of the cuts included in H.R. 3 are from the Children’s Health In-surance Program (‘‘CHIP’’), which helps kids get the healthcare they need. Some of these funds make sure that states have enough re-sources to provide care in case of emer-gencies that may create increased CHIP en-rollment; for example, natural disasters— like hurricanes, wildfires, and volcanic erup-tions—economic downturns, public health epidemics or other unexpected events. In ad-dition, the funding in question also supports investments in other services and programs that are vital to our local communities’ economies and social infrastructure. Fur-thermore, H.R. 3 eliminates $800 million from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (‘‘CMMI’’), which is tasked with developing models that improve the quality of care for Americans, undermining efforts to improve systematic efficiencies without harming patients. Unfortunately, it is not surprising that a Congress and Administration so intent on sabotaging US healthcare is now trying to use money designated for health and other supports for our communities to offset the windfall for corporations included in the tax bill. In addition, this bill breaks the agree-ment reached in the Bi-partisan Budget Act. If those in Congress cannot trust the prom-ises and agreements they make to each other and break the commitments that they make to Americans, it is no wonder that the public has such low confidence in the institution. Americans have been demanding that Con-gress work together across party lines, and after passing a landmark budget agreement with both Republican and Democratic sup-port, some have retreated to partisan-driven policy making. H.R. 3 demonstrates that the Administration and congressional leadership are unable to negotiate in good faith, put-ting at risk future deal making and poten-tially bringing our legislative system to a standstill at the expense of our futures. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose H.R. 3. We may add votes on this legislation to our legislative scorecard. Sincerely, J
OHNGRAY, Legislative Director. 
JUNE6, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE DELAURO : We, the undersigned 18 organizations, representing various religious denominations, urge you to vote NO on H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Ex-pired and Unnecessary Programs Act. As currently written, this measure contains a harmful provision that would rescind $7 bil-lion in funding for the Children’s Health In-surance Program (‘‘CHIP’’). As people of faith we believe that healthcare is a human right and that care for children is a sacred responsibility. If enacted, this rescission to CHIP would threaten the health and well- being of the 9 million children who utilize the program every year. We are especially concerned with the $2 billion in cut, to the CHIP contingency fund. This fund has consistently been used in times of economic downturn, natural dis-aster, and other uncertain times to ensure that children can have access to healthcare. More recently, the fund was used when Con-gress was unable to pass a CHIP funding bill before individual state funding for the pro-gram ran out. If this fund was not available during the reauthorization process last year, thousands of children would have lost healthcare while Congress failed to act. Con-gress should not take away this vital secu-rity measure for the health of our children. Recent Congressional action to pass a 10- year extension of CHIP was a major success for the 115th Congress, but this risky rescis-sion could undercut the program and under-mine this success. CHIP, as it is currently funded, is projected to decrease the deficit by $6 billion over 10 years. The health of our children is too important to be used as addi-tional means to pay down the deficit. It is especially relevant to protect our children from additional cuts after the passage of the tax bill provided enormous benefits to the wealthy and large corporations while adding over $1.7 trillion to the deficit. Children must not pay for the enrichment of the wealthiest in our nation. CHIP has enjoyed bipartisan support and success for more than 20 years. It has proven to be an effective investment in the health of our children and should be protected and supported. Our faith traditions teach us to protect the most vulnerable people, espe-cially children. We believe that a rescissions package that threatens to take healthcare away from children does not live up to our moral obligation. We urge you reject and refuse a vote on H.R. 3, until and unless these harmful CHIP cuts are removed. Sincerely, American Muslim Health Professionals; Congregation of Our Lady of Charity of the Good Shepherd, US Provinces; Evangelical Lutheran Church in America; Faith in Pub-lic Life; Franciscan Action Network; Hadas-sah, The Women’s Zionist Organization of America, Inc.; Interfaith Worker Justice; Na-tional Advocacy Center of the Sisters of the Good Shepherd; National Council of Church-es; National Council of Jewish Women; NET-WORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice; Poligon Education Fund; Religious Institute; Union for Reform Judaism; Unitarian Uni-versalist Association; Unitarian Universal-ists for Social Justice; Unitarian Univer-salist Women’s Federation; United Methodist Church—General Board of Church and Soci-ety. Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 6 months ago, Congress passed a tax cut that cost almost $2 trillion that overwhelmingly benefited corporations and the wealthy. Today, the Repub-licans are asking struggling children and families to foot the bill. Nearly half of the $15 billion in cuts in the Trump-GOP recessions package targets the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP. While $7 billion may be a rounding error in the corporate tax cut, eliminating this funding from CHIP will jeopardize its ability to en-sure access to healthcare for the chil-dren and families who depend on the program every year. The bill contains an 80 percent cut to the CHIP contingency fund. That is particularly shortsighted and dan-gerous. The need for healthcare assist-ance is greatest when our Nation expe-riences unexpected challenges, includ-ing recessions, public health emer-gencies, and national disasters. Hope-fully, that money will not be needed, but we should not be stealing from the fund that provides vital care for chil-dren and families when their commu-nities are confronted by these unfore-seen but inevitable challenges. In addition, the bill also includes cuts to the Corporation for National and Community Service, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, health infrastructure, rural water pro-grams, and many other small but im-portant programs that protect our citi-zens, create jobs, and grow the econ-omy. In an attempt to give taxpayers the illusion of fiscal responsibility, my col-leagues have once again revealed their misguided priorities. We should not be paying for the irresponsible tax cuts by making even more reckless cuts to the investments in our future. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), chair-man of the Agriculture, Rural Develop-ment, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Agriculture Sub-committee of the Committee on Appro-priations. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, it is a bit disconcerting to hear a lot of my friends on the other side of the aisle say that any funds left over in the ex-ecutive branch account should not be returned to the U.S. Treasury, which would reduce Federal borrowing; but instead, Congress should find some way to spend that money. This really, I think, is an indication of the serious problem of overspending that we have here in Washington, a problem that I think so many of our constituents sent us here to address. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Govern-ment is running an annual deficit. I think people know that. These re-peated annual deficits have combined to create a staggering national debt, which currently stands at more than $21 trillion. These deficits are not free, but costly, because of the interest our country has to pay on these borrowed dollars. Today, with this legislation, we mark a return to a legislative tool that both Republicans and Democrats alike have utilized to clean up accounts that went underutilized. The rescission tool that is being used in this legislation was commonly used in the 1970s, when it was established, all the way through the 1980s and 1990s, as a way to return unused, unobligated tax dollars to the U.S. Treasury. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.020 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4881 June 7, 2018 
To recap, the rescission bill we have before us today returns unspent dollars to the Treasury. Every dollar returned is a dollar that we don’t have to bor-row. Every dollar that does not need to be borrowed does not incur interest payments. While I understand there is no per-fect bill, this bill is an important step in restoring a measure of fiscal re-straint. I am proud to stand with the President to clean up some old ac-counts and prevent waste as well as abuse. Let me add that some of these ac-counts are worthwhile, but this is not a debate about individual accounts. This is about doing the necessary steps to clean up the executive branch’s balance sheets. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, there have been discussions about whether this line item or that line item might be something to rescind or not. To them, I would point out that we are in the middle of an appropriations proc-ess. We can work on these issues and we can address them. It doesn’t mean that they are left off the table. So I stand ready to continue to work with my colleagues as we face the chal-lenges facing this Nation as we con-tinue working on the Appropriations Committee, and I welcome the input of my colleagues as we continue on for FY 2019. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. N
EAL), the ranking mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, the majority leader said a couple of moments ago that $15 billion was spare change. Let me tell you what he apparently means by spare change. It means cut-ting food assistance for working fami-lies and taking $7 billion from the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. I guess that is spare change. The previous speaker just said he was alarmed at the prospect that on the precipice of borrowing we were now going to cut back on our borrowing ca-pacity as it relates to savings. After the same political party borrowed $2.3 trillion over 10 years to pay for a tax cut for people at the top, the strongest in America. Those are the priorities. The priority is: Let’s cut taxes for the strongest and the wealthiest. And let’s pay for it by taking money from people who need it most in America. We have seen time and again they are more focused on the needs of the wealthiest and the well-connected. We should be addressing the challenges of the middle class in this session and making sure that they have ample as-sistance. Now they are after healthcare for children. Now they want to propose $7 billion for their healthcare plan. Let’s be clear: that priority, as long as I have been in this Congress, has been taking care of the strongest and the most powerful at the very top. On January 19, 2001, when Bill Clin-ton said good-bye to the country, there was a $5.6 trillion surplus. They cut taxes by $1.3 in 2001. They cut taxes again by another $1 trillion in 2003. So there was $2.3 million worth of tax cuts, two wars, a million and half new veterans. The answer to that, of course, was: let’s have more tax cuts. That is precisely what they did with their tax cut plan. There was $2.3 tril-lion borrowed to provide for a tax cut for people at the very top. They call themselves conservatives. They pronounce that they are disciples of balanced budgets. It has been reck-less spending that we have watched them embrace time and again, and this is but another example of that endeav-or. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unneces-sary Programs Act. These spending cuts, or rescissions, address the desire by President Trump and many in Congress to begin the long overdue process of reigning in govern-ment spending. This package is impor-tant because, as an engineer, business-man, and former State treasurer, I know you can’t build a strong economy on debt and borrowed money. Spending money we don’t have on things we don’t need increases our unsustainable $21 trillion national debt and mortgages the future for our kids and grandkids. But reducing the size and scope of government isn’t about budget number, it is about returning freedom and liberty to the American people. It is also common sense. Kansas families have to live within their means. Our Federal Government should be no different. H.R. 3 is a great first step. b1515 Today’s spending cuts will save the taxpayers $15 billion, the largest rescis-sion package since the tool was adopt-ed in 1974, which comes from programs that have expired or can no longer be used. If we don’t pass this rescission bill, it is like leaving cash lying around the kitchen table, the silverware drawer, or in the corner. It may leave the money available for use, but it is a poor way to manage the taxpayers’ dol-lars. Returning the money to our treas-ury allows us to make investments in other needed areas without raising taxes or spending money we don’t have. Over the past 2 years, Republicans in Congress have jump-started our econ-omy through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and slashing government red tape and regulation. This has helped our economy reach the lowest unemploy-ment rate in nearly 20 years. However, now is the time we need to get serious about cutting spending, and today’s vote is a great first step. I look forward to passage of H.R. 3 and to identifying even more ways to cut spending, as well as reforming enti-tlements and quasi-entitlements and growing our economy in the future. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), the chair of the Democratic Caucus. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. This bill strips $7 billion from the Children’s Health Insurance Program, CHIP. Mr. Speaker, $7 billion for sick kids. It is really unbelievable if you stop and consider it. Republicans are asking children to pay for their tax break to the rich. This is just another illustration of the GOP’s convoluted priorities. Mr. Speaker, $1.5 trillion goes to corpora-tions and special interests; and when the budget comes up short, Repub-licans dip into healthcare for children to make up for their recklessness. It doesn’t have to be this way. CHIP was, for decades, a bipartisan piece of legislation because, despite any policy differences we may have or may have had, Democrats and Republicans were always able to come together and agree that CHIP is a fundamentally impor-tant program for our Nation. What changed? Where did your con-sciences go? Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans want to talk about spending. Let’s talk about the Republican tax cut. It was rigged for the rich. It gave 83 percent of the tax cuts to the wealthiest 1 per-cent. They raised taxes on 86 million middle class families. It cost $1.5 tril-lion. We have a staggering national debt. They want to reduce that deficit. Well, then why don’t they go ahead and re-scind the money from the tax give-aways to the corporations? The cor-porations are just using it to buy back stocks and not to raise any wages. What we ought to be doing is rein-vesting: create jobs; help children and families, not millionaires and billion-aires. If they wanted to do something about the CHIP program, they would have made it permanent or they would take that money and reinvest it in programs that have to do with children, not send it back to the treasury. What they ought to do is to find those resources from their rich donors and others and put them back into where they belong, to the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support H.R. 3, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.055 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4882 June 7, 2018 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member L
OWEY for yielding and for her tireless leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this shameful bill—H.R. 3—that would cut vital life-saving programs and hurt the American people. Just months after the ink is dry on our na-tion’s largest tax scam in history—Republicans are balancing their $1.5 trillion deficit on the backs of struggling families. This is a disgrace. This shameful bill eliminates funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) by $7 billion. Mr. Speaker, this bill literally steals health care from the most vulnerable children in America. H.R. 3 also deeply cuts funds for programs that create jobs, help the grow the economy, and lift more families out of poverty, like the Community Development Financial Institution. And, this bill continues Republicans’ assault on the climate change and green energy. By slashing billions of dollars from Energy Effi-ciency Programs, Republicans are not only hurting our environment, they’re also hurting our economy. I thought Republicans wanted to create jobs, Mr. Speaker? Then why are we voting on a bill that will take jobs away? Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve better. Instead of pulling the rug out from under from the most vulnerable, we should be creating jobs, boosting our economy and lifting more families out of poverty. But this bill does just the opposite. So, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘no’ on this cruel and mean-spirited bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as the founder and chair of the Congres-sional Children’s Caucus and as a mother, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3, the ‘‘Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act.’’ I oppose this legislation because it would eliminate $7 billion for chil-dren’s health insurance without allow-ing for Congress to reinvest the funds into healthcare services for families and children. I also oppose this bill because it un-dermines the Bipartisan Budget Agree-ment we only just passed last year. Instead of wasting time on their par-tisan agenda, House Republicans should be bringing to the floor legisla-tion that addresses the real challenges facing the American people such as: (1) tax reform; (2) DACA and immigration; (3) restoring the Voting Rights Act; (4) healthcare; (5) and education. Yet here we are rushing through an-other piece of legislation that will do harm to millions of Americans, mostly children and working families, without proper discussion or deliberation. It is very clear that H.R. 3 has been pushed to the floor today without de-bate in the Appropriations Committee because of all the harm it will inflict on the American people. H.R. 3 undermines our nation’s abil-ity to improve and promote health, safety and environmental standards and provide much-needed protections for the American people. But perhaps most deceitful of all are the cuts in funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, a program which plays such a critical role in our nation’s health care system. Together, CHIP and Medicaid cover 39 percent of children in the United States. This is over 9 billion children, whose lives the opposition has decided to quit investing in. When CHIP was first passed in Con-gress over two decades ago, this was a bipartisan movement that not only strengthened the ties between the par-ties, but also ensured coverage for so many lower income families who do not qualify for Medicaid. Without such a vital program, the number of children covered, and the number of treatments they would be covered for, would vastly decrease, in a most harmful and debilitating way. Not only this, but if the funds were to be rescinded, Congress could be pre-vented from reallocating those funds into early childhood education, health- related research, and other initiatives that only improve the quality of life for our constituents. Given that we have experienced mul-tiple health and safety disasters in communities across the country in re-cent years, it is the wrong time to thwart the progress of programs that are beneficial to so many Americans. It is no wonder that leading chil-dren’s organizations such as First Focus, along with 500 national, state, and local organizations across the country, are urging Congress to reject any cuts to the Children’s Health In-surance Program. The value of the contingent funding is in its ability to protect children’s health coverage in the event of unfore-seen circumstances or unexpected dis-asters, such as Hawaii’s overwhelming volcano eruption or Hurricane Harvey, which devastated the state of Texas just last year. The Administration and CBO cannot guarantee that there will not be an economic recession or health epidemic for which contingency funding would be necessary and yet they are still will-ing to gamble with our children’s lives. It is time for the Trump Administra-tion and House Republicans to abandon their crusade to balance the budget on the backs of the poor and vulnerable. We should be investing in our chil-dren’s futures, not risking their chances of having one at all. I urge my colleagues to vote NO on this reckless, irresponsible, and cruel measure. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, everyone knows that the government has a spending problem. We have a moral responsibility to take every opportunity to help right the ship. In recent years, rescissions have been used as budget gimmicks to hide higher spending in appro-priations bills. Today, the rescissions of unspent funds will instead be used for deficit reduction for the American taxpayers. At the Republican Study Committee, we have been working with the Office of Manage-ment and Budget on these spending cuts since last Fall. I am glad that those conversa-tions led to something tangible in the form of the largest rescissions package in American history. I commend President Trump, Director Mulvaney, and House Leadership for their ef-forts in developing this package and securing the votes to bring this across the finish line. True, today’s package is just a drop in the barrel of our total debt but this should be just the first of many rescissions packages. The members of the Republican Study Committee hope that this is true and that as we pass sev-eral rescissions packages, we can begin to bend the trajectory of our spending curve in the right direction. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following letters in opposition to H.R. 3: 
MAY22, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned 151 national organizations strongly urge you to reject the $15.3 billion rescissions package proposed by the Trump Administration as well as other rescissions messages that may be subsequently offered. These cuts would violate the agreement enacted in the Bipar-tisan Budget Act, by eliminating funds that make fairer levels of domestic appropria-tions possible, so that unmet needs in public health, education, job training, housing, and other essential areas may be addressed. The Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) is targeted for nearly half the cuts in the rescissions package. Nearly $2 billion of the rescinded funds could reduce CHIP’s ca-pacity to respond if enrollment unexpectedly rises, as in the aftermath of a disaster, large layoffs due to plant closures, or an overall economic slowdown. Congress just enacted a long-overdue 10-year reauthorization of CHIP; it should not undermine that bipar-tisan agreement either by tampering with CHIP in this package. Another $5 billion would renege on the two-year Bipartisan Budget Act agreement, which in part count-ed on the availability of unspent CHIP funds to pay for needed increases in other services of importance to children and families. The rescissions package also includes an $800 million cut to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, a program which according to the Congressional Budget Office will save $3 for every $1 spent between 2017 and 2026. It makes no sense to end such a cost-effective investment. Nor does it make sense to describe this package of cuts as put-ting ‘‘. . . our Nation on a sustainable fiscal path’’ when the recently enacted tax cuts, mainly for the wealthy and corporations, im-pose a $2 trillion cost. Congress made important progress in the FY 2018 Omnibus appropriations bill because its bipartisan agreement allowed for in-creases in child care, opioid treatment, and other services. Congress should now turn its attention to building on this progress in FY 2019. Reneging on the hard-won bipartisan agreement now will make further gains ex-tremely difficult. With the limited number of legislative days before you, please do not be distracted by undoing past progress. We cannot emphasize enough that basic needs programs have lost ground after years of reductions, making it extremely impor-tant that you do not undermine the agree-ment to start to reverse these downward trends. Adult and youth job training has been cut nearly 15 percent since FY 2010, ad-justed for inflation. If we are serious about helping people to get good jobs, we must undo these cuts. Many other services need rebuilding, such as home heating and cooling assistance (cut nearly 38 percent since FY 2010), juvenile justice programs (cut more than 40 percent), maternal and child health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.017 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4883 June 7, 2018 
programs (cut 14 percent), and special edu-cation funding (cut between 7–11 percent since FY 2010). In an analysis of more than 180 human needs programs, the Coalition on Human Needs found that nearly 70 percent are still at lower levels than in FY 2010. Please reject this rescissions package, and turn instead to your real responsibility: to provide adequate resource to address the unmet needs for education and training, child care, housing, health care, and other essential services. Sincerely, Action on Smoking and Health; ADAP Ad-vocacy Association; Advance CTE; African American Health Alliance; AFSCME; AIDS United; Allied Progress; American Associa-tion of People with Disabilities; American Association on Health and Disability; Amer-ican Federation of Teachers; Americans for Democratic Action (ADA); Asian Americans Advancing Justice—AAJC; Association of American Veterinary Medical Colleges; Asso-ciation of Farmworker Opportunity Pro-grams; Autism Society of America; Autistic Self Advocacy Network; Bend the Arc Jewish Action CAEAR Coalition; Campaign for Youth Justice; Center for Community Change Action; Center for Employment Op-portunities (CEO). Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP); Center for Popular Democracy Action; Cen-ter for Public Representation; Ceres Policy Research; Child Care Aware of America; Child Welfare League of America; Children’s Defense Fund; Children’s Leadership Coun-cil; Children’s Advocacy Institute; Chris-topher and Dana Reeve Foundation; Coali-tion for Health Funding; Coalition for Juve-nile Justice; Coalition on Human Needs; Community Access National Network (CANN); Congregation of Our Lady of Char-ity of the Good Shepherd, US Provinces; Council on Social Work Education; Disciples Center for Public Witness; Dominican Sis-ters Conference; Dominican Sisters of Peace; Ecumenical Poverty Initiative. Equal Rights Advocates; Evangelical Lu-theran Church in America; Every Child Mat-ters; Faith in Public Life; Families USA; Family Focused Treatment Association Food & Water Watch; Food Research & Ac-tion Center (FRAC); Forum for Youth In-vestment; Friends Committee on National Legislation; Friends of the Earth—US Girls Inc.; Grounded Solutions Network; Health Care for America Now; Healthy Teen Net-work HEAR US Inc.; Hispanic Federation; HIV Medicine Association; Holy Spirit Mis-sionary Sisters, USA–JPIC Housing Works, Inc.; International Union, United Auto-mobile, Aerospace, and Agricultural Imple-ment Workers of America, UAW; Justice in Aging; Lakeshore Foundation; Leadership Conference of Women Religious. League of Women Voters of the United States; LIFT; Main Street Alliance; Mom2Mom Global; MomsRising; NAACP; NARAL Pro-Choice America; National Ac-tion Network; National Advocacy Center of the Sisters of the Good Shepherd; National Alliance of HUD Tenants; National Associa-tion of Councils on Developmental Disabil-ities; National Association of Counsel for Children; National Association of Regional Councils; National Association of Social Workers; National Association of State Head Injury Administrators; National Association for Bilingual Education; National Black Jus-tice Coalition; National Coalition for the Homeless; National Coalition of STD Direc-tors; National Consumer Law Center (on be-half of its low income clients). National Council of Jewish Women; Na-tional Crittenton; National Disability Insti-tute; National Domestic Workers Alliance; National Education Association; National Employment Law Project; National Employ-ment Lawyers Association; National Housing Trust; National Indian Education Associa-tion; National Juvenile Justice Network; Na-tional Low Income Housing Coalition; Na-tional Network for Youth; National Network to End Domestic Violence; National Organi-zation for Women; National Urban League; National WIC Association; National Women’s Health Network; National Women’s Law Center; New Progressive Alliance; North American Passionists, JPIC; People Demand-ing Action; People For the American Way. Planned Parenthood Federation of Amer-ica; Poligon Education Fund; Provincial Council Clerics of St. Viator (Viatorians); Public Advocacy for Kids; Public Citizen; Ra-chel Carson Council; Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities Coalition; Raising Wom-en’s Voices for the Health Care We Need; RE-SULTS; Ryan White Medical Providers Coa-lition; Safer Foundation; School Social Work Association of America; Service Employees International Union; Sinsinawa Dominicans; Sisters of Charity of Nazareth Western Prov-ince Leadership; Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary; Sisters of Mercy South Central Community; SocioEnergetics Foun-dation; Somerset Development Company; SparkAction; StoptheDrugWar.org; Strate-gies for Youth, Inc. Students or Sensible Drug Policy; The Arc of the United States; The Children’s Partner-ship; The John Leary Organization; The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; The United Methodist Church—Gen-eral Board of Church and Society; Transporation Learning Center; Treatment Action Group; Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance; UnidosUS; United Church of Christ; United Methodist Women; Voices for Progress; W. Haywood Burns Institute; WildWest Insti-tute; Woodhull Freedom Foundation; Wood-stock Institute; Workplace Fairness; Young Invincibles; Youth Service America; YWCA USA; ZERO TO THREE. 
MAY21, 2018. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES SCHUMER , Minority Leader, Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , M I-
NORITY LEADER SCHUMER , SPEAKER RYAN, & M
INORITY LEADER PELOSI : On behalf of the 68 undersigned organizations, we are writing to express our opposition to the Administra-tion’s proposal in its fiscal year (FY) 2018 re-scission package to recapture $151 million in funding for the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF). We respectfully request that Congress promptly reject this rescission to enable the Community Develpment Financial Institu-tions Fund (CDFI Fund) at the Department of Treasury to distribute the next round of funding of this highly successful program as soon as possible. Organizations are deploying these funds to address the housing afford-ability crisis among our nation’s seniors, veterans, persons with disabilities, and fami-lies. The origin and intent of the rescission mechanism in the Congressional Budget Im-poundment and Control Act is well-estab-lished. Namely, it was designed and has uni-formly been used to return unspent funds in appropriated accounts from prior fiscal years to taxpayers, typically for programs that are poorly performing or have been eliminated entirely. The Administration’s effort to claw back CMF funding by means of rescission flies in the face of this practice. First, CMF is not an appropriated pro-gram. Rather, it was created by Congress through the bipartisan Housing and Eco-nomic Recovery Act (HERA) of 2008, an early federal response to the nation’s growing housing and financial crisis. HERA funded the CMF through a small fee on total new business purchases of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (collectively, the Government- Sponsored Enterprises or GSEs) to create an enduring program to generate new invest-ment in affordable housing and other eco-nomic development projects in underserved communities across our nation through the housing finance system and not be reliant entirely on the annual Congressional appro-priations process. Second, CMF funds have not been sitting unspent at the CDFI Fund. Rather, these funds were not released to the Treasury De-partment by the GSEs until May 1, 2018, and if prior year CMF rounds are predictive, the entire amount of funds will be obligated to awardees before the end of calendar year 2018. Finally, one would be hard pressed to find a program where taxpayers are getting more ‘‘bang for the buck’’ than the CMF. The in-novation at the heart of CMF is that it pro-vides direct, entity-level investments in high capacity CDFIs, nonprofit housing devel-opers, banks and public sector agencies. This structure is designed to attract pri-vate capital and maximize return on invest-ment. Organizations that receive the grants are required to leverage their funding 10:1 with other sources of capital. The CMF mul-tiplies the impact of awards many times over because grant recipients are also required to redeploy CMF-supported loans in new projects throughout the grant term. By any measure, CMF has succeeded. Ear-lier this year, the CDFI Fund released new data that illustrates the powerful impact of the FY 2010 funding round of CMF. The 23 awardees from 2010 have used the $80 million in grants to attract $1.8 billion in other in-vestment by the public and private sector, a 22:1 ratio; have produced 13,325 affordable homes and have created or retained 16,000 jobs across America. The CMF is poised to continue its strong track record. The 2017 award round of $120 million will enable 40 grantees to serve 41 states and the District of Columbia. Collec-tively, awardees are projected to create ap-proximately 17,000 additional jobs, produce 21,000 affordable homes and attract more than $3.2 billion in additional investment, with 78% ($2.5 billion) expected to come from the private sector. The need for affordable housing—and for CMF funding—is greater today than ever be-fore. Although the economy has improved since 2008, the number of renter households that pay more than half of their income in rent is near an all-time high of 11.4 million families, 3.7 million more than in 2001 and one in four of all renters in the United States. The CMF has proven to be a highly cost-ef-fective resource for creating affordable hous-ing and improving communities. In 2017, the CDFI Fund received applications for more than 3.5 times the amount awarded. The na-tion would be better served if the Adminis-tration deployed the $151 million in available CMF funds as quickly as possible to meet the demand for this flexible, effective program rather than targeting it for rescission. We urge Congress to reject this rescission request. Thank you for your consideration of this matter, Abode Communities; ACTION-Housing, Inc.; Atlanta Neighborhood Development Partnership, Inc.; Better Housing Coalition; Capital Impact Partners; Capitol Hill Hous-ing; Century Housing Corporation; Chicago 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.022 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4884 June 7, 2018 
Community Loan Fund; Chicanos Por La Causa; Cinnaire; Clearinghouse Community Development Financial Institution; Coastal Enterprises, Inc.; Community Development Corporation of Utah; Community Develop-ment Financial Institution Coalition; Com-munity Housing Partners; Corporation for Supportive Housing; EAH Housing; Eden Housing; Enterprise Community Partners; Fahe. Greater Metropolitan Housing Corpora-tion; Grounded Solutions Network; Habitat for Humanity; Homeport; Homes for Amer-ica; Homewise, Inc.; Housing Channel; Hous-ing Development Fund; Housing Partnership Network; Idaho-Nevada CDFI; IFF; Indianap-olis Neighborhood Housing Partnership; Le-viticus 25:23 Alternative Fund, Inc.; Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC); Low Income Investment Fund; Maine Affordable Housing Coalition; Mercy Housing, Inc.; Mercy Loan Fund; Mission First Housing Group; Montgomery Housing Partnership. National Affordable Housing Management Association; National Association for Latino Community Asset Builders; National Asso-ciation of Affordable Housing Lenders; Na-tional Coalition for the Homeless; National Council of State Housing Agencies; National Development Council; National Housing Con-ference; National Housing Resource Center; National Housing Trust; National Low In-come Housing Coalition; National NeighborWorks Association; National Sta-bilization Trust; New Community Corpora-tion; New Jersey Community Capital; NHS of Chicago; NYC Housing Partnership; Ohio Capital Finance Corporation; Opportunity Finance Network; Preservation of Affordable Housing, Inc. (POAH); Project for Pride in Living. Prospera Housing Community Services; Reinvestment Fund; Self-Help Ventures Fund; Southwest Minnesota Housing Part-nership; St. Ambrose Housing Aid Center; Stewards of Affordable Housing for the Fu-ture; The Community Builders, Inc.; Volun-teers of America. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 918 and rule XVIII, the Chair de-clares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5895. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) to pre-side over the Committee of the Whole. b1522 IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. M
ITCHELL in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5895, the first set of the fiscal year 2019 ap-propriations bills: Energy and Water, the Legislative Branch, and the Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Af-fairs. I am pleased that the House is con-sidering three appropriations bills this afternoon. These bills provide funding to rebuild our military infrastructure, support military families, improve nu-clear security, support our Nation’s en-ergy and water infrastructure, and as-sure the smooth and safe operations of the legislative branch. To highlight a few of these important investments: The Energy and Water bill, under Chairman S
IMPSON ’s direction, funds our national security and supports the energy and water infrastructure that keeps our economy moving and Amer-ica open for business. In total, his bill provides $44.7 billion in discretionary funding. To support a strong nuclear national security strat-egy, particularly at this time of rap-idly shifting global dynamics, his bill provides targeted increases that will maintain an effective nuclear arsenal, preserve our Nation’s nuclear-powered fleet, and keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of those who would misuse them. Beyond these critical responsibil-ities, the bill also directs $7.28 billion to the Army Corps of Engineers for projects and activities that will im-prove America’s ports and waterways and promote public health and safety. The bill also further supports eco-nomic growth by investing in the De-partment of Energy’s programs to ad-vance the goal of an all-of-the-above solution to energy independence. This includes funding to continue congres-sional efforts for the safe, secure stor-age of nuclear waste at Yucca Moun-tain. Next, the Legislative Branch Appro-priations bill under Chairman Y
ODER ’s lead provides $3.8 billion in funding for the operation of Congress and its sup-port agencies, excluding Senate-only items. It may be the smallest of the 12 appropriations bills, but it is very im-portant to the operation of our great democracy. This total represents a small increase above current enacted levels. These in-creases are directed to critical pro-grams that make our Capitol complex more secure and more efficient. This includes supporting our wonderful and dedicated Capitol Police force, which keeps the complex safe for Members and visitors. Lastly, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill, led initially by former Chairman DENTand now by Chairman Judge C AR-
TER, provides a total of $96.9 billion in discretionary funding at a crucial time for our Armed Forces and the VA. This includes $11.3 billion for military con-struction projects, a 3.8 percent in-crease above fiscal year 2018 levels, rec-ognizing the need to rebuild our mili-tary infrastructure. This funding will enable our troops to fight current and emerging threats around the globe, as well as provide them with peace of mind and care for their families. This bill also includes $85.3 billion for the Department of Veterans Affairs, the largest total amount for the VA in its history. These additional funds will be directed to critical priorities within the Veterans Administration: improved access to healthcare; quicker claims processing; and support for crucial health programs like suicide preven-tion, mental health, and opioid abuse prevention. This also includes $1.2 bil-lion for the new VA Electronic Health Record system to accelerate the progress on this long-awaited project. Accompanying these funding in-creases are strong oversight provisions that will increase accountability at both the Pentagon and the Veterans Administration and ensure that pre-cious tax dollars go where they are most needed. I want to thank the chairs and rank-ing members and all the staff who worked on these bills that all Members should be proud to support. These bills received bipartisan sup-port in committee because they focus on universal priorities: national secu-rity, care for our veterans and military families, and essential infrastructure. I am extremely disappointed to read and hear the minority has directed its Members to oppose this appropriations package, despite the fact that all of these bills were constructed as they al-ways have been: in a bipartisan man-ner. If there is no minority support for this package, those Members will be turning their backs on this House’s his-toric support for our veterans and their families and for modernizing our mili-tary installations around the world, which include medical facilities, new barracks and mess halls, playgrounds, schools, and family housing. I want to thank Chairman S
IMPSON , Chairman Y
ODER , former Chairman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.033 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4885 June 7, 2018 
DENTand now Chairman Judge C ARTER  for their leadership on these bills; and also Ranking Member K
APTUR , Ms. D
EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. T
IMRYANfrom Ohio for their work on these bills. I would also like to thank the hard-working staff who helped to bring the bills to the floor: Jenny Panone and Tim Monahan from the Legislative Branch Subcommittee; Sue Quantius, Sarah Young, Kiya Batmanglidj, and Tracey Russell from the Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs Sub-committee; Angie Giancarlo, Loraine Heckenberg, Perry Yates, and Amy Murphy from the Energy and Water Subcommittee; along with the front of-fice staff and my personal staff. I urge my colleagues to support these responsible appropriations bills and vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5895. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4886 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/1 here EH070618.001lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A -ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, FY 2019 (H,R 5895) 
(Amounts in thousands) 
TITLE 
InveStlgat 1ons 
Construct1on DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE -CIVIL 
DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 
Corps ot Engineers -Civil 
Mrss1ss1pp• R1ver and Tr1butaries 
Oper-at 1 on and Ma1 ntenance 
Regula tor-y Prugrarn 
Forrnerly Ut1l ized S1tes Remedial Action Program 
(FUSRAP) 
Flood Control and Coastal Emergenc1es 
t:xpenses 
Off1ce of Assistant Secretary of the Army (C1vil 
\-iurks) 
harbor Ma1ntenance Trust Fund_ 
Inland Waterways Trust Fund 
Total title I, Department of Defense 
TITLE II -DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
Central Utah ProJect 
Central Utail Pr-oJect Complet1orr Account, 
Bureau or Reclamat1on 
Water ana Related Resources 
r:orrtral Valley Pr-oJeCt Restor-at1011 Fund 
Cdl1forn1a Bay-Delta Restorat1on 
P11l1cy ar1d Adm1nistrat1on 
Total Bureau of Roclamat1on Ci vi 1 
Total title IL Department of tl1e Interior_ 
TITLE III -DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
Ener-gy Progr-ams Enf"rgy 
Eff1c1ency anri Renewabl8 Energy 
Electr1c1ty Delivery and Energy Reliability_ 
Cybersecurity, Energy Secur1ty, and Emergency Response 
llectric1ty Delivery 
f1r.c:1ear Eno•-gy 
Defen-;;u funct1on 
Subtotal 
F(lSS11 Energy Research and Development 
'1ava I Pet i eum and 01 I St1a I Reserves 
Str·ateglc Petroleum Reserve 
Sale of crude 011 
use of sale proceeds 
Subtotal FY 2018 
Enacted 
123,000 
,085,000 
425,000 
3,630,000 
200,000 
139.000 
35,000 
185 '000 
coo 
6,827 000 
10,500 
,332.124 
41 '376 
37,000 
59,000 
1 469 500 
1 '480 000 
2,321 778 
248 329 
1 072 056 
133 000 
,205 056 
726 '817 
.900 
252 000 
-350 000 
350,000 
252 000 FY 2019 
Request 
82.000 
871 '733 
244,735 
2,076,733 
200.000 
120,000 
27,000 
187,000 
,000 
965,132 
5,250 
4,784,583 
7,983 
891 '017 
62,008 
35,000 
61 '000 
1.049.025 1,057,008 
695,610 
95,800 
61 '309 
6 21 000 
136,090 
757.090 
502 070 
10.000 
175' 105 
-300.000 
-124,895 Bill 
128 000 
2,323.000 
430,000 
3,820,000 
200,000 
150 000 
35.000 
187,000 
,000 
7' 278.000 
15.000 
,381,992 
62,008 
35,000 
61 '000 
1,540 000 
1,555,000 
,078,640 
146,000 
175,000 
200.000 
146,090 
1,346 090 
?f) 5 000 
10 000 
252,000 
-300,000 
300 000 
252 000 81 ll vs 
Enacted 
+5,000 
+238,000 
+5,000 
+190,000 
+11 '000 
+2,000 
+451 000 
+4,500 
+49,868 
+20,632 
-2,000 
+2,000 
+70,500 
+75,000 
-243,138 
-248,329 
+146,000 
+175,000 
+127 944 
+13,000 
+141 ,034 
+58,183 
+5 100 
+50,000 
50 000 6111 vs 
Request 
+46,000 
+1,451,267 
+185,265 
+1,743,267 
+30,000 
+8,000 
-965,132 
-5,250 
+2,493,417 
+7,017 
+490,975 
+490,975 
+497,992 
+1,383,030 
+50,200 
+113,691 
+579,000 
+10,000 
+589,000 
+282,930 
+76,895 
+300 000 
+376,895 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4887 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/2 here EH070618.002lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, FY 2019 (H.R 5895) 
(Amounts 1n thousands) 
SPR petroleum account 
~ortheast Home Heat1ng 011 Reserve 
Energy Informat 1on AcJrnlnlStr·at1on 
Non-defense Environmental Cleanup 
ur·anlum Enrichment Decontamlnation and DecommlSSlOning 
Fund 
Sc 1 en ct.~ 
Nuciear Waste Disposal 
Advanced Researcn ProJects Agency-Energy. 
T1tle 17 Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program 
Offsetting collect1on 
Resc,ss1on 
Subtotal 
Advanced Technology Veh1cles Manufactur1ng Loans 
program 
1bal Ener·gy Loan Guar·antee Pr-ogram 
Resc1ssion 
SulJtotal 
Departn1ental A0rn1n1strat1on 
M1scellaneous revenues 
Net at1on 
Office of the Insoector General. 
Total Energy programs 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities 
Nat1onal Nuclear Secunty Administration 
'Weapons Act1v1 t 1es 
Defense Nuclear Nonprollferatlon 
Rescission 
Subtotal 
Naval Reactors 
>=ederal Sa1ar·les and Expenses 
Total National Nuclear· Security Adm1nistratron. 
Env1ronmental and Other Defense Act1v1t1es 
Defense Er1viron1nental Cleanup 
Other Defense Act1vities 
Defense nuc ~ ea1 waste dl sposa1 
Total. Environmental and Other Defense Activ1ties 
Total. Atom1c Energy Defense Activities 
Power Market rns1 Admin1strat ions 11 
Operat1on and maintenance, Southeastern Power 
Adnllrl i strat 1 on 
Offsett1ng collect10ns 
Subtotal FY 2018 
Enacted 
8.400 
6 500 
125 000 
298,400 
840 000 
6 259,903 
353,314 
33,000 
-10 000 
23,000 
5,000 
.000 
,000 
285,652 
-96,000 
189.652 
49,000 
12,918,049 
10.642,138 
2.048,219 
-49,000 
.999.219 
620.000 
407 595 
14,668,952 
5,988,048 
840 000 
6,828.048 
21.497,000 
6,379 
-6.379 FY 2019 
Request 
10 000 
115.035 
218.400 
752,749 
5,390.972 
90,000 
10,000 
-15.000 
-240 000 
245,000 
,000 
-8,500 
-8,500 
235.534 
-96,000 
139,534 
51' 330 
e 512 504 
11,017,078 
1.862.825 
1 862,825 
1,788,618 
422 529 
15.091.050 
5.630,217 
853,300 
30,000 
6.513,517 
21 '604 '567 
6,500 
-6,500 Bill 
10,000 
10 000 
125.000 
240,000 
870.000 
6,600 000 
190,000 
325 000 
32.000 
-15.000 
17,000 
5,000 
1 000 
,000 
280.524 
-96.000 
184.524 
51.330 
13.421,584 
11.200,000 
1,902.000 
1 . 902.000 
.788,618 
422.529 
15.313,147 
5.759,220 
870.300 
sO. 000 
6.659,520 
21.972.667 
6.500 
-6.500 Bill VS. 
Enacted 
+1 '600 
+3.500 
58.400 
+30 000 
+340,097 +190,000 
-28,314 
1 '000 
-5.000 
6,000 
-5' 128 5 
128 
+2,330 
+503 535 
+557.862 
-146,219 
+49,000 
-97,219 
+168,618 
+14,934 
+644' 195 
-228,828 
+30.300 
+30 000 
-168,528 
+475,667 
+121 121 Bill vs 
Request 
+10,000 
+9,965 
+21 ,600 
+117. 251 
+1 '209 ,028 
+100,000 +325,000 
+22,000 
+240.000 
+262,000 
+4,000 
+1 '000 
+8,500 +9.500 
+44 990 
+44,990 
+4,909.080 
+182,922 
+39.175 
+39,175 
+222.097 
+129,003 
+17 000 
+146.003 
+368 .100 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4888 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/3 here EH070618.003lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A - ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL, FY 2019 (H.R 5895) 
Operat1on ar1d ma1ntenance. Soutt1western Power 
AdmlnlSt!at-lon 
Offsetting collect1ons 
Subtotal 
Construct1on Rehabilitation, Operation and 
Ma1ntenance Western Area Power Administration 
Offsett1ng co!lect1ons. 
Subtotal 
Fdlcon and Arn1stad Operating and Maintenance Fund. 
Offsetting collections. 
Subtotal 
Total Power Market1ng Adm1n1strat10ns 
Fede1·a1 Energy Regulatory Comm·1 ssion 
Sala~1es a11d expenses 
Revenues ap;Jlled 
General Provisions 
1it1e III Resc1ssions 
Northeast gasoline supply reserve sale. 
Strateg1c Petroleum Reserve crude oil sale. 
Strateg1c Petroleum Reserve use of sale proceeds. 
Total General Pr·ov1slons 
Total t1tle Ill, Department of Energy. 
Appropr1atlons 
Resc1 SSlOnS 
TITLE IV -INDEPENDENT AGENCIES 
Appalach1an Rcg1onal Comrnissiorl 
Defense Nuclear Facil1t1es Safety Board 
Delta Reg1onal Author1ty 
De11ali Commission 
Northern Border Regional Commission 
Southeast Crescent Reg1onal Cornm1ssion. 
Nuclear Regulatory Commiss1on 
Salar1es and expenses 
Revenues 
\ReSClSSlOn) 
Sut1total 
Off1ce of Inspector General 
Revenues 
Sullt.otal 
Total, Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
A;o:Jropriat lOllS 
ResclSSlons (Amounts 1n thousands) 
FY 2018 
Enacted 
30 288 
-18,888 
11 '400 
223,276 
-129,904 
-------------
93 .372 
4 '176 
-3 ,948 
--------
228 
-------------
105 000 :J67 
,600 
-367 ,600 
34,520,049 
(34,569.049) 
(-49.0001 
155 .000 
31 ,000 
25 ,000 
30 000 
15 000 250 
909, 137 
-779 768 
-68 
129 . 301 
12 .859 
-10 .555 
------------
2,304 
-------------
131 605 
( 131 '673) 
I -68 J FY 2019 
Request 
45 802 
-35 '402 
10,400 
265' 142 
-175,770 
-------------
89, 372 
,207 
-4 ,979 
228 
----------
100 000 
369 .900 
-369, 900 
-71 '000 
-15,000 
15,000 
-71 '000 
30,146,071 
(30.394,571 
( 248. 500 
152. 000 
31 ,243 
2,500 
7 '300 
850 
958, 050 
-805 019 
153. 031 
12, 60'l 
-10 355 
2,254 
-------------
155,285 
(155 .285) B1ll 
45 802 
35.402 
~ ---. ---
10,400 
265,142 
-175,770 
-------------
89, 372 
5, 207 
-4,979 
228 
---------
100 000 
369, 900 
-369, 900 
35,494,251 
(35. 494 251) 
155,000 
31 '243 
15,000 15,000 
12 000 250 
953,050 
-763,640 
189, 410 
12 609 
10, 355 
--------- ---
2,254 
-------------
191 ,664 
( 191 ,664) Bi 11 vs 
Enacted 
+15' 514 
16.514 
-1 '000 
+41 '866 
-45,866 
-------------
-4.000 
+1 '031 
-1 031 
--------
-5,000 
+2 300 
-2' 300 
+974,202 
(+925.202) 
(+49,000) 
+243 
-10,000 
15,000 
-3 000 
+43, 913 
+16, 128 
+68 
+60 109 
-250 
+200 
-50 
-------------
+60,059 
(+59,991) 
(+68) B1ll vs 
Request 
-------------
-------------
-------------
+71 ,000 
+15,000 
-15,000 
+71 .000 
+5.348,180 
(+5 099.680) 
(+248 500\ 
+3 ,000 
+12 ,500 
+7 ,700 
+11 '150 
+250 
-5,000 
+41 ,379 
+36 ,379 
-------------
+36, 379 
(+36 ,379) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4889 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/4 here EH070618.004lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS BILL. FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board. 
Total, title IV, Independent ager~c1es. 
Appropr·1 at ions 
ReSClSSlOns Gr·and 
total. 
Appropriations 
Resc1ssions 
I! Totals adJusted to net out alternative financing 
costs re1mbursable agreement fund1ng and power 
purchase and wheel1ng expenditures Offsett1ng 
collect1on totals only reflect funds collected 
for annual expenses, exclud1ng power purchase 
Nl1ee 11 ng (Amounts 1n thousands) 
FY 2018 
Enacted 
3.600 
391 '455 
(391 ,523) 
(. 68) 
43,218,504 
(43,267,572) 
I -49 068) 
:::::::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::: 36 
(36 
( FY 2019 
Request 
3,600 
352,778 
(352,778) 
,340 440 
,588,940) 
248 500) 
============= 3,600 
423,757 
(423.757) 
44,751,008 
(44.751,008) 
:::::::::::=:::======= +1 Bi 11 vs 
Enacted 
+32,302 
(+32 234) (+68) 
532,504 
(+1 ,483,436) 
(+49.068) 
============= B1ll vs 
Request 
+70,979 
(+70,979) 
+8,410,568 
(+8,162,068) 
(+248.500) 
:::::::::::::======== 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4890 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/5 here EH070618.005lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
(Amounts 1n thousands) 
TITLE I LEGISLATIVE BRANCH 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Poyment to W1dows and Heirs of Deceased Members of 
Congress (FY17 PL 114-223. Sec 142)1i 
Salaries and Expenses 
House Leadersh1p Offices 
Oft1ce of the Speaker 
Off1ce of tile MaJority Floor· Leader 
Office of the Minority Floor Leader 
Off•ce of the Majority Whip 
Off,ce of the Minority Whip 
RerJubllcan Conference 
Dr~I!10Crat1c Caucus. 
Subtotal House Leadership Offices 
Expc~nses Mrnnbcrs· Rcpresentat1onal Allowances 
!n,:lu<.Jnlg Member·s· Clerk H1re. Offic1al 
Exf)orrses of Members. anrl OfflClal Mail 
Committee Employees 
Stand1ng Committees, Special and Select 
Comm1ttee 011 Appropnat1ons (1nclud1ng stud·ies and 
1nvest1gat 10ns) 
Subtotal. Committee employees 
Ton1 Lantos Human Rights CommlSSlOn 
Salaries a11d Expenses 
Salaries. Officers and Employees 
Ofl,ce of tile Clerk 
Cit f 1 ce of t !1e Sergeant at Arms 
Office of tne Ch1ef Adm1n1strat1ve Off1cer· 
Office of tho Inspector General 
Oft1ce cf General Counsel 
Off1ce of the Parl1am8ntarian 
Off1ce of the Law Rev1s1on Counsel oft House 
Off ice of tlw Leg1slat1ve Counsel of the House 
Offrce of L<terparl iamentary Affairs 
Ot t1er autho1· 1 zed employees. 
Subt~;tal Salar·1es. otf1cers and employees 
Allowances and Expenses 
Supplies mater1als. adm1n1strative costs and Feder-al 
ton cli'n:ns 
Off' al marl for committees. leadership offices, 
and admlflJStratlvc offices of the Houso 
Government contr1but fOilS 
Bus1ness Corlt inulty and Disaster· Recovery 
'ransit1011 ar.tlvltleS 
Wour1ded Warr-Jor· progran1. 
Office of Congress,onal Ethics 
r11 )lati80US items 
Subtotal Allowar1ces ar1d expenses 
Total House of Representatives (discretionary) 
Total House of Representatives {mandatory) FY 2018 
Enacted 
174 
6,645 
2. 180 
7. 114 
.887 
.460 
,505 ,487 
22.278 
562.632 
127.05~\ 
23,226 
150.279 
27 945 
20.505 
132.865 
968 
492 
.037 
.3,209 
9,937 
814 584 
204.356 
,625 
190 
233,040 
16 180 
2.273 
2,750 
.670 
720 
260.454 
1,199.999 
174 FY 2019 
Request 
,645 
2.180 
7. 114 
.887 
,460 
.505 
,487 
22.278 
573 630 
126.903 
23. 113 
150,016 
28 305 
18.773 
152.558 
5.019 
502 2 
026 
3 327 
9.925 
814 
584 
222.833 
.625 
190 
260,000 
16 186 
3.000 
2,750 
,741 
722 
288,214 
1,256,971 Bi 11 
7. 124 
2 643 
7,752 
2.197 
1. 700 
2 187 
1. 776 
25.379 
573,630 
127,903 
23. 113 
151.016 
230 
28.305 
18 773 
147,558 
5,019 
1 . 502 
2.026 
3.327 
9,937 
814 
584 
217.845 
525 
190 
239.000 
16.186 
3 000 
2.750 
1. 670 
722 
264.043 
1,232,143 6111 vs 
Enacted 
-174 
+479 
+463 +638 +310 
+240 
+682 +289 + 
3. 101 
+10.998 
+850 
-113 
+737 
+230 
+360 
-1 732 
+14.693 
+51 
+10 
~ 11 
+118 
+13,489 
-3. 100 
+5.960 
+727 
+2 
+3,589 
+32.144 
-174 81 11 vs 
Request 
+479 +463 +638 
+310 +240 
+682 +289 +3. 
101 
+1. 000 
+1. 000 +230 
-5.000 
+12 
-4.988 
-3.100 
-21.000 
-71 
-24,171 
24,828 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4891 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/6 here EH070618.006lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION 8 - LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
(Amounts 1n thousands) 
JO! NT ITEMS 
Jo1nt Econom1c Committee. 
Jo·int Comnn t toe on Taxation 
Oft1ce of the Attend1ng Physician 
Med1cal supplles. equipment, expenses. and allowances 
Off1ce of Congressional Access1bility Services 
Salar1es ar1d expenses 
Total Jo1nt items 
CAPITOL POLICE 
Salar·ies 
Ger1eral expet1ses. 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE 
Salaries ar1d expenses 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE 
Sd!aries ar1c! expenses 
ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL iAOC) 
Cap1tal Cotlstruct,on and Operat1ons 
Capitol bu1 id1ng 
Cap1tol ounds. 
House a Rcpr·esentat1ves build1ngs 
House oft1ce buildings 
House H1stor1c Bu1ld1ngs Rev1talizat1on Trust Fund. 
Cup1tol Pmve1· Plant 
Offsett1ng collect1ons 
Subtotal, Capitol Power Plant 
Library build1ngs and grounds 
Caritol pol1ce bui I dings grounds and security 
Butarnc Garder: 
Ca;JJtol V1~1tor Center FY 2018 
Enacted 
4,203 
11 '169 
3,838 
1 '444 
20,654 
351 '700 
74,800 
426 500 
4,959 
49 945 
93,478 
45,300 
13 333 
197.294 
10,000 
115 694 
-9 000 
106,694 
74,873 
34 249 
13 800 
21 '4 70 FY 2019 
Request 
4.203 
11,169 
3.798 
1 '486 
20,656 
374,804 
81 '554 
456,358 
4 553 
50 737 
103.962 
46 154 
17.978 
180.098 
10,000 
127,980 
-9,000 
118,980 
113,427 
59,309 
14 659 
23 322 Bi 11 
4,203 
11 '169 
3,798 
1 '486 
20.656 
374,804 
81 '554 
456 358 
5,410 
50,737 
103,962 
44,379 
16' 761 
187,098 
10,000 
127,980 
-9,000 
118,980 
70,201 
52,542 
14,759 
23 322 Bi 11 vs 
Enacted 
-40 
+42 
+2 
+23,104 
+6, 754 
+29,858 
+451 +792 
+10.484 
-921 
+3,428 
-10' 196 
+12,286 
+12.286 
-4 672 
+18,293 
+959 
+1 '852 8111 vs 
Request 
+857 
-1 '775 
,217 
+7,000 
-43,226 
6,767 
+100 
=====~=~===== ============= ============= ============= ============= 
Totai. Architect of the Cap1tol 
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 
Salar1es ar1d expenses 
Author1ty to spend rece1pts 
SL:btotal, Salar·i and expenses 
Copyngt1t Off1ce. Salaries and expenses 
Author,ly to spend receipts 
Pr··1or~ yc~.:-·H' unobl1gated balances 
Subtotal Copyr1ght Off1ce 
Co11gressional Research Service, Salaries and expenses 
Bucks for· tile bl1nd and phys1cally handicapped 
Salar1es 011d expenses 
Totd! _ L1brary of Congress 610,491 
477.017 
-6.350 
470 667 
72 '011 
41 '305 
2.260 
28 446 119 
279 
51 . 498 
669,890 687 889 
475,196 
-6,000 
469,196 
86,438 
43,464 
-4,328 
38.646 
113,621 
51 '192 
672,655 642,004 
493 818 
-6,000 
487.818 
93,407 
-45,490 
-4.328 
43 589 
125,688 
52,783 
709,878 +31 513 
+16,801 
+350 
+17' 151 
+21,396 
-4' 185 
-2,068 
+15' 143 
+6,409 
+1 285 
+39,988 ·45,885 
+18,622 
+18 622 
+6.969 
·2,026 
+4,943 
+12,067 
+1 '591 
+37,223 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4892 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/7 here EH070618.007lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B -LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT. FY 2019 (H R 5895) (Amounts 
in thousands) 
GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE 
Congress1onal publl slling 
f'ub11C Infor·mat1on Programs of the Superintendent of 
Documer1ts. Salar1es ar1d expenses 
Government Publ' sh1 ng Off1 ce Business Oper·at 10ns 
Revolv1ng Fund 
Total. Government Publishing Off1ce 
GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE 
Sal ar -~ es and expenses 
Oftsett1119 collections 
Total Government Accountab1lity Office 
OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND 
Payment to the Open World Leadership Center (OWLC) 
T1-ust Fu11d 
JOHN C STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE 
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 
Stennis Cer1ter for Publ1c Serv1 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
Scorekeeping adjustment (CBO est1mate) 11 
OTHER APPROPRIATIONS 
FURTHER ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR 
DISASTER RELIEF REQUIREMENTS ACT 2018 
GGvernment Accountab1l1ty Off1c~ Salar1es and expenses 
IFY2018 PL115 123, Tltle IX) (emergency) 
Lupyn Total Other Appropr1ations. 
OTHER SCOREKEEPING ADJUSTMENTS 
Off1ce additional spending authority 
est lrndle) 
()PO unobl1gated balances transterred to Bus1ness 
Oper-atlons Revolving f=und {f"'Qappr·opriat1on) 
ICBO est 1mate) 
AOC House Off1ce Bu1ldings Fund (PL114-254) 
(CBO est 1mate) 
Off1ce of Compl1ance Settlements and Awards 
(CBO est1mate) 
emergency appropr1at1ons 
Grand total ( 1ncluding scorekeeping adjustments) 
01 scret lOnar-y 
Mandatory 1 I 
1; FY201b IS Div D Sec.101 (a)(9) of Continuing 
l\ppropr1at1ons Act. 2018 (Pu~Jiic Law 115-56) FY 2018 
Enacted 
79,528 
29.000 
.540 
117,068 
602.717 
-23,800 
578 917 
5 600 430 
-2,000 
14 . 000 
14,000 
-4.000 
14 000 
3,678,627 
(3.678.453) 
( 174) FY 2019 
Request 
79.000 
32,000 
6.000 
117.000 
640 301 
-24,200 
616 101 
5,800 
430 
2.000 
20,000 
-7.000 
,000 
3' 905. 150 
(3 905.150) Bi 11 
79.000 
32,000 
6.000 
117,000 
602.717 
-23.800 
578.917 
5.600 
430 
-2.000 
-7,000 
1. 000 
3. 811. 133 
( 3. 811. 133) B1ll vs 
Enacted 
528 
+3,000 
,540 
-58 
14,000 
-14,000 
-3 000 
+1 000 
+14 000 
+132,506 
(+132.680) 
I-174 i B1ll vs 
Request 
37 584 
+400 
37' 184 
-200 
-2.000 
-2,000 
-20,000 
"94,017 
( -94 017) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4893 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/8 here EH070618.008lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION 8 LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT. FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
(Amounts 1n thousands) 
RECAP !TULA Tl ON 
House of Representatives (discretionary) 
House of Representatives (mandatory) 1 I Jo1 
rt Items 
Capitol Pol ice 
Oft1ce of Compl1ance 
Congressional Budget Office. 
Arch•tect of the Cap1tol 
L •brary of Congress 
Government Publishing Office 
Government Accountab1l1ty Ott1ce. 
Oren World Leadership Center. 
Ster:rns Center for Publlc Serv1ce 
AdmlrllStl·atlve ProV1Slons 2/ 
Other Scorckocp1ng adjustments 
GranJ total 
Dlscretlonary 
Manciatory 1 1 Other 
Appropriations (emergency) 
1; FY2018 IS D1v D. Sec101(a)(91 of Continu1ng 
Appropr1at1ons Act, 2018 (Publ1c Law 115-56) FY 2018 
Enacted 
,199,999 
174 
20 654 426 
,500 
959 
49,945 
610 491 
669 ,890 
117 ,068 
578 ,917 
5,600 
430 
-2 ,000 
3 678 627 
(3.678 453) 
(1 74) 
14 000 FY 2019 
Request 
1 '256' 971 
20 656 
456, 358 
4.553 
50 .73 7 687 
.889 
672 .655 
117 .000 
616. 101 
5 ,800 
430 
3,905,150 
(3,905 150) 811'1 
,232.143 
20,656 
456. 358 5 
.410 
50. 737 642 
004 
709. 878 
117. 000 
578. 917 
5. 600 
430 
-2. 000 
3 811. 133 ( 
3. 811. 133) B1ll vs 
Enacted 
+32,144 
-174 
+2 
+29.858 
+451 
+792 
+31 513 
+39, 988 
-68 
+132.506 
(+132.680) 
(-174) 
-14 000 8 lll vs 
Request 
-24,828 
+857 
-45.885 
+37.223 
-37. 184 
-200 
-2.000 
-94.017 
(-94 '017) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4894 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/9 here EH070618.009lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H.R 5895) 
Tl TLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
M1l1tary Construct1on. Army 
M1l·1tary Cor1struction. Navy and Marine Corps. 
Hurncarw Supplemental (P L 115·123) (Emergency) 
Total 
Military Cor1structior1. Air Force. 
M1l1tary Co11struct1on. Defense·Wlde 
Addlt1onal Funds (P L 115·96) (Emergency) 
Total 
Total Act1ve components 
Military Construct1on. Army National Guard .. 
Hurncane Supplemental (P L 115·123) (Emergency) 
Sc.btotal 
M1 11 tar·y 
M r I 1 tar·y 
M 1 l 1 tar y 
M1l1~ary Cor1structior1, Air National Guard 
Construct1on. Army Reserve 
Corlstt-uCtiOrl Reserve 
CDnstruct1on A1r Reserve 
Total. Reserve components 
North Atlant1c Treaty Organ1zat1on Security Investment 
Program 
Department ot Defense Base Closure Account 
Total. Military Construction. 
Fam1ly Housrng 
Fannly Houswg 
Fam1ly Housing 
Fam1ly Hous~1ng 
Mar1ne Cot-ps Constr-uctlon 
Operat1on and 
Construct10n 
Ope rat 1011 and Army 
Ma1r1tenance. Army 
Navy and Marine Corps 
Ma1 ntenance, Navy and 
Farn1ly HOLISlng Construct1on A1r Force 
Fam1ly Hous1ng Operation and Ma1ntenance. A1r Force. 
Family Hous1ng Oper·atlon and Mcnntenance. Defense-Wide 
DoD Military Unaccompanied Hous1ng Improvement Fund 
Department ot Defense Family Housing Impr-ovement Fund 
Tota! Fam1ly HOL!Slng 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
M1l1tary CunstrdctlOrL Alr For-ce (Sec 126) 
(r'BSC1SSl011) 
M 1 11 t<Jry Conotr'uct 1011, Army (Sec 125) 
M 1: 1 tar-y C(;r1st r-uct 10r1 Navy dtHJ Mor1r1e Cor·ps (Sec 
~ L 5) 
M1l1tary Construct1on A1r Nat1onal Guard (Sec 
Mrlltary Construction, Ar·my Ndt ional Guar·d (Sec 
Military ConstructlOil, A1r Nat 1onal Guard (Sec. 
Mrl1tary Construct1on. Army Reserve (Sec 125). 
NATO Secur1ty Investment Program (Sec 126) 
( r-esclss 1 on) 
42 USC 3374 (Sec 126) 
M1l1tary Construct1on. Air Force (Sec 125). 
M1l1tary ConstructHH1, A1r Force Reserve (Sec. 
NATO Secur•ty lrvestment Program (Sec 126) Fam1ly 
Housrng Construct1on. Army (Sec 126) 
Defense Access Roads Program (Soc 131) 125) 125 I 
125). 
125) (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2018 
Enacted 
923,994 
1,553,275 
201 '636 
'7 54' 911 
.543,558 
'811 513 
200,000 
'011 '513 
,233,976 
220,652 
519,345 
739 997 
171 '491 
83.712 
95 271 
7 3 535 
1.164006 
177 932 
310,000 
8,885,914 
182.662 
348,907 
8 3' 682 
328.282 
85 062 
318 324 
59' 169 623 
2.726 
1,409,437 
93,800 
202,130 
52,000 
113' 500 
76 000 
·25 000 
138' 100 
64' 100 
18 000 
20,000 FY 2019 
Request 
'011 '768 
,543,189 
,543 189 
.725 707 
693 324 
2,693.324 
.973 988 
180' 122 
180 122 
129' 126 
64,919 
43,065 
50 163 467 
395 
171 '064 
267,538 
8,879,985 
330 660 
376.509 
104,581 
314 536 
78 446 
317.274 
58,373 
600 
653 
1.582 632 Bi 11 
,001,768 
2' 1 00 298 
2.100298 
,454,723 
465 738 
,465,738 
,022.527 
180' 122 
180' 122 
129' 126 
64,919 
43,065 
50' 163 
467,395 
171 '064 
322.390 
7,983,376 
330,660 
376.509 
104 '581 
314.536 
78 446 
317.274 
58,373 
600 
1 653 
1.582.632 
31 '158 
44 '100 
317.800 
11 '000 
62,000 
23,000 
·25 000 
~15,000 
144,450 
84,800 81ll vs 
Enacted 
+77,774 
+547,023 
·201 .636 
+345 387 
·88.835 
. 345 775 
·200,000 
-545.775 
. 211 '449 
·40,530 
-519,345 
·559.875 
·42,365 
-18.793 
·52,206 
·23 372 
·696,611 
·6.868 
+12,390 
·902,538 
+147,998 
+27 '602 
+20,899 
13 7 46 
·6 616 
050 ·7G6 
23 
·1 '073 
+173 195 
. 31 '158 
·49,700 
+115,670 
·52.000 
·102,500 
+62,000 
·53.000 
·15 '000 
+6,350 
+20 700 
+18 000 
·20,000 Bill vs 
Request 
·1 0' 000 
·442,891 
442,891 
·270,984 
. 227 586 . 
227' 586 
-951 461 
+54,852 
·896,609 
31 '158 
+44,100 
+317,800 
+11 '000 
+62,000 +23,000 
·25,000 
·15 '000 
+144,450 
+84.800 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4895 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/10 here EH070618.010lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS. AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
M1.l1 tary Construct1on -Enhanc1ng Force Protection and 
5Jtety on M1l1tary Installatrons (Sec 131) 
Total, Administrat1ve Prov1s1ons. 
Appropriat1ons 
ResclSSlons 
Total title I, Department of Defense. 
Appropr· i at r ons 
Resc·1 ssl ons 
Emergency appropriations 
Total. title I less emergency 
appro;Jr-·1 at 1 ons 
TITLE II -DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS 
Veterans Ber1efits Adm:n,stratior, 
Co1npensat1on and per1S1ons· 
Advance from pr1or year 
Curr~er:t year request 
Subtotal . current year 
Advance appropriat1on. FY 2020 
ReadJuStment benef1ts 
Advance fr~om pr,1or year· 
Sc.btotai 
Advance appropr i at 1 on. FY 2020 
Veterans lnSlJrance and indemnities 
Advance from pr1or year 
Curre11t year request 
Subtotal 
Advance appropriat1on FY 2020 
Veterans t,ous1ng benef1t program fund 
(lim,tat1on on direct loans). 
Adm11115trative expenses 
Vocational rehabilrtat1on loans program account 
(L1m1tat10n on direct loar1s) 
Adm1nistrative expenses 
Ndt rve Amer1can veteran hous1ng loan program account 
Gerieral opAr-at i ng expenses VBA 
Total Veterans Benef1ts Adm1n1strat1on 
Appropriat1ons 
Advance appropriations FY 2020 
Advances from pr1or year appropr1ations 
Veterans Health Adm1r1istration 
Med1 cal ser·v 1 ces 
Adva11ce from prior year 
Current year request /1 (Amounts 111 thousands) 
FY 2018 
Enacted 
716.630 
(759 6301 
(-43 000) 
11 '011 '981 
(10 134 000) 
i-43 000) 
(920.981) 
10.091.000 
(90,119,449) 
90,119,449 
95 768,462 
(13.708,648) 
13.708.648 
11,832.175 
(107,899) 
12.439 
120,338 
109.090 
(500) 
178.626 
30 
(2.356) 
395 
.163 
2 910.000 
110.812,380 
(3,102.653) 
(107.709,727) FY 2019 
Request 
10,462,617 
(10,462.617) 
10 462 617 
(95.768,462) 
1,410.332 
97' 178.794 
107,119.807 
(11 ,832,175) 
11 832.175 
14 '065 '282 
( 1 09 090) 
109.090 
111 340 
(500) 
200,612 
39 
(2.037) 
396 
1. 149 
2.868 909 
125,777.866 
(4 .481 ,437) 
(121 .296.429) Bill 
150 000 
765,992 
(837,150) 
1-71 , 158 l 
10,332,000 
( 1 0 '4 03 . 1 58) 
I-71 . 158 J 
10 332 000 
(95 ,768 '462) 
1.410,332 
97 178,794 
107,119,807 
(11,832,175) 
11,832,175 
14 065.282 
(109.090) 
109,090 
111 . 340 
(500) 
200.612 
39 
(2.037) 
396 
1 . 149 
.922.000 
125,830,957 
(4,534.528) 
(121 .296,429) 
(103 935 996) (107 709 727) (107,709,727) 
(44,886.554) 
1 962.984 (49,161.165) (49 161 165) Bill vs 
Enacted 
+150 000 
+49,362 
(+77,520) 
I-28. 158 J 
-679.981 
(+269 158) 
( 28 158) 
I 920.981) 
+241 .000 
(+5,649,013) 
+1 410,332 
+7,059.345 
+11 .351.345 
(-1 ,876,473) 
-1.876.473 
+2.233 107 
I +1. 191 l -
1 2 '439 
-11 '248 
+2,250 
+21 .986 
+9 
-31 9) 
+1 
-14 
+12.000 
+15,018,577 
(+1 .431 ,875) 
(+13 586,702) 
(+3,773.731) 
(+4,274.611) 
1 962,984 B1ll vs 
Request 
+150 000 
+765 992 
(+837 150) 
(-71. 158) 
-130,617 
(-59.459) 
( 71 .158) 
-130 617 
+53,091 
+53,091 
(+53,091) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4896 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/11 here EH070618.011lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
Hurr•cane Supplemental (P L 115-1231 (Emergency) 
Subtotal 
Advance appropriatlon, FY 2020 
$2 1 b1l110n "' emergency funding tor Medical 
Services pur-poses was appropr--iated in H J Res, 124 
1n add1t10n to these funds 
Med1cal commun1ty care 
Advance from pr1or year 
Current year request 
~/13/2013 Budget Amendment 
Sul)total 
Advance appropriat•on, FY 2020, 
Cho1ce Fund 
Med1cal support and compl1ance 
Advance from prior year 
Current year request 
Hurr1cane Supplen1ental (P L 115-123) (Emergency), 
Subtotal 
Advance appropr i at 1 on, FY 2020 
Med1ca1 fac1l1ties 
Advance from pr1or year 
Currer1t year request 
Hurncane Supplemental (P L 115 123) (Emergency). 
Subtotal 
Advance appropr·iation, FY 2020. 
Med1ca1 ar1d prosthet1c researct1 
Mou1ca1 cost recovery collections 
Offsett 1ng collect10ns 
Appropr lotions (Indefinite) 
Subtotal 
DoD VA Jo1nt Medical Funds (transfers out) 
DoD VA Joint Med1cal Funds (by transfer) 
DoD-VA Healt/1 Care sr1ar1ng Incentive Fund (Transfer· 
out) 
DoD-'VA He<~llh Cacc Sl1dr1ng Inct>nt 1ve Fund (by 
transfer·) 
Total Veterans Health AdmltllStrat !On 
Appr-opr-lat lOns 
(By transfer) 
Advance appropriations, FY 2020 
Advar1ces from pr1or year appropr·1ations 
Nat1onal Cemeter·y Admln1strat ion 
National Cemetery Adrn1nistrat1on 
Departmental Adm1n1strat1on 
General admlrllStratJon 
Board of Veterans Appeals (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2018 
Er1acted 
11 '075 
45,860,613 49,161,165 
(9.409 118) 
419' 176 
9 828,294 
,384,704 
(6.654,480) 
100,000 
3 209 
6,757 689 
,239,156 
(5 434.880) 
707,000 
75 108 
,216,988 
,914,288 
722' 262 
-2,507,000 
2,507,000 
(-297,137) 
(297,137) 
(-15 000) 
( 15' 000) 
74_700,127 
(3 911 422) ( 
312' 137) 
(70,699,3'13) 
(66,355 032) 
306 193 335 
891 
161 '048 FY 2019 
Request 
49,161 '165 
48,747,988 
(8,384,704) 
500,000 
,884 704 
14,419,786 
1 '900. 000 
(7,239,156) 
7,239,156 7,106.150 
(5,914,288) 
914 288 
5,276,676 
727,369 
·3,590,000 
3,590,000 
(-301,578) 
(301 578) 
(-15 000) 
( 15 '000) 
78 '677 969 (3 127 
369) 
(316 578) 
(75,550,600) (70.699,313) 
315,836 367,629 
174,748 Bill 
49,161,165 48,747,988 
(8,384,704) 
500,000 
8 884 704 
14 419.786 
(7,239,156) 
7,239,156 7,106,150 
(5.914 288) 
,914 2B8 
276 '676 
732,262 
-3,590,000 
3,590,000 
(-306,378) 
(306 ,378) 
(-15 000) 
(15,000) 
76.782,862 
(1 232 262) 
(321 378) 
(75,550.600) 
(70,699,313) 
315,836 
346,091 
174.748 B i I I vs 
Enacted 
-11 075 
+2,300,552 
413' 177 
1,024 ,414) 
-419' 176 
+500,000 
-943 590 
+6 035,082 
(+584,676) 
-100,000 
3 '209 
+481 '467 
-133,006 
(+479,408) 
-707,000 
-75 108 
302,700 
-637,612 
+10,000 
-1 , 083 r 000 
+1,083,000 
( '9 '241) 
( +9' 241) 
+2,082,735 
(-2,679,160) 
( +9 '241) 
(+4,851 ,287) 
(+4,314,281) 
+9 643 
+10,200 +13,700 81 11 vs 
Request 
'1 900' 000 
+4,893 
( '4' 800) 
(+4,800) 
-1,895,107 
(-1 895,107) 
(+4 800) 
21 '538 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4897 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/12 here EH070618.012lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
ltlformatio11 technology systems 
~eterar1s Electronic Health Record 
Office of Inspector Ge11eral 
Construct1on 1naJor prOJeCts 
Construct 10n m1nor proJeCts 
Hurr1cane Supplemental (P l 115-123) (Emergency) 
Subtotal 
Gr-ants tor constructiorl of State exter1ded care 
fac1l1t1es 
Gr·ants for the construction of veterar1s cemeteries. 
Total Departmental Administration 
Adm1n1strative Pr·ovlSlons 
Mandatory disab1l1ty exams language (Sec. 256) 
Medical ser-vices (Sec 237) (resciss10n) _ 
VA deferred ma1ntenance (Sec 238) 
Construct1on. ln8JOr projects 
Sec 243(a) r·escission_ 
Sec 243(b) reappropnat1on 
Sec 243(c) resclSSlon 
Sec 243(cl) reaprropriat10r1. 
Total Admin1str·at1ve Provis1ons. 
Total trtle II 
Appropnat rons 
Reappropr1ations 
Emergency appropriations_ 
Resc1ssions 
r,By transfer) 
Advance Appropriations, FY 2020 _ 
Mandator-y 
D1scret1onary 
Advances from prior year appropriations· 
Mandator-y 
D1scret1onary 
(L1m1tat1on on d1rect loans) 
pr1or year less FY 2020 advances 
Net dlSCrctlonary 
Mandatory 
Advances from pr1or year less FY 2020 advances 
Net m<1ndatory 
Total mandatory and discret1onary. 
TITLE Ill RELATED AGENCIES 
Amer1c;an Battle Monuments Comm1SS10n 
Salar1cs and expenses 
Total American Battle Monuments Commission (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2018 
Enacted 
,055,500 
782 000 
164 000 
512,430 
342,570 
088 
346 658 
512 527 
25,000 
-751,000 
2.000,000 
-10,000 
10' 000 
-410 000 
410,000 
1,274 000 
193,605 227 
(15,853 707) 
(420,000) 
(93.480) 
( -1 '171 000) 
(312 137) ( 107 
709 727) 
(70 699 313) 
(103 935 996) 
(66,385,032) 
(2 856) 
(85,883,061) 
(-4,314.2e1) 
(81 ,475 300) 
(107,722,166) 
(-3,773.131) FY 2019 
Request 
4' 184 '5 71 
207,000 
172 0 54 
'127 ,486 
706 889 
706,889 
8,135,377 
212 907 048 
(16,060,019) 
(316,578) 
(121 ,296,429) 
(75.550.600) 
! 107 709 727) 
(70,699,313) 
(2.537) 
(90,200,287) 
(-4,851 287) 
(85 349 000) 
(122,706,761) 
( -13 586 702) Bi 11 
4' 1 05' 500 
207 000 
172 054 
'1 27 486 649 514 
649,514 
,977,393 
2 000 000 
,000,000 
212 907,048 
(16,060 019) (321 
,378) 
(121 ,296 429) 
(75.550.600) 
( 107 ,709' 727) 
(70,699.313) 
(2.537) 
(90.200.287) 
(-4.851,287) 
(85.349 000) 
(122 _706, 761) 
(-13 586 702) 
(103,948,435) (109,120,059) (109,120 059) 
185,423,735 194,469,059 194,469.059 
79,000 75' 100 75' 100 
79 000 75' 100 75 100 Bi 11 vs 
Enacted 
+50,000 
+425 000 
+8,054 
+615,056 
+306 944 
-4,088 
+302,856 
+1,464,866 
-25,000 
+751 '000 
+10,000 
-10' 000 
+410,000 
-410,000 
+726 000 
+19,301 821 
1+206.312) 
(-420,000) 
(-93,480) 
(+1 '1 1 000) 
( +9 241) (+13 
586.702) 
(+4,851 287) 
(+3,773 731) 
(+4,314,281) 
(-319) 
(+4,317,226) 
(-537,006) 
(+3 873 700) 
(+14,984,595) 
(-9 812.971) 
(+5, 171 ,624) 
+9,045,324 
-3,900 
-3,900 Bill vs 
Request 
-79,071 
-57 375 
-57,375 
157,984 
+2,000,000 
+2,000 000 
(+4,800) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4898 June 7, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.059 H07JNPT1
Insert offset folio 537/13 here EH070618.013lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
US Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims 
Salaries and expenses 
Department of Defense Ci vi 1 
Cemeterial Expenses, Army 
Salar1es and expenses. 
Construct1on. 
Total, Cemeterial Expenses, Army 
Armed Forces Ret1rement Home -Trust Fund 
Operation and maintenance 
Capital program 
Pay1nent from General Fund 
Army. 
Navy Total Armed Forces Retirement Home 
Total, title III. 
TITLE IV -OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Overseas Contingency Operations 
Air Force. 
Defense-W1de 
Army. 
Navy Subtotal. 
European Deterrence I Reassurance Initiative 
A1r Force. 
Defense -Wl de 
Subtotal 
Total, title IV 
Gr·and total. 
Appropriations 
Reappropr1ations. 
RHsciss1ons 
Advance appropriations, FY 2020. 
Overseas contingency operations. 
Advances from pr1or year appropr1ations 
(By transfer) 
(Transfer out) 
(limitation on d1rect loans) (Amounts in thousands) 
FY 2018 
Enacted 
33,600 
80,800 
167' 000 
247,800 
41 '300 
1 '000 
22.000 
64,300 
424.700 
130,400 
13,390 
275 522 
22,400 
441 '712 
15,700 
19,858 
270,830 
1 '900 
--------------
308,288 
205.791 ,908 
(26,412, 407) ( 
420 ,000) 
( 1 '214 .000) 
(178,409,040) 
(750,000) 
(170,321 ,028) 
( 312' 137) 
( 312, 137) ( 2 
,856) FY 2019 
Request 
107,455 
70,800 70,800 
41 '300 
1 '000 
22' 000 
64.300 
317,655 
261,250 227,320 
345,800 
87,050 
--------------
921,420 
224,608, 740 
(26,840, 291) 
(196,847 ,029) 
(921,420) 
(178,409,040) 
(316,578) 
(-316,578) 
(2,537) Bill 
33,600 
70,800 
73 '855 
144,655 
41 '300 
1 '000 
22.000 
64,300 
317,655 
261 '250 
227,320 
345,800 
87,050 
--------------
921 '420 
224,478, 123 
(26,780, 832) 
( 71 158) 
(196,847 ,029) 
(921 ,420) 
(178,409,040) 
(321.378) 
( 321.378) 
(2,537) Bi 11 vs. 
Enacted 
-10,000 
-93' 145 
103' 145 
-107,045 
-130,400 
-13,390 
-275.522 
-22,400 
-441 '712 
+245,550 +207,462 
+74,970 
+85,150 
--------------
+613, 132 
+18,686,215 
(+368,425) 
(-420,000) 
(+1,142,842) 
(+18,437,989) 
(+171,420) 
(+8 ,088,012) 
(+9 '241) 
( 9' 241) 
(-319) Bill vs 
Request 
-73,855 
+73,855 +73,855 
--------------
-130,617 
(-59. 459) 
(-71 ,158) 
(+4,800) 
( 4,800) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4899 June 7, 2018 
b1530 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the three-bill package that Republicans are bringing to the floor today. Instead of following regular order and debating and amending the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs bills separately, Republican lead-ership is forcing us to consider them together. This broken process has a simple aim. Republicans are using America’s veterans as pawns to force through cuts to clean energy research and harmful policy provisions that weaken environmental standards. We all recognize the tremendous debt of gratitude we owe to those who have sacrificed for us in our Armed Forces, as well as their family members who share in their service to our country. That is why it is so important that Congress ensure our veterans receive the honors, benefits, and assistance they have earned. While I support many of the in-creases within the Military Construc-tion and Veterans Affairs bill, Repub-licans have created a dilemma by transitioning the VA Choice program from mandatory to discretionary fund-ing in the middle of fiscal year 2019. I want to make it clear: This is a se-rious decision. It should have been ade-quately debated. Even worse, Republicans have blocked consideration of my amend-ment to solve this problem. That will mean a further squeeze, and perhaps even cuts, to programs that benefit the middle class. The Bipartisan Budget Act provided an $18 billion increase for both defense and nondefense discretionary spending between fiscal years 2018 and 2019. Instead of using those resources to create jobs and grow our economy, Re-publicans have chosen to devote $4.8 billion, more than a quarter of that in-crease, to the Department of Homeland Security, presumably for President Trump’s border wall and the deporta-tion force. Not only is such spending a betrayal of our American values, it is a waste of resources that crowds out investments that keep our families and commu-nities safe, strong, and moving for-ward. Frankly, it is just part of a pattern in which Republicans are underfunding bills that will come later in the appro-priations process. For example, Republicans have not provided a single penny in additional resources to the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies appropriations bill. What does that mean? This means that they threaten to starve our schools, hurt job training and workplace rights protection, jeopardize Pell grants, and limit access to affordable healthcare, among many other ill effects. We can and must do better than spending levels that prioritize Presi-dent Trump’s border wall and attacks on immigrant communities over the urgent needs of American children, families, and seniors. Now, with regard to the Energy and Water bill specifically, we are con-fronted with a partisan bill that con-tains cuts to many important prior-ities for the American people. With gas prices approaching $3 a gal-lon, the bill cuts energy efficiency and renewable energy initiatives. It cuts transformational science efforts, such as the successful and popular ARPA-E program. And just as bad, it contains many harmful riders, including rolling back clean water protections, blocking the National Ocean Policy, further endan-gering salmon on the Columbia River, and weakening gun safety rules on pub-lic lands. These provisions and the cuts to im-portant priorities that drive innova-tion and safeguard our national secu-rity make it impossible for Democrats to support this bill. We can and must do better. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ oppose the Re-publican raw deal that cuts critical pri-orities, includes harmful poison-pill riders, and sets Congress on a path to future bills that will cause serious pain for American children, families, and seniors. Before I reserve the balance of my time, I would like to thank our chair, with whom I have always worked coop-eratively, and your staff and my staff and all those who spend many, many hours making sure we can work to-gether. However, I do hope, at the end of the process, we can put together a more responsible bipartisan bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ), the chairman of the Energy and Water Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to present to the House the fiscal year 2019 Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. Before I review the details of the bill, I would like to thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for his leadership and unwavering commitment to the appro-priations process. Our committee is back on track to bring 12 bills through the committee markup and before the full House for the second year in a row. I would also like to thank Ranking Members L
OWEY and K APTUR . As al-ways, their thoughtful approach to the issues have made this a better bill, even though I was disappointed that the gentlewoman from New York, who is my friend, said she didn’t like the Energy and Water bill just now. The Energy and Water bill totals $44.7 billion, which is $1.5 billion more than last year’s level and $8.2 billion above the budget request. Increases over last year were tar-geted to those areas where they are needed most: to provide for our Na-tion’s defense and to support our Na-tion’s infrastructure. The bill provides a total of $15.3 bil-lion for the Department of Energy’s nuclear weapons security programs, in-cluding Weapons Activities, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, and Naval Reactors, a $644 million increase above the fiscal year 2018 enacted level and $222 million above the President’s budget request. It aligns with the administration’s Nuclear Posture Review and calls for continuing to maintain a strong nu-clear deterrent to meet the challenges of a changing security environment, re-vitalizing our nuclear complex, and supporting effective arms control and nonproliferation efforts. Additionally, the bill provides for funding increases across the Depart-ment of Energy to defend against cyber attacks and within the administra-tion’s new Cybersecurity, Energy Secu-rity, and Emergency Response Office to strengthen energy-sector cybersecurity preparedness, response, and recovery. The bill includes strong funding for the Army Corps of Engineers—$451 mil-lion more than last year and $2.5 bil-lion more than the budget request. This is to address our Nation’s critical infrastructure needs. Harbor maintenance activities are funded at $1.6 billion, which is $200 mil-lion more than the fiscal year 2018 ap-propriation. The level exceeds the WRDA annual target by $160 million and represents—and I am proud of this—95 percent of the estimated rev-enue. Basic science research and applied energy research and development pro-grams at the Department of Energy, including Nuclear Energy, Fossil En-ergy, the Office of Science, Energy Ef-ficiency and Renewable Energy, and ARPA-E, are strongly supported in this bill. Taken together, these programs advance the all-of-the-above energy strategy that will support a strong na-tional economy well into the future. Finally, the bill sends a clear mes-sage that it is time to address the long- term storage of spent nuclear fuel and finish the Yucca Mountain license ap-plication, with $220 million going to the Department of Energy and $47.7 million to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. We simply cannot wait any longer to finish the license appli-cation process and proceed to construc-tion and operation of the permanent repository. This is a strong bill that incorporates priorities and interests of all Members of the House. In fact, this bill address-es, in full or in part, 94 percent of the more than 3,000 separate requests that we received from Members. I urge my colleagues to support this. Before I end, I would like to say and emphasize what the chairman said. These bills would not be possible with-out the strong work and the competent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.060 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4900 June 7, 2018 
work of the staff of the Energy and Water Appropriations Committee, both minority and majority, and also from our personal offices. They do a great job trying to address the concerns of individual Members and the requests of individual Members. We wouldn’t be able to do this without the strong work they do, and I thank them for that. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development and Related Agen-cies. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I wish to thank the ranking member from New York, N
ITALOWEY , for yielding me this time and for the wonderful work she has done on 12 bills, and this is but the first. I also want to thank the chair of the full committee, Congressman F
RELING -
HUYSEN , whose service has been so mer-itorious. We miss his service on the En-ergy and Water Development and Re-lated Agencies Committee directly, but he has moved up to greater things. I also thank Chairman S
IMPSON and the members of our fine subcommittee and our staff on our side of the aisle, Jaime Shimek and T.J. Loudermilk, and on the majority side, Angie Giancarlo, for their hard work on this bill under rushed circumstances. I value the hard work that all of you have put into this bill and the dispatch with which Chair S
IMPSON has moved through the process, including with great cordiality. Our bill contributes to ensuring the critical availability of energy and wa-terway improvements for domestic sta-bility and national security, not just for today but for the tomorrows to come. Energy is the power that flows and drives our economy and courses through our Nation. Sometimes people even forget it is there binding our country together at the community level, connecting our Nation from coast to coast, and ensuring our supe-rior defense posture globally. Our Nation has made enormous strides in increasing our energy inde-pendence by developing a broad port-folio of power sources, with no bill more important than this one in reach-ing the strategic goal of energy inde-pendence for America’s independence. But it is not yet time to declare mis-sion accomplished. Today, the price of oil is on the rise again, standing 50 per-cent higher than it was 1 year ago, due at least in part to unrest across our globe. It is no secret that every time in re-cent history—and I am talking 40, 50 years—that fuel prices exceed $4 per gallon our Nation sinks into deep re-cession. Actually, energy can become a tourniquet that throttles economic growth, and rising fuel prices means our Nation could be headed there again. So we must not lose sight of the ulti-mate goal of energy independence for American independence. Largely, thanks to the bipartisan budget agree-ment, the chairman has been able to provide increased funding levels to that end across much of our bill. Turning to the water and waterway elements in our bill, all essential to human life, our bill significantly in-creases funding for the Army Corps of Engineers to ensure continued forward progress in all regions of our country across all project areas, including navi-gation and environmental restoration. All projects are job creators and ben-efit future economic growth and envi-ronmental improvement. I am grateful for the chairman’s con-tinued partnership to address the Asian carp threat to our freshwater Great Lakes ecosystem, as well as for funding to keep our Great Lakes ports open to shippers, which drive economic invest-ment in the Great Lakes region. And, unfortunately, while the chair has been generous in the funding of most programs, the bill cuts over $400 million in funding from this year’s lev-els for next year for some of the high-est priorities to those of us on this side of the aisle. Let me enumerate them: energy effi-ciency and renewable energy, where America is making great strides and nations like China seek to blunt our lead; transformational science driven by the highest level of research in our country, the advanced research and en-ergy we call ARPA-E; and, finally, in the third important area of nuclear nonproliferation. Those accounts should not be cut. They all exist within the Department of Energy budget. b1545 These programs invest in new hori-zons to move our country and economy forward through innovation, creating jobs along the way. Think about this: Nearly 3.2 million Americans now work in clean energy industries alone. Those are jobs that didn’t exist 35 years ago. Energy means jobs, and new energy systems means economic growth. I remain troubled by the continued unsustainable spending in the Depart-ment of Energy’s weapons program. In-stead of working to rein in costs, just over a month ago, the administration submitted a budget amendment to begin work on a new, low-yield bal-listic missile, as proposed in the Nu-clear Posture Review. I remain uncon-vinced this new capability will actu-ally improve our nuclear deterrent. The CHAIR. The time of the gentle-woman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. We owe it to the Amer-ican people to have a full discussion and debate before wandering down a path to new varieties of nuclear weap-ons, including security, cost, and schedule. The bill, again, includes several un-necessary and controversial policy rid-ers, everything related to the Waters of the United States to new language leg-islating an ongoing court case in the northwest. I ask my colleagues to vote no when I offer an amendment to elimi-nate all of them. One of our biggest concerns is the damage this bill does to other bills. It is like musical chairs: if we succeed with our bill, then the 11 bills that fol-low may not have sufficient funding. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for leading us to this point. We are very proud to be the first bill on the floor this year, 2018, in the appropria-tions process. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CAR-
TER), the new chairman of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Re-lated Agencies on Appropriations, and I also thank him for his leadership and work on the Homeland Security Sub-committee as well. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to be here as the newly appointed chairman of the Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Subcommittee. I arrived post-midstream and I have a lot to learn. But I have served on this subcommittee before and I have got a great base to start with. C
HARLIE DENT and D
EBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ devel-oped such a good bill that it was ap-proved by a 47–0 vote in the full com-mittee. The Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs bill provides generously for our servicemembers, our veterans, their families, and our monuments and cemeteries. Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN  and Ranking Member L
OWEY have pro-vided strong support for this bill. I ap-preciate their leadership, as well as the participation of all of the members of the subcommittee, and I especially want to thank my ranking member, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . The bill contains $96.9 billion in budget authority, an increase of $4.2 billion over last year’s level. The fund-ing recommendation includes: $11.3 billion for military construc-tion, which is a $412 million, or 3.8 per-cent, increase over the fiscal year 2018 level. The bill includes $10.3 billion in base funding and $921 million in over-seas contingency operations funding. The level is $131 million below the re-quest. $85.3 billion for the Department of Veterans Affairs, which is an increase of nearly $4 billion, or 4.8 percent over the FY18 level, and the same as the budget request. Of the $85.3 billion pro-vided for VA, $71.2 billion is for medical care for 7 million veterans. We make important investments in many VA programs, including: mental health treatment and suicide prevention; de-velopment of the VA electronic health record; prevention of opioid abuse; and disability claims processing. And $2 billion is provided as the sec-ond year of the budget deal commit-ment for infrastructure funding for VA facilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.061 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4901 June 7, 2018 
This bill supports our troops with the facilities necessary to maintain readi-ness and morale at bases here in the United States and around the world. In addition, the bill funds our vet-erans healthcare and benefits systems to ensure that our promise to care for those who have sacrificed in defense of our Nation is met as those men and women return home. This is a strong bill, and I urge ev-eryone to support it. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN), the ranking member of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding, and I thank her for her leadership on the Appropriations Committee. I also thank my partner on the Legis-lative Branch Subcommittee on Appro-priations, Mr. Y
ODER , who was chair-man of the Legislative Branch Sub-committee on Appropriations until re-cently. He carried out his responsibil-ities as chairman in an inclusive and thoughtful manner. Not only did we hold a budget hearing with almost every agency funded under the bill, but we ended our markup with a bipartisan measure that gives most of the agen-cies in the legislative branch their full budget request. Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN is now wielding the gavel for both the full Ap-propriations Committee and the Legis-lative Branch Subcommittee. I am grateful for the courtesy he has shown me as full committee chair, and in his short tenure so far as my sub-committee chair. I know he will con-tinue to work with me as the ranking minority member in the same sort of respectful bipartisan manner as Mr. Y
ODER did. And, of course, I would like to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle: sub-committee clerk Jenny Panone, Tim Monahan, Adam Berg; and, from my of-fice, Anne Sokolov and Ryan Keating. As Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN noted, the Legislative Branch division of this bill provides $3.81 billion, excluding Senate items. With $456.4 million for the Capitol Police and $18.8 million for the House Sergeant at Arms, we are looking after the security needs of the Members, staff, and visitors both here in Wash-ington and at our district offices back home. The bill’s $5.4 million for the Office of Compliance and $147.6 million for the House chief administrative officer will support our response to the sexual har-assment that has been pervasive since longer than any of us have been Mem-bers of Congress, but has only recently become a national scandal. The $642 million for the Architect of the Capitol will help continue to re-duce our backlog of deferred mainte-nance. The $578.9 million for the Govern-ment Accountability Office will bring the Federal Government’s premier auditor and watchdog back up to the staffing level it needs to root out waste, fraud, and abuse. Those are just some of the worth-while issues to which we are putting taxpayer dollars in the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. Unfortunately, I have to oppose this bill. It isn’t because the funding for legislative branch agencies or energy and water or military construction and veterans affairs is inadequate. On the contrary. It is because the majority has taken the sequestration relief that Democrats fought for, and used it all for Republican priorities in fiscal year 2019, instead of putting it toward pro-grams that help working people sup-port their families and grow the middle class. That was not what we agreed upon. A number of the appropriations bills this year won’t see an increase at all, even though there are billions more dollars available for domestic spend-ing. The Republican plan says the Labor, Health, Human Services, and Edu-cation bill that funds the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Ad-ministration and the National Insti-tutes of Health are not priorities, even in the face of the opioid crisis that we see in Ohio. We are saying it isn’t a priority to fund the wage and hour division of the Department of Labor, which enforces Federal minimum wage, overtime pay, and recordkeeping laws to prevent wage theft. We are saying we don’t care about the Bureau of International Labor Af-fairs, whose mission it is to promote a fair global playing field for workers in the U.S. and around the world by en-forcing trade commitments, strength-ening labor standards, and more. We are saying we don’t care about job training and apprenticeship pro-grams. But we somehow have billions of dol-lars for a wasteful, unnecessary, inef-fective border wall? Shifting domestic spending away from programs that help the middle class isn’t the only way in which the majority is effectively violating the bi-partisan budget caps deal we agreed to in February. The majority is also counting over $1 billion for bipartisan veterans pro-grams against the domestic spending caps, even though those dollars were previously outside the caps. They changed the rules to move it under the caps, and you have to spend less some-where else. It is just another way of squeezing out funding for Democratic priorities. And, as we saw earlier today, they are rescinding money that we were re-lying on to write 2019 spending bills that made adequate investments in our country under the budget cap levels. Both sides understood we would use re-scinded money to cover investments in health and education, for example, and now the Republicans are taking that away. Again, changing the rules to squeeze out spending for programs that help working families. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Lastly, Repub-licans are trying to simply sit on some of the domestic funds we agreed to in the bipartisan budget deal in February. For example, in the financial services bill, Republicans are taking $585 mil-lion away. If Republicans think they can get all the way through this year’s appropria-tions process without bipartisan co-operation, good luck. And to get co-operation, you have to show good faith. We had a deal, we need to keep the deal. Mr. Chairman, I hope we can return to working together, like we did when we produced the fiscal year 2018 omni-bus, less than 3 months ago. There is still time. But, for today, we have to oppose this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman of the Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agen-cies Subcommittee, and thank him for getting through such a successful markup of 5 hours yesterday afternoon. Actually, I thank all members for their perseverance in that regard. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of these appro-priations bills on the floor. I thank the full committee chairman, R
ODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , for his dedica-tion to regular order. We are com-mitted to fulfilling our constitutional responsibility and pass these bills be-fore the end of the fiscal year, and I commend the relevant chairmen and ranking members for their hard work on these bills. One of the most important duties of Members of Congress is to provide for the United States Armed Forces. The Military Construction and Veterans Af-fairs appropriations bill does just that. In particular, the bill provides $50 mil-lion in force protection funding for each of the services. This money could be used for access control points, air traffic control towers, and fire sta-tions. This funding is particularly impor-tant for bases near my congressional district: March Air Reserve Base and Camp Pendleton. March Air Reserve Base is busier than ever, including managing the deployment of over 4,000 troops every month. In order to ensure the safety of these brave men and women, a new main gate complex is needed. At Camp Pendleton, the fire stations are in dire need of replacement. Of the top six fire stations identified for re-placement by the Navy, five are at Camp Pendleton. Of the full-time sta-tions, all but three are spartan wood- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.062 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4902 June 7, 2018 
frame structures built in the 1940s. The funding in this bill would start the process of replacing old, outdated fire stations with contemporary structures able to respond to the needs of our United States Marine Corps. I also support the Energy and Water portion of the bill put forward by my friend M
IKESIMPSON . The robust fund-ing for the Bureau of Reclamation will go to critical infrastructure, including $134 million for water storage projects. The bill includes language directing FERC to continue working with the in-dustry on cost-effective ways to in-crease the resilience of our electric transmission system. This is especially important following one of the worst fire seasons in California’s modern his-tory. The bill also provides strong funding for the Army Corps of Engineers, al-lowing them to update and improve water projects throughout the country. The report contains much-needed lan-guage for the Murrieta Creek project in my own district. The report highlights that the project is critical to the health, safety, and protection of the communities of Murrieta and Temecula. Finally, the bill also repeals the dis-astrous Waters of the United States rule that would significantly restrict the ability of private landowners to make decisions about their own prop-erty. Deciding how water should be used is a State and local issue, not the Federal Government. b1600 Mr. Chair, I thank the full committee chairman and ranking member, the rel-evant subcommittee chairmen and ranking members, and staff for their diligent work. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of the bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Military Con-struction, Veterans Affairs, and Re-lated Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I also thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and former Chairman D
ENTfor their hard work on the bill. Mr. Chair, I recognize Chairman C
AR-
TERfor taking up the reins on this bill. It is not an easy, carefree situation to come in and take over after a bill has been completely written and then have to manage it. But I am confident, given the track record that I have seen Chairman C
ARTER have, that it is going to be an absolute pleasure to work with him, as it has been all throughout my tenure on the Appropriations Com-mittee. As you all know, the MILCON–VA bill has a strong reputation for com-mon ground and bipartisanship. Chair-man D
ENTset a cooperative tone and was inclusive throughout the process before his retirement. The MILCON portion of the bill is up by $241 million over last year’s enacted level. In my opinion, the fiscal year 2019 request adequately provides fund-ing for both the Active and Reserve components. One item that I want to point out in the MILCON portion of the bill is new funding for enhancing security and safety. The bill includes $150 million for enhancing much-needed force pro-tection and safety concerns at military installations. Too often, we had situa-tions where these projects were de-ferred for big-ticket items and then never made it into the request. For the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, title 2 is $3.9 billion over, for a 5 percent increase above the fiscal year 2018 enacted level. Mr. Chairman, I am also pleased the bill rejects the administration’s pro-posal to combine the Medical Services and Community Care accounts into one enormous account, which was a bipar-tisan agreement. Maintaining the old structure of two accounts offers us the most transparency for the committee to both monitor and control spending in these two areas. Mr. Chairman, while the Military Construction-Veterans Affairs division makes many important investments, it does fall far short in averting the multibillion-dollar funding shortfall at the VA in both the Choice and Commu-nity Care programs. The majority has acknowledged this fact because included in the rule was a self-executing amendment that added $1.1 billion to the Community Care ac-count to address a discretionary short-fall caused by the VA MISSION Act, which the Democrats had repeatedly since the introduction and passage of the MISSION Act warned the majority about. Even with this additional $1.1 billion, the bill fails to address the $1.6 billion shortfall in traditional Community Care due to increased requirements. And it does nothing to address the long-term stability of the Veterans Community Care program, which CBO now estimates will need an additional $1 billion for fiscal year 2019 and at least $47 billion from fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2023. This future shortfall—make no mis-take, you can take this to the bank, mark my words—if we don’t deal with this, will ultimately force the VA to begin cannibalizing other critical VA priorities. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member LOWEY submitted an amendment to the Rules Committee that would have ad-dressed this issue, as did Mr. W
ALZin the VA authorizing process, that would have preserved the Bipartisan Budget Act deal and prevented cuts to VA pro-grams. It also would have held nondefense discretionary caps for VA negotiated under the Bipartisan Budget Act harm-less when funding for the Veterans Choice Program is transferred from mandatory to discretionary accounts. Another concern I have is that, de-spite calls to return to regular order, as many of my colleagues have dis-cussed here today, we are instead tak-ing up, completely unnecessarily—be-cause we have plenty of time to do this—three bills at once. This year es-pecially, the process should have been better. The bipartisan budget agreement en-acted in February provided us relief from unworkable discretionary spend-ing caps by giving this committee a bi-partisan top-line number for fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019. Yet here we are, for the second straight year, doing another minibus. This is extremely dis-appointing, and it is nowhere close to regular order. Mr. Chairman, if we want to return to regular order, we have to know the full 302(b) picture at the beginning of this process, not five bills in to when we have marked up over a third of the bills that we consider every year. We have to return to considering bills one at a time and under an open process that allows each Member of this body to have reasonable input. Mr. Chairman, we cannot continue to govern in this fashion. We must stop listening to the most extreme voices, because it is clear that passing any ap-propriations bill at the end of the day that will be signed into law is going to require a bipartisan majority of both houses, which this minibus will not get, in my estimation. As a result of this irresponsible pos-ture, I am incredibly disappointed that I will be voting against the minibus and look forward to working towards an appropriations product that both parties have actually worked on to-gether and can support. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ), a valuable member of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of H.R. 5895. But before I do that, I want to thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for his tre-mendous hard work and efforts and also the ranking member, Mrs. L
OWEY , for her hard work on this bill as well. Mr. Chair, this bill combines the ap-propriation bills for Energy and Water Development, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Legislative Branch. As the vice chairman of the Energy and Water Development Sub-committee, I am especially proud to support this bill, which reflects the hard work of the subcommittee mem-bers and staff under the leadership of Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Mem-ber K
APTUR . This bill provides robust funding for the National Nuclear Security Admin-istration to maintain the safety and readiness of our Nation’s nuclear weap-ons stockpile, addresses aging infra-structure in our weapons complex fa-cilities, and supports current and fu-ture missions of our great nuclear Navy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.064 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4903 June 7, 2018 
Another issue that is near and dear to me is nuclear cleanup, as both Y–12 and the Oak Ridge National Labora-tory have significant ongoing cleanup missions. As the chairman of the Nuclear Cleanup Caucus, I know that address-ing the legacy of the Cold War in com-munities around the Nation is a vital Federal commitment. This bill pro-vides the Department of Energy’s Of-fice of Environmental Management with the funding it needs to continue to live up to this commitment. I am also pleased with the strong support in this bill for the Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Notably, this bill supports continued investment in the area of supercomputing and sup-ports the Department of Energy’s goal to deploy a first-in-the-world exascale supercomputer. Much of that critical research will take place at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. There is also continued support for Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s high- flux neutron sources, which enable novel scientific research into the fun-damental nature of matter that can be formed nowhere else in the world. Funding in this bill provides critical infrastructure for our waterways, which is essential to our economy. Mr. Chair, I will close by reiterating my full, strong support for this bill and encouraging all of my colleagues to support this bill and support the in-credibly important national priorities that it funds. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member, Mrs. L
OWEY , for yielding. I rise twice today in sadness. As a member of the Appropriations Com-mittee, albeit on leave, I have great re-spect for this committee, but I rise to express my concern with this minibus legislation. Republicans brought it to the floor through a closed process and without an agreement on funding levels. Doing so, of course, shuts down debate, limits opportunity for Members to amend an appropriations bill, and sets the House up once again to shortchange impor-tant domestic priorities like healthcare and education. And let me say to my friends on the majority side, who regularly and strongly and somewhat sanctimo-niously attacked putting bills to-gether, not considering them one at a time, and have now repaired to this ‘bus system, they are putting America under the bus. And they are putting regular order under the bus. And they are putting the ability to consider bills under the bus. This minibus includes problematic cuts to funding for renewable energy programs, changes to gun safety rules, and a weakening of environmental pro-tections. So if you are for MILCON and you are for the Leg bill, you ought to vote for the stuff you don’t like. That is what this process does to all of us. I am also particularly concerned with the title funding the legislative branch. Most people won’t talk about this, but, yes, I am known as a person of this institution, and I am proud of it. I am also proud that I have fought for Members for over two decades as a leader. As many of my colleagues are aware but few Americans might be, the peo-ple’s Representatives have been asked to do more and more each year with fewer and fewer resources. The Mem-bers’ Representational Allowance ex-ists in order to ensure that Members and their staff can serve their districts and constituents in the most effective and responsible way possible. For example, my office—and all of yours—uses its resources to help vet-erans navigate the VA system, help seniors collect their Social Security benefits, and to advocate for our dis-trict’s critical military and civilian in-stallations. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, the MRA is often considered the low-hanging fruit of dis-cretionary cuts, a political messaging freebie that has no constituency to ad-vocate on its behalf. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. As result, the MRA today has shrunk to 85 percent of what it was 8 years ago. Meanwhile, the pop-ulation of the United States has grown by an estimated 19 million people. Less service for our people. That is why I wrote the Appropria-tions Committee and asked the MRA be funded at least at 2010 levels, 8 years ago. I am disappointed that was not done. At the same time—and, Members, hear this, because most of you won’t say it because you are afraid that somehow your constituents will make you pay the price—we have once again frozen the cost-of-living adjustment as the costs go up in Washington, D.C. I don’t ask for a raise for Members, but I do ask that they be kept at the same level. We ought to stop all this hair-shirting in this body and treat Members with the respect that they de-serve. Mr. Chair, I will vote against this bill. I will vote against this bill be-cause it is bad process and bad product and lets the American people down. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ), a new mem-ber of the House Appropriations Com-mittee. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN for his leadership on this bill with scores of amendments through committee. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong sup-port of H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This bill makes key investments in water resources infrastructure and coastal flood protection, increases funding for veterans healthcare and benefits, bolsters our military assets, and increases funding for the Capitol Police by $29 million. Of great importance to my district, Mr. Chair, in northeast Florida is the MILCON appropriation, which includes $111 million for two much-needed fa-cilities for the training and support of the littoral combat ship crews at Naval Station Mayport. These facilities will ensure that the LCS crews are effi-ciently and adequately trained as we continue to rebuild our fleet and de-ploy these ships in the future. Mr. Chair, I am grateful to former Chairman DENT, Chairman C ARTER , the committee staff, and my colleagues for their hard work on this package, and I urge its passage. b1615 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Washington State (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN as well as Chairman S
IMPSON for their hard work on this package of bills. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 5895, which includes the fiscal year 2019 Energy and Water Develop-ment Appropriations bill. Of all the funding bills I work on with my colleagues on the Appropria-tions Committee, the Energy and Water legislation is one of the most important for my district of central Washington. From supporting the continued cleanup efforts at the Hanford nuclear site to boosting the groundbreaking scientific research conducted at the Pacific Northwest National Labora-tory, to aiding the vitally important water projects managed and developed by both the Army Corps of Engineers as well as the Bureau of Reclamation, this bill is composed of important re-sources for central Washington. Regarding Hanford, I am proud this bill restores more than $200 million from the President’s request for the Richland office to continue providing for continued safe and effective clean-up operations onsite. I am also pleased with the restora-tion of more than $40 million to the Of-fice of River Protection to continue important work on the 56 million gal-lons of radioactive nuclear waste that is stored at the site. I remain steadfast in my commit-ment to holding the Federal Govern-ment accountable to its moral and legal obligation to the cleanup of the Hanford site, and this bill does pre-cisely that, so thank you. I am also encouraged by this legisla-tion’s demonstrated commitment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.066 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4904 June 7, 2018 
moving forward with Yucca Mountain as the lead geological repository for legacy waste and spent nuclear fuel, as well as the continued commitment to support science, including robust fund-ing for Basic Energy Sciences, cyberse-curity, and the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration. These programs are important for the groundbreaking work conducted at PNNL to tackle some of the most challenging problems in energy, the environment, and in na-tional security. Finally, this legislation includes a provision that I authored to stop the dangerous, antiscience forced spill order currently in effect on the eight lower Snake and lower Columbia River dams, which began in early April of this year. Just a week ago, Mr. Chairman, we received news from the Army Corps that fish managers are having to take measures to manage the effects of this reckless spill order. High flow rates from the forced spill are causing fish to stall in their migration upstream, with only 300 to 400 spring chinook passing through Little Goose Dam in late May. However, after the Corps reduced the spill rate by just 20 percent a week ago, the daily passage rose to 2,689 fish. This demonstrates the strain the spill order is placing on our endangered spe-cies. Some of my colleagues refuse to ac-knowledge this unambiguous scientific data and claim to support endangered fish species with their words. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, they claim to support the endangered spe-cies with their words but not with their actions. I am proud to have advocated for the inclusion of this language to stop this misguided spill to help save our fish and save our dams. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 5895. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ), chairman of the Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies Sub-committee on Appropriations. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this first pack-age of FY 2019 appropriations bills. This combined bill that we are talking about today is the start of the process, and it is a good example of how the House is doing its job. We have had a lot of hearings and we have had a lot of meetings with admin-istration officials over the last several months, and we have talked about their budget and how they justified it and how we are moving through the process. The Appropriations Committee has now taken action. We have marked up and passed these bills that are before us out of the subcommittee. We have passed them out of the committee. The House has taken action with this legis-lative package that we will pass tomor-row, and now it is the Senate’s turn. Mr. Chairman, let me point out that the Senate has passed just two appro-priations bills through subcommittee and full committee and had floor votes in the Senate since 2012, just two standalone bills in 6 years. Mr. Chairman, certainly I think it is a real problem. The House is doing its job and it is time for the Senate to do theirs, and they may have to stay in session during the month of August to get their work done. The President has promised that he will not sign another 12-bill package omnibus bill. We are doing our part here to ensure the process moves for-ward and that we have the bills to con-ference with the Senate once they are completed. So I urge my colleagues to support this three-bill package to fund our veterans’ healthcare, infrastruc-ture package, and these other impor-tant programs. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ), a great member of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, as a member of the committee of jurisdic-tion, I am proud to rise today in strong support of the fiscal year 2019 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Ap-propriations bill. Our military servicemembers have made immeasurable sacrifices for our Nation, and we are forever indebted to the brave men and women who have served. Providing access to benefits ranging from medical care to education opportunities is a small, yet impor-tant, symbol of gratitude for their service. The bill before us today improves the management of the VA facilities across the Nation and rebuilds our military infrastructure at facilities such as Naval Air Station Lemoore in Califor-nia’s 21st Congressional District, the district I have the honor of rep-resenting. But, most importantly, the legisla-tion ensures our veterans get the care they deserve. In fact, I am proud to say this historic piece of legislation pro-vides the VA with more financial re-sources than any other previous year, resources desperately needed in order to ensure our veterans receive the serv-ices and treatment they have earned and truly deserve. In rural areas like California’s Cen-tral Valley, where unemployment is high and primary care options are lim-ited, healthcare options are, unfortu-nately, inadequate. This is especially true for our Nation’s veterans living in rural America. However, this package delivers targeted, results-oriented solu-tions to increase access to healthcare for 3 million veterans living in rural communities across the Nation. On top of that, more than 450,000 vet-erans from coast to coast are waiting to be compensated for medical claims they have submitted to the VA, and this is simply unacceptable. As a result of this legislation, we can cut through that backlog and provide our veterans with the financial relief they des-perately need. Mr. Chairman, I stand here today representing the 22,000 veterans who call California’s 21st Congressional Dis-trict home. They have sacrificed so much for us and it is past time that we repay the favor. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ), chairman of the Energy and Water De-velopment, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
UR-
TIS) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of increased funding for the Moab UMTRA project in the un-derlying legislation. This bill would fund the site cleanup at $42 million, an increase of approximately $4 million over last year’s funding. Located just across the street from Arches National Park, the Energy De-partment is currently undertaking the largest uranium mill tailing pile relo-cation in the United States. Once the cleanup is complete, this valuable real estate can be used for a wide variety of economic and other uses in the area. I appreciate the leadership of Chair-man S
IMPSON on this issue as well as his support of other programs that are important to the West within his sub-committee. I urge my colleagues to support funding for the Moab UMTRA project as well as the underlying legis-lation. Mr. SIMPSON. Reclaiming my time, I appreciate my colleague’s support for the cleanup activities of the Depart-ment of Energy. The bill provides $62 million for the cleanup at DOE’s nondefense small sites, $7.1 million above the budget re-quest. Within that, funding for the Moab uranium mill tailings site is available at $42 million. We would be pleased to work with the gentleman from Utah on expediting cleanup of the site and appreciate his support for the underlying legislation. Mr. CURTIS. I would like to thank Chairman S
IMPSON for his support of the Moab UMTRA cleanup. I look for-ward to continuing to work on this issue as well as other issues that can benefit our constituents and the Amer-ican people. Again, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, which guts critical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.068 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4905 June 7, 2018 
investments in clean energy, guts clean water protection. The Republican raw deal prioritizes President Trump’s border wall and de-portation force over much-needed in-creases to services that help American families, from early childhood edu-cation, job training, to securing the sanctity of our elections. I vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I am pleased to urge Members to vote for this three-bill package. I know that both Members of the majority and minority have worked hard on those bills. I think it is important we deliver this package for the American people. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Mem-ber L
OWEY for yielding and for her tireless work. Mr. Chair, as a member of the Appropria-tions Committee, I rise in strong opposition to this bill—H.R. 5895—the Fiscal Year 2019 En-ergy and Water, Leg Branch, and MilconVA spending bills. This Republican minibus fails to protect the health, security, and safety of the American people. And really, this bill is an attempt to block critical funding for education, health, and the economic security. Once again, Republicans are funding de-fense at the expense of priorities here at home. This is shameful and short-sighted. Mr. Chair, the Pentagon does not need more funding. A Washington Post report in 2016 exposed $125 billion in waste, fraud and abuse at the Pentagon. But rather than come clean, leaders at the Pentagon chose to bury the report and continue wasting taxpayer dol-lars. Yet, Republicans want to increase Defense spending by $17 billion. Mr. Chair—instead of making defense contractors even richer, how about we start helping struggling families home at home? At a time when we should invest robustly in the American people, Republicans are doing just the opposite. The partisan bill before us cuts vital clean energy initiatives, attacks job-creating invest-ments, and slashes funds for nuclear non-pro-liferation efforts. All this bill does is make it harder to grow the economy and for hardworking Americans to succeed. By flat funding four of our most important domestic spending bills—including Labor, HHS, and Education, the funding sub-committee I sit on—there will be less money for job training, education, and public health. This is a shame, Mr. Chair. And I am sad to say that with the flat fund-ing of many of our bills—people will lose out. Ameicans want good-paying jobs. They want to be able to see a doctor when they’re sick. They want safe schools to send their kids to. But instead, Republicans keep short-changing families so that billionaires, polluters and defense contractors can pad their pock-ets. This bill is a disgrace. I urge my colleagues to vote no. The CHAIR. All time for general de-bate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–71 shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5-minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 5895 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION A—ENERGY AND WATER DEVEL-OPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES AP-PROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY C
ORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL The following appropriations shall be ex-pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic infor-mation pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of proposed river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restora-tion projects, and related efforts prior to con-struction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construction, $128,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary shall initiate six new study starts during fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been sub-mitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
CONSTRUCTION  For expenses necessary for the construction of river and harbor, flood and storm damage re-duction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem res-toration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participation by States, local govern-ments, or private groups) authorized or made el-igible for selection by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to construction); $2,323,000,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are nec-essary to cover the Federal share of construction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities program shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover one-half of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabili-tation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Water-ways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifi-cally provided for in law: Provided, That the Secretary shall initiate five new construction starts during fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That for new construction projects, project cost sharing agreements shall be executed as soon as practicable but no later than August 31, 2019: Provided further, That no allocation for a new start shall be considered final and no work al-lowance shall be made until the Secretary pro-vides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an out-year funding scenario demonstrating the affordability of the selected new starts and the impacts on other projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage re-duction projects and related efforts in the Mis-sissippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $430,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and har-bor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects au-thorized by law; providing security for infra-structure owned or operated by the Corps, in-cluding administrative buildings and labora-tories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straight-ening channels; and removing obstructions to navigation, $3,820,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are nec-essary to cover the Federal share of eligible op-eration and maintenance costs for coastal har-bors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the special account for the Corps of Engi-neers established by the Land and Water Con-servation Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, research, interpretation, and maintenance activities re-lated to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is available; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104– 303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material dis-posal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Provided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the pro-grams, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field oper-ating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appro-priate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall al-locate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. 
REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.069 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4906 June 7, 2018 
waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION  
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up contami-nation from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $150,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and sup-port emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters as au-thorized by law, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of En-gineers and the offices of the Division Engi-neers; and for costs of management and oper-ation of the Humphreys Engineer Center Sup-port Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allo-cable to the civil works program, $187,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for offi-cial reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation pro-vided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works executive direction and management activities of the division of-fices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the supervision and general admin-istration of emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to any flood, hurri-cane, or other natural disaster. 
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE  
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of such amount may be ob-ligated or expended until the Assistant Sec-retary submits to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the addi-tional funding provided under each heading in this title (as designated under such heading in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act) to specific programs, projects, or activities. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or ex-penditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any pro-gram, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; (4) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act; (5) increases funds for any program, project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (6) reduces funds for any program, project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less. (b) Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity authorized under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948, section 14 of the Flood Control Act of 1946, section 208 of the Flood Control Act of 1954, section 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960, section 103 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962, section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968, section 1135 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986, sec-tion 206 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996, or section 204 of the Water Re-sources Development Act of 1992. (c) The Corps of Engineers shall submit re-ports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress de-tailing all the funds reprogrammed between pro-grams, projects, activities, or categories of fund-ing. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. SEC. 102. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. S
EC. 103. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. S
EC. 104. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alternative for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries there-to, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341): Provided, That until an open lake placement alternative for dredged material is approved under a State water quality certifi-cation, the Corps of Engineers shall continue upland placement of such dredged material con-sistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211). S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for any acquisition of buoy chain that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007, subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2). S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any water supply reallocation study under the Wolf Creek Dam, Lake Cumberland, Kentucky, project au-thorized under the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 636, ch. 595). S
EC. 107. Notwithstanding section 404(f)(2) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(2)), none of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identi-fied in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). S
EC. 108. The final rule issued by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: ‘Definition of Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37053 (June 29, 2015)) is repealed, and, until such time as the Adminis-trator and the Secretary issue a final rule after the date of enactment of this Act defining the scope of waters protected under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and such new final rule goes into effect, any regulation or policy re-vised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, the rule repealed by this section shall be applied as if that repealed rule had not been issued. S
EC. 109. As of the date of enactment of this Act and each fiscal year thereafter, the Sec-retary of the Army shall not promulgate or en-force any regulation that prohibits an indi-vidual from possessing a firearm, including an assembled or functional firearm, at a water re-sources development project covered under sec-tion 327.0 of title 36, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if— (1) the individual is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing the firearm; and (2) the possession of the firearm is in compli-ance with the law of the State in which the water resources development project is located. SEC. 110. For fiscal year 2019, none of the funds provided in this Act or available in the re-volving fund established by the Civil Functions Appropriations Act of 1954 (33 U.S.C. 576(a)) may be obligated or expended on a new hopper dredge. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR C
ENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $898,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Miti-gation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this head-ing, $1,398,675 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for expenses necessary in carrying out related responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, of the amount made available to the Com-mission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be ex-pended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and restora-tion of water and related natural resources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilitation of reclamation and other facilities, participation in fulfilling related Federal responsibilities to Native Ameri-cans, and related grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local govern-ments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,381,992,000, to remain available until expended, of which $67,393,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be available for trans-fer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Develop-ment Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be increased or decreased within the overall appropriation under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Rec-lamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contrib-uted under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until ex-pended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Provided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for high-priority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as au-thorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. 
CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and ac-quisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $62,008,000, to be de-rived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursu-ant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4907 June 7, 2018 
expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Rec-lamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and res-toration payments authorized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leas-ing of water for in-stream purposes if the water is already committed to in-stream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
CALIFORNIA BAY -DELTA RESTORATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Fed-eral agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided fur-ther, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear performance measures demonstrating concurrent progress in achieving the goals and objectives of the Program. 
POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, administra-tion, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and offices in the five regions of the Bureau of Reclamation, to remain available until September 30, 2020, $61,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimbursable as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administration expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclamation shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for re-placement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR S
EC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or ex-penditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; (4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress; (5) transfers funds in excess of the following limits— (A) 15 percent for any program, project or ac-tivity for which $2,000,000 or more is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $400,000 for any program, project or activ-ity for which less than $2,000,000 is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Re-habilitation category or the Resources Manage-ment and Development category to any pro-gram, project, or activity in the other category; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclamation, more than $5,000,000 to provide adequate funds for settled contractor claims, increased con-tractor earnings due to accelerated rates of op-erations, and real estate deficiency judgments. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Oper-ation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation cat-egory. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘transfer’’ means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall submit reports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be sub-mitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of discharge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the State of California of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of California as approved by the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joa-quin Valley Drainage Program shall be classi-fied by the Secretary of the Interior as reimburs-able or nonreimbursable and collected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Pro-gram—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ de-scribed in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Re-port, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, Feb-ruary 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future ob-ligations of funds by the United States relating to, or providing for, drainage service or drain-age studies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reimbursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal rec-lamation law. S
EC. 203. Hereinafter, notwithstanding any other provision of law, during the period from November 1 through April 30, water users may use their diversion structures for the purpose of recharging the Eastern Snake Plain Aquifer, when the Secretary, in consultation with the Advisory Committee and Water District 1 watermaster, determines there is water available in excess of that needed to satisfy existing Minidoka Project storage and hydropower rights and ensure operational flexibility. S
EC. 204. Section 9001(d) of the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1295) is amended by striking ‘‘10’’ and inserting ‘‘20’’. S
EC. 205. None of the funds in this Act shall be available to implement the Stipulation of Set-tlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of California, No. Civ. 9 S–88–1658 LKK/GGH) or subtitle A of title X of Public Law 111–11. S
EC. 206. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for the purchase of water in the State of California to supplement instream flow within a river basin that has suffered a drought within the last two years. S
EC. 207. Section 9(c)(1) of the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 (43 U.S.C. 485h(c)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and pumped storage hy-dropower development exclusively using Bureau of Reclamation reservoirs’’ after ‘‘including small conduit hydropower development’’. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS E
NERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for energy efficiency and re-newable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, $2,078,640,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $153,700,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. CYBERSECURITY , ENERGY SECURITY , AND E
MERGENCY RESPONSE  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for energy sector cybersecurity, energy security, and emergency response activi-ties in carrying out the purposes of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or ex-pansion, $146,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $11,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. E
LECTRICITY DELIVERY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for electricity delivery activi-ties in carrying out the purposes of the Depart-ment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or ex-pansion, $175,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $17,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. N
UCLEAR ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expan-sion, $1,346,090,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $66,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. F
OSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out fossil energy research and devel-opment activities, under the authority of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defeasible and equitable in-terests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition or expansion, and for conducting inquiries, technological inves-tigations and research concerning the extrac-tion, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and en-vironmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $785,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount $61,070,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for pro-gram direction. N
AVAL PETROLEUM AND OILSHALE RESERVES  For Department of Energy expenses necessary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale re-serve activities, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, unobligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activi-ties. S
TRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facility develop-ment and operations and program management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $252,000,000, to remain available until expended: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4908 June 7, 2018 
Provided, That, as authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note), the Secretary of En-ergy shall draw down and sell not to exceed $300,000,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve in fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the ‘‘Energy Se-curity and Infrastructure Modernization Fund’’ during fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That such amounts shall be made available and shall remain available until expended for necessary expenses to carry out the Life Extension II project for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. SPR P
ETROLEUM ACCOUNT  For the acquisition, transportation, and injec-tion of petroleum products, and for other nec-essary expenses pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), sections 403 and 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6241, 6239 note), and sec-tion 5010 of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114–255), $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. N
ORTHEAST HOMEHEATING OILRESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $10,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended. E
NERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities of the Energy In-formation Administration, $125,000,000, to re-main available until expended. N
ON-DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for non-defense environmental clean-up activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facil-ity or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $240,000,000, to remain avail-able until expended. U
RANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  D
ECOMMISSIONING FUND For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out uranium enrichment facility de-contamination and decommissioning, remedial actions, and other activities of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $870,000,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment De-contamination and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $32,959,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, including for the purchase of not to exceed one ambulance for replacement only. S
CIENCE  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other ex-penses necessary for science activities in car-rying out the purposes of the Department of En-ergy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 16 passenger motor vehicles and one airplane for replacement only, including one bus, $6,600,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $183,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. N
UCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for nuclear waste disposal activities to carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (Public Law 97–425), as amended (herein-after referred to as the ‘‘NWPA’’), including the acquisition of any real property or facility con-struction, or expansion, $190,000,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and defense nuclear waste dis-posal activities, 1.62 percent shall be provided to the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Nevada solely for expenditures, other than salaries and expenses of State employees, to con-duct scientific oversight responsibilities and par-ticipate in licensing activities pursuant to the NWPA: Provided further, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste dis-posal and defense nuclear waste disposal activi-ties, 2.91 percent shall be provided to affected units of local government, as defined in the NWPA, to conduct appropriate activities and participate in licensing activities under Section 116(c) of the NWPA: Provided further, That of the amounts provided to affected units of local government, 7.5 percent shall be made available to affected units of local government in Cali-fornia with the balance made available to af-fected units of local government in Nevada for distribution as determined by the Nevada af-fected units of local government: Provided fur-ther, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and defense nu-clear waste disposal activities, 0.16 percent shall be provided to the affected Federally-recognized Indian tribes, as defined in the NWPA, solely for expenditures, other than salaries and ex-penses of tribal employees, to conduct appro-priate activities and participate in licensing ac-tivities under section 118(b) of the NWPA: Pro-vided further, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and de-fense nuclear waste disposal activities, 3.0 per-cent shall be provided to Nye County, Nevada, 0.05 percent shall be provided to Clark County, Nevada, and 0.46 percent shall be provided to the State of Nevada as payment equal to taxes under section 116(c)(3) of the NWPA: Provided further, That within 90 days of the completion of each Federal fiscal year, the Office of the At-torney General of the State of Nevada, each af-fected Federally-recognized Indian tribe, and each of the affected units of local government shall provide certification to the Department of Energy that all funds expended from such pay-ments have been expended for activities author-ized by the NWPA and this Act: Provided fur-ther, That failure to provide such certification shall cause such entity to be prohibited from any further funding provided for similar activi-ties: Provided further, That none of the funds herein appropriated may be: (1) used for litiga-tion expenses; (2) used for interim storage activi-ties; or (3) used to support multi-State efforts or other coalition building activities inconsistent with the restrictions contained in this Act: Pro-vided further, That all proceeds and recoveries realized by the Secretary in carrying out activi-ties authorized by the NWPA, including but not limited to any proceeds from the sale of assets, shall be credited to this account, to remain available until expended, for carrying out the purposes of this account. ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY — E
NERGY  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities authorized by sec-tion 5012 of the America COMPETES Act (Pub-lic Law 110–69), $325,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $29,250,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. T
ITLE17 INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN G
UARANTEE PROGRAM  Such sums as are derived from amounts re-ceived from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected in accordance with section 502(7) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974: Provided, That for necessary administrative expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $32,000,000 is ap-propriated from fees collected in prior years pur-suant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 which are not otherwise appro-priated, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That if the amount in the previous proviso is not available from such fees, an amount for such purposes is also appro-priated from the general fund so as to result in a total amount appropriated for such purpose of no more than $32,000,000: Provided further, That fees collected pursuant to such section 1702(h) for fiscal year 2019 shall be credited as offsetting collections under this heading and shall not be available until appropriated: Pro-vided further, That the Department of Energy shall not subordinate any loan obligation to other financing in violation of section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obligation to any loan or other debt obligations in violation of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES  M
ANUFACTURING LOANPROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative ex-penses necessary in carrying out the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Pro-gram, $5,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. T
RIBAL ENERGY LOANGUARANTEE PROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative ex-penses necessary in carrying out the Tribal En-ergy Loan Guarantee Program, $1,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2020. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  For salaries and expenses of the Department of Energy necessary for departmental adminis-tration in carrying out the purposes of the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $280,524,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $30,000, plus such additional amounts as nec-essary to cover increases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwith-standing the provisions of the Anti-Deficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided, That such increases in cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Pro-vided further, That moneys received by the De-partment for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $96,000,000 in fiscal year 2019 may be re-tained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provi-sions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropria-tion from the general fund estimated at not more than $184,524,000. O
FFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $51,330,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION W
EAPONS ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other inci-dental expenses necessary for atomic energy de-fense weapons activities in carrying out the pur-poses of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acqui-sition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and the purchase of not to exceed one ambulance for replacement only, $11,200,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4909 June 7, 2018 
$102,022,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other inci-dental expenses necessary for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, and the pur-chase of not to exceed three aircraft, $1,902,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. N
AVAL REACTORS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for naval reactors activities to carry out the De-partment of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition (by pur-chase, condemnation, construction, or other-wise) of real property, plant, and capital equip-ment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,788,618,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which, $85,500,000 shall be trans-ferred to ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Pro-grams—Nuclear Energy’’, for the Advanced Test Reactor: Provided, That of such amount, $48,709,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. F
EDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for Federal Salaries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $422,529,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, including official re-ception and representation expenses not to ex-ceed $12,000. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES D
EFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environ-mental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organi-zation Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real prop-erty or any facility or for plant or facility acqui-sition, construction, or expansion, and the pur-chase of not to exceed one passenger minivan for replacement only, $5,759,220,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $295,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. O
THER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other ex-penses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classified activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expan-sion, $870,300,000, to remain available until ex-pended: Provided, That of such amount, $301,085,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for nuclear waste disposal activities to carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, as amended, including the acquisition of real property or facility construction or expan-sion, $30,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS B
ONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Ad-ministration Fund, established pursuant to Pub-lic Law 93–454, are approved for official recep-tion and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fis-cal year 2019, no new direct loan obligations may be made. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  P
OWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, in-cluding transmission wheeling and ancillary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Con-trol Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $6,500,000, includ-ing official reception and representation ex-penses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to re-main available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $6,500,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Adminis-tration from the sale of power and related serv-ices shall be credited to this account as discre-tionary offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended for the sole purpose of fund-ing the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual ex-penses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That not-withstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $55,360,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Adminis-tration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling ex-penses shall be credited to this account as off-setting collections, to remain available until ex-pended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided fur-ther, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHWESTERN  P
OWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of transmission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including offi-cial reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out sec-tion 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Ad-ministration, $45,802,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $35,402,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Adminis-tration from the sale of power and related serv-ices shall be credited to this account as discre-tionary offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the South-western Power Administration: Provided fur-ther, That the sum herein appropriated for an-nual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $10,400,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $10,000,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this ac-count as offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this ap-propriation, annual expenses means expendi-tures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). CONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE , W ESTERN AREA POWER  A
DMINISTRATION  For carrying out the functions authorized by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of Au-gust 4, 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7152), and other related activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $265,142,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended, of which $265,142,000 shall be derived from the Depart-ment of the Interior Reclamation Fund: Pro-vided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, sec-tion 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and section 1 of the Interior Department Appropriation Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $175,770,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and re-lated services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Western Area Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are re-ceived during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $89,372,000, of which $89,372,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $180,408,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this ac-count as offsetting collections, to remain avail-able until expended for the sole purpose of mak-ing purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this ap-propriation, annual expenses means expendi-tures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). F
ALCON AND AMISTAD OPERATING AND  M
AINTENANCE FUND For operation, maintenance, and emergency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Fal-con and Amistad Dams, $5,207,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Mainte-nance Fund of the Western Area Power Admin-istration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided, That not-withstanding the provisions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $4,979,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Fal-con and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associ-ated Western Area Power Administration activi-ties: Provided further, That the sum herein ap-propriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appro-priation estimated at not more than $228,000: Provided further, That for purposes of this ap-propriation, annual expenses means expendi-tures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may ac-cept up to $122,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the pur-pose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided further, That any such funds shall be available without further appro-priation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commissioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4910 June 7, 2018 
Water Commission for the sole purpose of oper-ating, maintaining, repairing, rehabilitating, re-placing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Commis-sioner, and the power customers. F
EDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provi-sions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $369,900,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, not to exceed $369,900,000 of reve-nues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2019 shall be retained and used for expenses necessary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum here-in appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund esti-mated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or au-thority made available by this title for the De-partment of Energy shall be used to initiate or resume any program, project, or activity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (including Requests for Quotations, Requests for Information, and Funding Opportunity Announcements) for a program, project, or activity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Con-gress. (b)(1) Unless the Secretary of Energy notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full business days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— (A) make a grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (B) make a discretionary contract award or Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) issue a letter of intent to make an alloca-tion, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B); or (D) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the con-clusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (3) The notification required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated, the ac-count and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief description of the activ-ity for which the award is made. (c) The Department of Energy may not, with respect to any program, project, or activity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Department of En-ergy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— (1) the contract, grant, or cooperative agree-ment is funded for the full period of perform-ance as anticipated at the time of award; or (2) the contract, grant, or cooperative agree-ment includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 days in ad-vance. (d) Except as provided in subsections (e), (f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the ‘‘Bill’’ column in the ‘‘Department of En-ergy’’ table included under the heading ‘‘Title III—Department of Energy’’ in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act. (e) The amounts made available by this title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to in-crease or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time pe-riod covered by this Act. (f) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a program, project, or activity; (2) increases funds or personnel for any pro-gram, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or (3) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act. (g)(1) The Secretary of Energy may waive any requirement or restriction in this section that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or restriction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environ-ment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a require-ment or restriction would otherwise have ap-plied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. (h) The unexpended balances of prior appro-priations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally en-acted. S
EC. 302. Funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Con-gress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fis-cal year 2019 until the enactment of the Intel-ligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. S
EC. 303. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for the construction of fa-cilities classified as high-hazard nuclear facili-ties under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Enter-prise Assessments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. S
EC. 304. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to approve critical deci-sion-2 or critical decision-3 under Department of Energy Order 413.3B, or any successive depart-mental guidance, for construction projects where the total project cost exceeds $100,000,000, until a separate independent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. S
EC. 305. The Secretary of Energy may not transfer more than $274,833,000 from the amounts made available under this title to the working capital fund established under section 653 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7263): Provided, That the Sec-retary may transfer additional amounts to the working capital fund after the Secretary pro-vides notification in advance of any such trans-fer to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That any such notification shall identify the sources of funds by program, project, or activity: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress before adding or removing any activi-ties from the fund. SEC. 306. (a) None of the funds made available in this or any prior Act under the heading ‘‘De-fense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ may be made available to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Russian Federation. (b) The Secretary of Energy may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) if the Secretary de-termines that such activity is in the national se-curity interests of the United States. This waiv-er authority may not be delegated. (c) A waiver under subsection (b) shall not be effective until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress, in clas-sified form if necessary, a report on the jus-tification for the waiver. S
EC. 307. (a) N EWREGIONAL RESERVES .—The Secretary of Energy may not establish any new regional petroleum product reserve unless fund-ing for the proposed regional petroleum product reserve is explicitly requested in advance in an annual budget submission and approved by the Congress in an appropriations Act. (b) The budget request or notification shall in-clude— (1) the justification for the new reserve; (2) a cost estimate for the establishment, oper-ation, and maintenance of the reserve, including funding sources; (3) a detailed plan for operation of the re-serve, including the conditions upon which the products may be released; (4) the location of the reserve; and (5) the estimate of the total inventory of the reserve. S
EC. 308. (a) Funds provided by this Act for Project 99–D–143, Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility, and any funds provided by prior Acts for such Project that remain unobligated, may be made available only for construction and project support activities for such Project. (b) The Secretary of Energy may waive the re-quirement under subsection (a) if the Secretary concurrently submits to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress— (1) the commitment, certification, and details described in section 3121(b) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1892); and (2) the lifecycle cost estimate used to make such certification. (c) If the Secretary waives the requirements under subsection (a), the Secretary may not use funds provided for the Project described in such subsection to eliminate such Project until the date that is 30 days after the submission of the lifecycle cost estimate required under subsection (b)(2). S
EC. 309. Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), upon a determination by the President in this fiscal year that a regional supply shortage of refined petroleum product of significant scope and duration exists, that a severe increase in the price of refined petroleum product will likely result from such shortage, and that a draw down and sale of refined petroleum product would assist directly and significantly in reduc-ing the adverse impact of such shortage, the Secretary of Energy may draw down and sell re-fined petroleum product from the Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve. Proceeds from a sale under this section shall be deposited into the SPR Petro-leum Account established in section 167 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4911 June 7, 2018 
Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6247), and such amounts shall be available for obligation, without fiscal year limitation, con-sistent with that section. S
EC. 310. (a) R EPORT .—The Secretary of En-ergy shall submit to Congress and the State of Nevada a report on the potential of locating a reprocessing or recycling facility for spent nu-clear fuel near the Yucca Mountain site. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary shall include in the report required under subsection (a) a de-scription of— (1) the energy technology benefits associated with a reprocessing or recycling facility for spent nuclear fuel; (2) the potential economic benefits for the host community associated with such a facility, in-cluding employment, infrastructure develop-ment, and workforce development benefits; (3) the energy and national security implica-tions for the supply and availability of nuclear fuel associated with such a facility; and (4) the potential for locating other nuclear fuel cycle facilities near the Yucca Mountain site, such as an enrichment facility for national defense purposes. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the report required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with institutions in the Nevada System of Higher Education, as defined by the State of Nevada, with prior reprocessing re-search experience. (d) Y
UCCA MOUNTAIN SITEDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Yucca Mountain site’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(30) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101(30)). TITLE IV INDEPENDENT AGENCIES A
PPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the pro-grams authorized by the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, and for expenses nec-essary for the Federal Co-Chairman and the Al-ternate on the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, in-cluding services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $155,000,000, to remain available until expended. D
EFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Defense Nu-clear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out ac-tivities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100–456, section 1441, $31,243,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. D
ELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Delta Regional Authority and to carry out its activities, as au-thorized by the Delta Regional Authority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended. D
ENALI COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Denali Com-mission including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment as necessary and other expenses, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwith-standing the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided, That funds shall be available for con-struction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed com-munities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106–113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for non-distressed communities: Pro-vided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding payment of a non- Federal share in connection with a grant-in-aid program, amounts under this heading shall be available for the payment of such a non-Federal share for programs undertaken to carry out the purposes of the Commission. NORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Northern Bor-der Regional Commission in carrying out activi-ties authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $12,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be available for administrative expenses, notwithstanding section 15751(b) of title 40, United States Code. S
OUTHEAST CRESCENT REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $250,000, to remain avail-able until expended. N
UCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Commission in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorga-nization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $953,050,000, including official represen-tation expenses not to exceed $25,000, to remain available until expended, of which $47,700,000 shall be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided, That of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $9,500,000 may be made available for salaries, travel, and other support costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which, notwithstanding section 201(a)(2)(c) of the En-ergy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5841(a)(2)(c)), the use and expenditure shall only be approved by a majority vote of the Com-mission: Provided further, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $763,640,000 in fiscal year 2019 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, and shall re-main available until expended: Provided fur-ther, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not less than $9,896,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regu-latory infrastructure for advanced nuclear tech-nologies, and $16,080,000 shall be for inter-national activities, except that the amounts pro-vided under this proviso shall not be derived from fee revenues, notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 2214: Provided further, That the sum herein ap-propriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $189,410,000: Pro-vided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for uni-versity research and development in areas rel-evant to the Commission’s mission, and $5,000,000 shall be for a Nuclear Science and En-gineering Grant Program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with pro-grammatic missions but are critical to maintain-ing the discipline of nuclear science and engi-neering, except that the amounts provided under this proviso shall not be derived from fee revenues, notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 2214. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of In-spector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,609,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Pro-vided, That revenues from licensing fees, inspec-tion services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,355,000 in fiscal year 2019 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2020, for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,254,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $1,103,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. NUCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, as authorized by Pub-lic Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until September 30, 2020. GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES S
EC. 401. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall comply with the July 5, 2011, version of Chapter VI of its Internal Commission Proce-dures when responding to Congressional re-quests for information, consistent with Depart-ment of Justice guidance for all federal agen-cies. S
EC. 402. (a) The amounts made available by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (b)(1) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may waive the notification requirement in sub-section (a) if compliance with such requirement would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under para-graph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would other-wise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under para-graph (1) that permitted such waiver and shall provide a detailed report to the Committees of such waiver and changes to funding levels to programs, projects, or activities. (c) Except as provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d), the amounts made available by this title for ‘‘Nuclear Regulatory Commission—Sala-ries and Expenses’’ shall be expended as di-rected in the report of the Committee on Appro-priations accompanying this Act. (d) None of the funds provided for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogram-ming of funds that increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act. (e) The Commission shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, which includes the fol-lowing for each program, project, or activity, in-cluding any prior year appropriations— (1) total budget authority; (2) total unobligated balances; and (3) total unliquidated obligations. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or in-directly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pend-ing before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. S
EC. 502. (a) None of the funds made available in title III of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4912 June 7, 2018 
accompanying this Act, or any authority where-by a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (b) None of the funds made available for any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer au-thority provided in this Act or any other appro-priations Act for any fiscal year, transfer au-thority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Govern-ment may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (c) The head of any relevant department or agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a semi-annual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the year- to-date. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or mod-ify existing notification requirements for each authority. S
EC. 503. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Execu-tive Order No. 12898 of February 11, 1994 (Fed-eral Actions to Address Environmental Justice in Minority Populations and Low-Income Popu-lations). S
EC. 504. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to further implementation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Policy developed under Execu-tive Order No. 13547 of July 19, 2010. S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act, or federal funds provided from any other source, may be used to operate the Federal Columbia River Power System hydroelectric dams in a manner that is inconsistent with the Army Corps of Engineers’ 2017 Fish Operations Plan. S
EC. 507. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the removal of any fed-erally owned or operated dam unless the re-moval was previously authorized by Congress. S
EC. 508. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to conduct closure of adju-dicatory functions, technical review, or support activities associated with the Yucca Mountain geologic repository license application, or for ac-tions that irrevocably remove the possibility that Yucca Mountain may be a repository option in the future. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 509. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  S
EC. 510. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–697. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 511. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Ap-propriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION B—LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I LEGISLATIVE BRANCH HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the House of Representatives, $1,232,143,035, as follows: H
OUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES  For salaries and expenses, as authorized by law, $25,378,875, including: Office of the Speak-er, $7,123,634, including $25,000 for official ex-penses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,642,739, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,751,946, includ-ing $10,000 for official expenses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $2,197,163, in-cluding $5,000 for official expenses of the Major-ity Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, includ-ing the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,700,079, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Mi-nority Whip; Republican Conference, $2,186,819; Democratic Caucus, $1,776,495: Provided, That such amount for salaries and expenses shall re-main available from January 3, 2019 until Janu-ary 2, 2020. M
EMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES  I
NCLUDING MEMBERS ’ CLERK HIRE, OFFICIAL  E
XPENSES OF MEMBERS , ANDOFFICIAL MAIL For Members’ representational allowances, in-cluding Members’ clerk hire, official expenses, and official mail, $573,630,000. C
OMMITTEE EMPLOYEES  S
TANDING COMMITTEES , SPECIAL AND SELECT  For salaries and expenses of standing commit-tees, special and select, authorized by House res-olutions, $127,903,173: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2020, except that $4,000,000 of such amount shall remain available until expended for committee room up-grading. C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  For salaries and expenses of the Committee on Appropriations, $23,112,971, including studies and examinations of executive agencies and temporary personal services for such committee, to be expended in accordance with section 202(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 and to be available for reimbursement to agen-cies for services performed: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2020. T
OMLANTOS HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION  For salaries and expenses of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission established under House Resolution 1451, One Hundred Tenth Congress, $230,000: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and ex-penses from January 3, 2019 until January 3, 2020. S
ALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  For compensation and expenses of officers and employees, as authorized by law, $217,845,000, including: for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Historian, and including not more than $25,000 for official representation and reception expenses, of which not more than $20,000 is for the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is for the Office of the Chaplain, $28,305,000; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of the Sergeant at Arms, including the posi-tion of Superintendent of Garages and the Of-fice of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $18,773,000 of which $5,524,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer including not more than $3,000 for official representation and recep-tion expenses, $147,558,000, of which $11,631,000 shall remain available until expended; for sala-ries and expenses of the Office of the Inspector General, $5,019,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of General Counsel, $1,502,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Parlia-mentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $2,026,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,327,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $9,937,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamen-tary Affairs, $814,000; for other authorized em-ployees, $584,000. ALLOWANCES AND EXPENSES  For allowances and expenses as authorized by House resolution or law, $264,043,016, including: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $525,016; official mail for committees, leadership offices, and administra-tive offices of the House, $190,000; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Se-curity, and other applicable employee benefits, $239,000,000, to remain available until March 31, 2020; Business Continuity and Disaster Recov-ery, $16,186,000 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new members and staff, $3,000,000, to remain available until expended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,750,000, to remain available until ex-pended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,670,000; and miscellaneous items including purchase, exchange, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, inter-parliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of deceased employees of the House, $722,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REQUIRING AMOUNTS REMAINING IN MEMBERS ’ 
REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES TO BE USED  
FOR DEFICIT REDUCTION OR TO REDUCE THE  
FEDERAL DEBT  S
EC. 110. (a) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES—S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES —MEMBERS ’ R
EPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES ’’ shall be available only for fiscal year 2019. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such allowances for fiscal year 2019 shall be de-posited in the Treasury and used for deficit re-duction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for re-ducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appro-priate). (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives shall have authority to prescribe regulations to carry out this section. (c) D
EFINITION .—As used in this section, the term ‘‘Member of the House of Representatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
DELIVERY OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS  S
EC. 111. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of a bill, joint resolution, or resolu-tion to the office of a Member of the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4913 June 7, 2018 
Representatives (including a Delegate or Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress) unless the Member requests a copy. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  S
EC. 112. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of any version of the Congressional Record to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). (b) This section shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
LIMITATION ON AMOUNT AVAILABLE TO LEASE  
VEHICLES  S
EC. 113. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Chief Administra-tive Officer of the House of Representatives to make any payments from any Members’ Rep-resentational Allowance for the leasing of a ve-hicle, excluding mobile district offices, in an ag-gregate amount that exceeds $1,000 for the vehi-cle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
HOUSE  S
EC. 114. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be to provide an aggre-gate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all of-fices of the House of Representatives. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
DELIVERY OF REPORTS OF DISBURSEMENTS  S
EC. 115. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Representatives under section 106 of the House of Representa-tives Administration Reform Technical Correc-tions Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Mem-ber of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Con-gress). (b) This section shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
DELIVERY OF DAILY CALENDAR  S
EC. 116. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used to deliver to the office of a Member of the House of Representa-tives (including a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Calendar of the House of Representatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL PICTORIAL  
DIRECTORY  S
EC. 117. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Congressional Pictorial Di-rectory to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). (b) This section shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FORMER  
SPEAKERS  S
EC. 118. (a) R EPEAL OF AUTHORIZATIONS FOR  O
FFICE SPACE, OFFICE EXPENSES , FRANKING AND  P
RINTING PRIVILEGES , AND STAFF.—The first section and sections 2, 4, 5, and 8 of House Reso-lution 1238, Ninety-first Congress, agreed to De-cember 22, 1970 (as enacted into permanent law by chapter VIII of the Supplemental Appropria-tions Act, 1971) (2 U.S.C. 5125(a), 5126, 5127, 5128, and 5129) are repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of the first section of Public Law 93–532 (2 U.S.C. 5125(b)) is repealed. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to any individual who serves as a Representative in Congress during the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress or any succeeding Congress. ADJUSTMENTS TO COMPENSATION  S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no adjustment shall be made under sec-tion 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relating to cost of living adjustments for Members of Congress) during fiscal year 2019. 
TRANSFER AUTHORITY  S
EC. 120. (a) A UTHORITY TOMAKETRANSFERS  A
MONG HOUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES .—Section 101 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1993 (2 U.S.C. 5507) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) Amounts appropriated for any fiscal year for the House of Representatives under the heading ‘House Leadership Offices’ may be transferred among and merged with the various offices and activities under such heading, effec-tive upon the expiration of the 21-day period (or such alternative period that may be imposed by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives) which begins on the date such Committee has been notified of the trans-fer.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. JOINT ITEMS For Joint Committees, as follows: J
OINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Eco-nomic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, $11,169,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. For other joint items, as follows: O
FFICE OF THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN  For medical supplies, equipment, and contin-gent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his assistants, in-cluding: (1) an allowance of $2,175 per month to the Attending Physician; (2) an allowance of $1,300 per month to the Senior Medical Officer; (3) an allowance of $725 per month each to three medical officers while on duty in the Of-fice of the Attending Physician; (4) an allowance of $725 per month to 2 assist-ants and $580 per month each not to exceed 11 assistants on the basis heretofore provided for such assistants; and (5) $2,740,000 for reimbursement to the Depart-ment of the Navy for expenses incurred for staff and equipment assigned to the Office of the At-tending Physician, which shall be advanced and credited to the applicable appropriation or ap-propriations from which such salaries, allow-ances, and other expenses are payable and shall be available for all the purposes thereof, $3,798,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Adminis-trative Officer of the House of Representatives. O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCESSIBILITY  S
ERVICES  S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,486,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. CAPITOL POLICE S
ALARIES  For salaries of employees of the Capitol Po-lice, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retire-ment, social security, professional liability in-surance, and other applicable employee benefits, $374,804,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $47,000,000 unless the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House and Senate are notified, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. GENERAL EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Capitol Police, including motor vehicles, communications and other equipment, security equipment and instal-lation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical services, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the employee assistance program, the awards program, postage, communication serv-ices, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certification of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $81,554,000, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2019 shall be paid by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from funds avail-able to the Department of Homeland Security. OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $5,410,000, of which $550,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Pro-vided, That not more than $500 may be ex-pended on the certification of the Executive Di-rector of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception ex-penses. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses necessary for oper-ation of the Congressional Budget Office, in-cluding not more than $6,000 to be expended on the certification of the Director of the Congres-sional Budget Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $50,737,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
RELOCATION EXPENSES  S
EC. 130. (a) A UTHORIZING PAYMENT OF RELO-
CATION EXPENSES .—Amounts made available for salaries and expenses of the Congressional Budget Office for a fiscal year may be used to reimburse new employees of the Office for relo-cation expenses if the Director of the Office de-termines that reimbursing such expenses is of sufficient benefit or value to the Office. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each suc-ceeding fiscal year. ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL C
APITAL CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATIONS  For salaries for the Architect of the Capitol, and other personal services, at rates of pay pro-vided by law; for all necessary expenses for sur-veys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connec-tion with facilities and activities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Bo-tanic Garden; electrical substations of the Cap-itol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Ar-chitect of the Capitol; including furnishings and office equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses, to be expended as the Architect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $103,962,000. C
APITOL BUILDING  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Capitol, $44,379,000, of which $17,731,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4914 June 7, 2018 
CAPITOL GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for care and im-provement of grounds surrounding the Capitol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $16,761,000, of which $5,519,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. H
OUSE OFFICE BUILDINGS  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $187,098,000, of which $127,552,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renova-tion of the Cannon House Office Building; Pro-vided, That of the amount made available under this heading, $7,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the House Office Building Fund established under section 176(d) of the Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2017, as added by section 101(3) of the Further Continuing Appro-priation Act, 2017 (Public Law 114–254; 2 U.S.C. 2001 note). In addition, for a payment to the House His-toric Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. C
APITOL POWER PLANT For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (including the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Gar-den, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrig-eration not supplied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Publishing Office and Washington City Post Office, and heating and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Sta-tion complex, the Thurgood Marshall Federal Judiciary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Library, expenses for which shall be advanced or reimbursed upon request of the Architect of the Capitol and amounts so received shall be de-posited into the Treasury to the credit of this appropriation, $118,980,000, of which $36,292,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That not more than $9,000,000 of the funds credited or to be reimbursed to this appro-priation as herein provided shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2019. L
IBRARY BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for the mechanical and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $70,201,000, of which $42,079,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. C
APITOL POLICE BUILDINGS , GROUNDS AND  S
ECURITY  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever located, the Alternate Computing Facility, and Architect of the Cap-itol security operations, $52,542,000, of which $26,605,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2023. B
OTANIC GARDEN  For all necessary expenses for the mainte-nance, care and operation of the Botanic Gar-den and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, main-tenance, repair, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $14,759,000, of which $3,559,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and ex-pend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the Na-tional Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the Capitol or a duly authorized designee. CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER  For all necessary expenses for the operation of the Capitol Visitor Center, $23,322,000. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
NO BONUSES FOR CONTRACTORS BEHIND SCHEDULE  
OR OVER BUDGET  S
EC. 140. None of the funds made available in this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award payments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is behind schedule or over budget, unless the Architect of the Capitol, or agency-employed designee, determines that any such deviations are due to unforeseeable events, government-driven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
SCRIMS  S
EC. 141. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used for scrims con-taining photographs of building facades during restoration or construction projects performed by the Architect of the Capitol. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
SECURITY PROGRAMS  S
EC. 142. (a) P URPOSE OF PROGRAMS .—Section 906(b) of the 2002 Supplemental Appropriations Act for Further Recovery From and Response To Terrorist Attacks on the United States (2 U.S.C. 1865(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) Funds in the account shall be used by the Architect of the Capitol for all necessary ex-penses for— ‘‘(1) resilience and security programs of the Architect of the Capitol; and ‘‘(2) the maintenance, care, and operation of buildings, grounds, and security enhancements for facilities of the United States Capitol Police and for other facilities associated with such re-silience and security programs at any loca-tion.’’. (b) T
RANSFERS OF FUNDS.—Section 906 of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1865) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c)(1) For carrying out the purposes of the account, the Architect of the Capitol may re-ceive transfers of appropriations from any agen-cy or instrumentality of the United States Gov-ernment upon the approval of— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, in the case of a trans-fer from an office of the House of Representa-tives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, in the case of a transfer from an office of the Senate; or ‘‘(C) the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, in the case of a transfer from any other office of the Government. ‘‘(2) Amounts transferred under this sub-section shall be merged with the account and made available under this section. ‘‘(3) This subsection shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year.’’. 
INCREASE IN THRESHOLD FOR SMALL PURCHASE  
CONTRACTING AUTHORITY  S
EC. 143. (a) I NCREASE .—Section 1201(a)(1) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2003 (2 U.S.C. 1821(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to fis-cal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
INTERAGENCY DETAILS  S
EC. 144. (a) A UTHORIZING DETAILS OF EM-
PLOYEES UNDER JOINT AGENCY AGREEMENTS .— In addition to any other authority relating to the detail of employees, the Architect of the Capitol and the head of any other department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may enter into a joint agency agreement under which— (1) employees of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol (including employees of the United States Botanic Garden) may be detailed to such department, agency, or instrumentality on a re-imbursable or non-reimbursable basis; and (2) employees of such department, agency, or instrumentality may be detailed to the Office of the Architect of the Capitol on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis. (b) DURATION .—The detail of an employee under a joint agency agreement under this sec-tion shall be for such duration as may be pro-vided in the agreement, except that in the case of a detail made on a non-reimbursable basis, the duration of the detail may not exceed one year unless the Architect of the Capitol and the head of the department, agency, or instrumen-tality involved each determine that an extension of the detail of the employee is in the public in-terest. (c) N
OEFFECT ON APPROPRIATIONS OF RECIPI-
ENT OF NON-REIMBURSABLE DETAIL .—For pur- poses of any law, rule, or regulation, the detail of an employee on a non-reimbursable basis under a joint agency agreement under this sec-tion for a fiscal year shall not be treated as an increase or modification of the appropriation for the fiscal year of the office to whom the em-ployee is detailed. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each suc-ceeding fiscal year. 
ACCEPTANCE OF TRAVEL EXPENSES FROM NON - 
FEDERAL SOURCES  S
EC. 145. (a) P ERMITTING ACCEPTANCE OF EX-
PENSES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Architect of the Capitol may accept payment or authorize an employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol to accept pay-ment on the Office’s behalf from non-Federal sources for travel, subsistence, and related ex-penses with respect to attendance of the em-ployee (or the spouse of such employee) at any meeting or similar function relating to the em-ployee’s official duties. Any cash payment so accepted shall be credited to the appropriation applicable to such expenses. In the case of a payment in kind so accepted, a pro rata reduc-tion shall be made in any entitlement of the em-ployee to payment from the Government for such expenses. (b) P
ROHIBITING ACCEPTANCE FROM OTHER S
OURCES .—Except as provided in this section or section 7342 of title 5, United States Code, the Office or an employee of the Office may not ac-cept payment for expenses referred to in sub-section (a). An employee who accepts any pay-ment in violation of the preceding sentence— (1) may be required, in addition to any pen-alty provided by law, to repay, for deposit in the general fund of the Treasury, an amount equal to the amount of the payment so accepted; and (2) in the case of a repayment under para-graph (1), shall not be entitled to any payment from the Government for such expenses. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each suc-ceeding fiscal year. LIBRARY OF CONGRESS S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Library of Congress not otherwise provided for, including development and maintenance of the Library’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Li-brary buildings; special clothing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uniforms; preservation of motion pictures in the custody of the Library; operation and maintenance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publi-cations of the Library; hire or purchase of one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4915 June 7, 2018 
passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Li-brary of Congress Trust Fund Board not prop-erly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $493,818,272, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from col-lections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2019, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chap-ter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150): Provided, That the Library of Congress may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under the Act of June 28, 1902, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $6,350,000: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representation and reception expenses for the Overseas Field Offices: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $8,589,000 shall remain available until expended for the digital collections and educational cur-ricula program: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $1,133,000 shall re-main available until expended for upgrade of the Legislative Branch Financial Management System: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $20,000,000 is provided to enhance public exhibits and visitor services at the Library to remain available until expended, may be obligated and expended only upon writ-ten approval by the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate, following review of a project plan. C
OPYRIGHT OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Copyright Office, $93,407,000, of which not more than $39,218,000, to remain available until expended, shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2019 under sec-tion 708(d) of title 17, United States Code: Pro-vided, That the Copyright Office may not obli-gate or expend any funds derived from collec-tions under such section, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That not more than $6,272,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2019 under sections 111(d)(2), 119(b)(3), 803(e), 1005, and 1316 of such title: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $45,490,000: Provided further, That $4,328,000 shall be derived from prior year unobligated bal-ances: Provided further, That not more than $100,000 of the amount appropriated is available for the maintenance of an ‘‘International Copy-right Institute’’ in the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress for the purpose of training nationals of developing countries in intellectual property laws and policies: Provided further, That not more than $6,500 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representation and re-ception expenses for activities of the Inter-national Copyright Institute and for copyright delegations, visitors, and seminars: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any provision of chapter 8 of title 17, United States Code, any amounts made available under this heading which are attributable to royalty fees and pay-ments received by the Copyright Office pursuant to sections 111, 119, and chapter 10 of such title may be used for the costs incurred in the admin-istration of the Copyright Royalty Judges pro-gram, with the exception of the costs of salaries and benefits for the Copyright Royalty Judges and staff under section 802(e). C
ONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reor-ganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to re-vise and extend the Annotated Constitution of the United States of America, $125,688,000: Pro-vided, That no part of such amount may be used to pay any salary or expense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publication has obtained prior ap-proval of either the Committee on House Admin-istration of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate: Provided further, That this prohibition does not apply to publication of non-confiden-tial Congressional Research Service (CRS) prod-ucts: Provided further, That a non-confidential CRS product includes any written product con-taining research or analysis that is currently available for general congressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet, or that would be made available on the CRS Congressional Intranet in the normal course of business and does not include material prepared in response to Congressional requests for confidential anal-ysis or research. BOOKS FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY  H
ANDICAPPED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $52,783,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handicapped residents at no cost to the individual. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REIMBURSABLE AND REVOLVING FUND ACTIVITIES  S
EC. 150. (a) I NGENERAL .—For fiscal year 2019, the obligational authority of the Library of Congress for the activities described in sub-section (b) may not exceed $194,608,000. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities referred to in subsection (a) are reimbursable and revolving fund activities that are funded from sources other than appropriations to the Library in ap-propriations Acts for the legislative branch. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE C
ONGRESSIONAL PUBLISHING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For authorized publishing of congressional in-formation and the distribution of congressional information in any format; publishing of Gov-ernment publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Congress; and pub-lishing, and distribution of Government publica-tions authorized by law to be distributed with-out charge to the recipient, $79,000,000: Pro-vided, That this appropriation shall not be available for paper copies of the permanent edi-tion of the Congressional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Del-egates authorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred under the appropriations for similar purposes for fiscal year 2019: Pro-vided further, That notwithstanding the 2-year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27- month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publication is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reau-thorizes such printing in accordance with sec-tion 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for fiscal year 2019 and each suc-ceeding fiscal year may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Business Oper-ations Revolving Fund for carrying out the pur-poses of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate: Provided fur-ther, That notwithstanding sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this ap-propriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Congressional Record on only a monthly and session basis. PUBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAMS OF THE  S
UPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of the public information pro-grams of the Office of Superintendent of Docu-ments necessary to provide for the cataloging and indexing of Government publications and their distribution to the public, Members of Con-gress, other Government agencies, and des-ignated depository and international exchange libraries as authorized by law, $32,000,000: Pro-vided, That amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congressional serial sets and other related publications for fis-cal years 2017 and 2018 to depository and other designated libraries: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this ac-count or accounts for similar purposes for fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year may be transferred to the Government Publishing Of-fice Business Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, sub-ject to the approval of the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and Senate. G
OVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE BUSINESS  O
PERATIONS REVOLVING FUND For payment to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended, for information technology development and fa-cilities repair: Provided, That the Government Publishing Office is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the cur-rent fiscal year for the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund: Provided further, That not more than $7,500 may be expended on the certification of the Di-rector of the Government Publishing Office in connection with official representation and re-ception expenses: Provided further, That the Business Operations Revolving Fund shall be available for the hire or purchase of not more than 12 passenger motor vehicles: Provided fur-ther, That expenditures in connection with trav-el expenses of the advisory councils to the Direc-tor of the Government Publishing Office shall be deemed necessary to carry out the provisions of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That the Business Operations Revolving Fund shall be available for temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title: Pro-vided further, That activities financed through the Business Operations Revolving Fund may provide information in any format: Provided further, That the Business Operations Revolv-ing Fund and the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Public Information Programs of the Superintendent of Documents’’ may not be used for contracted security services at Government Publishing Office’s passport facility in the Dis-trict of Columbia. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Government Ac-countability Office, including not more than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4916 June 7, 2018 
$12,500 to be expended on the certification of the Comptroller General of the United States in con-nection with official representation and recep-tion expenses; temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title; hire of one passenger motor vehicle; advance payments in foreign countries in accordance with section 3324 of title 31, United States Code; benefits comparable to those payable under sections 901(5), (6), and (8) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(5), (6), and (8)); and under regulations pre-scribed by the Comptroller General of the United States, rental of living quarters in foreign coun-tries, $578,916,653: Provided, That, in addition, $23,800,000 of payments received under sections 782, 791, 3521, and 9105 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available without fiscal year limi-tation: Provided further, That this appropria-tion and appropriations for administrative ex-penses of any other department or agency which is a member of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental Audit Forum shall be available to finance an appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as de-termined by the respective Forum, including necessary travel expenses of non-Federal par-ticipants: Provided further, That payments hereunder to the Forum may be credited as re-imbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially financed: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be avail-able to transfer amounts to the Department of the Army for the construction of an Army facil-ity at Redstone Arsenal for the sole, unlimited use of GAO: Provided further, That hereafter, amounts appropriated for the salaries and ex-penses of the Government Accountability Office shall be available to transfer to the Department of the Army for the maintenance of such facil-ity. OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND For a payment to the Open World Leadership Center Trust Fund for financing activities of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,600,000: Provided, That funds made available to support Russian participants shall only be used for those engag-ing in free market development, humanitarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. J
OHNC. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE  T
RAINING AND DEVELOPMENT  For payment to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund estab-lished under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Develop-ment Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. TITLE II GENERAL PROVISIONS 
MAINTENANCE AND CARE OF PRIVATE VEHICLES  S
EC. 201. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emergency assistance and cleaning as may be provided under regulations relating to parking facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Administration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
FISCAL YEAR LIMITATION  S
EC. 202. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obligation be-yond fiscal year 2019 unless expressly so pro-vided in this Act. 
RATES OF COMPENSATION AND DESIGNATION  S
EC. 203. Whenever in this Act any office or position not specifically established by the Leg-islative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of compensation or designation of any office or position appro-priated for is different from that specifically es-tablished by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the per-manent law with respect thereto: Provided, That the provisions in this Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the permanent law with respect thereto. CONSULTING SERVICES  S
EC. 204. The expenditure of any appropria-tion under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be lim-ited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise pro-vided under existing law, or under existing Ex-ecutive order issued under existing law. 
COSTS OF LBFMC  S
EC. 205. Amounts available for administrative expenses of any legislative branch entity which participates in the Legislative Branch Financial Managers Council (LBFMC) established by charter on March 26, 1996, shall be available to finance an appropriate share of LBFMC costs as determined by the LBFMC, except that the total LBFMC costs to be shared among all par-ticipating legislative branch entities (in such al-locations among the entities as the entities may determine) may not exceed $2,000. 
LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS  S
EC. 206. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. 
GUIDED TOURS OF THE CAPITOL  S
EC. 207. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available to the Ar-chitect of the Capitol in this Act may be used to eliminate or restrict guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns of offices of Members of Congress and other offices of the House of Representatives and Senate, unless through regulations as au-thorized by section 402(b)(8) of the Capitol Vis-itor Center Act of 2008 (2 U.S.C. 2242(b)(8)). (b) At the direction of the Capitol Police Board, or at the direction of the Architect of the Capitol with the approval of the Capitol Police Board, guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns de-scribed in subsection (a) may be suspended tem-porarily or otherwise subject to restriction for security or related reasons to the same extent as guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by the Architect of the Capitol. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 208. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  S
EC. 209. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–696. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 210. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION C—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-priated, for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Army as currently author-ized by law, including personnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for construction and operation of facilities in support of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $1,001,768,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $110,068,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as cur-rently authorized by law, including personnel in the Naval Facilities Engineering Command and other personal services necessary for the pur-poses of this appropriation, $2,100,298,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2023: Pro-vided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $185,542,000 shall be available for study, plan-ning, design, and architect and engineer serv-ices, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obliga-tions are necessary for such purposes and noti-fies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Air Force as currently au-thorized by law, $1,454,723,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $206,577,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force deter-mines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent pub-lic works, installations, facilities, and real prop-erty for activities and agencies of the Depart-ment of Defense (other than the military depart-ments), as currently authorized by law, $2,465,738,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2023: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4917 June 7, 2018 
Provided further, That, of the amount, not to exceed $195,345,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Sec-retary of Defense determines that additional ob-ligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the construction timeline and obligations for the Poland Aegis Ashore complex. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  G
UARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Na-tional Guard, and contributions therefor, as au-thorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Author-ization Acts, $180,122,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $16,622,000 shall be avail-able for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Director of the Army National Guard determines that additional obligations are nec-essary for such purposes and notifies the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL GUARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions therefor, as author-ized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $129,126,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $18,500,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engi-neer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Re-serve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $64,919,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $5,855,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve deter-mines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the reserve com-ponents of the Navy and Marine Corps as au-thorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Author-ization Acts, $43,065,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,695,000 shall be avail-able for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, un-less the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress of the de-termination and the reasons therefor. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, re-habilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Re-serve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $50,163,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,055,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and ar-chitect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obligations are nec-essary for such purposes and notifies the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That, the Chief of the Air Force Reserve shall take immediate ac-tion to address unfunded military construction requirements for access control points and secu-rity issues at Air Force Reserve facilities. NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  S
ECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program for the acquisition and con-struction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related expenses for the collective de-fense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as au-thorized by section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $171,064,000, to remain available until ex-pended. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  A
CCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of Defense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Re-alignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $322,390,000, to remain available until expended. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisition, replace-ment, addition, expansion, extension, and alter-ation, as authorized by law, $330,660,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2023: Pro-vided, That none of the funds provided under this heading for family housing construction may be expended for family housing improve-ments on Kwajalein Atoll until the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that the new housing units represent the best value to the taxpayer and that no rea-sonable alternatives exist at a lower cost. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , A
RMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $376,509,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  M
ARINE CORPS For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $104,581,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , N
AVY AND MARINE CORPS For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and mainte-nance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $314,536,000. F
AMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $78,446,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , A
IRFORCE For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, prin-cipal and interest charges, and insurance pre-miums, as authorized by law, $317,274,000. F
AMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , D
EFENSE -WIDE For expenses of family housing for the activi-ties and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) for oper-ation and maintenance, leasing, and minor con-struction, as authorized by law, $58,373,000. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY HOUSING  I
MPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Hous-ing Improvement Fund, $1,653,000, to remain available until expended, for family housing ini-tiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alter-native means of acquiring and improving mili-tary family housing and supporting facilities. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY  U
NACCOMPANIED HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Military Unac-companied Housing Improvement Fund, $600,000, to remain available until expended, for unaccompanied housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of ac-quiring and improving military unaccompanied housing and supporting facilities. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a cost-plus-a-fixed-fee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be per-formed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of Defense setting forth the reasons therefor. S
EC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of pas-senger motor vehicles. S
EC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for the construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are certified as important to the na-tional defense by the Secretary of Defense. S
EC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construction of new bases in the United States for which spe-cific appropriations have not been made. S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 percent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engi-neers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Com-mand, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Federal court; (2) purchases nego-tiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the Attorney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise de-termined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utili-ties for any family housing, except housing for which funds have been made available in an-nual Acts making appropriations for military construction. S
EC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notifi-cation to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activity for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4918 June 7, 2018 
which American steel producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been denied the oppor-tunity to compete for such steel procurement. S
EC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military construction or family housing during the current fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. S
EC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new installa-tion overseas without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and en-gineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation member country, or in countries bor-dering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. S
EC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bor-dering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to ex-ceed $1,000,000 to a foreign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to con-tract awards for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a United States con-tractor exceeds the lowest responsive and re-sponsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this sec-tion shall not apply to contract awards for mili-tary construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is sub-mitted by a Marshallese contractor. S
EC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall in-form the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Committees on Ap-propriations, of plans and scope of any pro-posed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construction, either tem-porary or permanent, are anticipated to exceed $100,000. S
EC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Depart-ment of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction authorized for each such military department by the au-thorizations enacted into law during the current session of Congress. S
EC. 115. For military construction or family housing projects that are being completed with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated supervision, inspection, over-head, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. S
EC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construc-tion of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obli-gated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount ap-propriated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pur-suant to law. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an elec-tronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the Department of Defense Family Hous-ing Improvement Fund from amounts appro-priated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction of military unaccompanied housing in ‘‘Military Construction’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated di-rectly to the Fund: Provided, That appropria-tions made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guarantees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provi-sions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military fam-ily housing, military unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 118. In addition to any other transfer au-thority available to the Department of Defense, amounts may be transferred from the Depart-ment of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Dem-onstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Homeowners Assistance Pro-gram incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which trans-ferred. S
EC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title for op-eration and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all family housing units, in-cluding general or flag officer quarters: Pro-vided, That not more than $15,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and re-pair of any general or flag officer quarters with-out 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress, except that an after-the-fact notification shall be sub-mitted if the limitation is exceeded solely due to costs associated with environmental remediation that could not be reasonably anticipated at the time of the budget submission: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-troller) is to report annually to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quarters for the prior fiscal year. S
EC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Is-land Improvement Account established by sub-section (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the purposes speci-fied in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to subsection (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 121. During the 5-year period after ap-propriations available in this Act to the Depart-ment of Defense for military construction and family housing operation and maintenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making authorized adjustments to such ap-propriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobligated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘For-eign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, De-fense’’, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. SEC. 122. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Army to re-locate a unit in the Army that— (1) performs a testing mission or function that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and (2) is located at a military installation at which the total number of civilian employees of the Department of the Army and Army con-tractor personnel employed exceeds 10 percent of the total number of members of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regu-lation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. S
EC. 123. Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in ac-cordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military construction and family housing con-struction contained in Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Volume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2011, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. S
EC. 124. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for plan-ning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. S
EC. 125. For an additional amount for the ac-counts and in the amounts specified, to remain available until September 30, 2023: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $44,100,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $317,800,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $144,450,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $11,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $62,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $23,000,000; and ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force Reserve’’, $84,800,000: Provided, That such funds may only be obli-gated to carry out construction projects identi-fied in the respective military department’s un-funded priority list for fiscal year 2019 submitted to Congress: Provided further, That such projects are subject to authorization prior to ob-ligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned, or his or her designee, shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds pro-vided under this section. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 126. Of the unobligated balances avail-able to the Department of Defense from prior appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts in the amounts specified: ‘‘NATO Security Investment Program’’, $25,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $31,158,000; and ‘‘The fund established in section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Develop-ment Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374)’’, $15,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Con-gress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4919 June 7, 2018 
SEC. 127. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. S
EC. 128. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. S
EC. 129. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or other-wise made available by this or any other Act may be used to consolidate or relocate any ele-ment of a United States Air Force Rapid Engi-neer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer (RED HORSE) outside of the United States until the Secretary of the Air Force (1) completes an analysis and comparison of the cost and infrastructure investment re-quired to consolidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; (2) provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (‘‘the Committees’’) a report detailing the findings of the cost analysis; and (3) cer-tifies in writing to the Committees that the pre-ferred site for the consolidation or relocation yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: Provided, That the term ‘‘United States’’ in this section does not include any territory or posses-sion of the United States. S
EC. 130. All amounts appropriated to ‘‘De-partment of Defense—Military Construction ac-counts for Army, Navy and Marine Corps, Air Force and Defense-Wide’’ pursuant to the au-thorization of appropriations in the National Defense Authorization Act specified for fiscal year 2019 in the funding table in section 4601 of that Act, shall be immediately available and al-lotted to contract for the full scope of author-ized projects. S
EC. 131. For an additional amount for the ac-counts and in the amounts specified, for en-hancing force protection and safety at military installations, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2023: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $50,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $50,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $50,000,000: Provided , That such projects are subject to au-thorization prior to obligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided further, That not later than 30 days after enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned, or his or her designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS V
ETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
COMPENSATION AND PENSIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot program for disability examinations as authorized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chap-ters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Program for Survivors, emergency and other officers’ retirement pay, adjusted- service credits and certificates, payment of pre-miums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as au-thorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $108,530,139,000, to remain available until expended, of which $107,119,807,000 shall become available on Octo-ber 1, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $18,047,000 of the amount made available for fis-cal year 2020 under this heading shall be reim-bursed to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Vet-erans Benefits Administration’’, and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’ for necessary ex-penses in implementing the provisions of chap-ters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically pro-vided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ ap-propriation: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying pa-tient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the funding of individual medical facilities for nursing home care provided to pensioners as authorized. READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and rehabili-tation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as au-thorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $14,065,282,000, to remain available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2019: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and assistance which the Sec-retary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indemnities, service-disabled veterans insurance, and vet-erans mortgage life insurance as authorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $111,340,000, which shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until expended. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by subchapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, includ-ing the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, dur-ing fiscal year 2019, within the resources avail-able, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan pro-grams, $200,612,000. 
VOCATIONAL REHABILITATION LOANS PROGRAM  
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $39,000, as au-thorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,037,000. In addition, for administrative expenses nec-essary to carry out the direct loan program, $396,000, which may be paid to the appropria-tion for ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
NATIVE AMERICAN VETERAN HOUSING LOAN  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by subchapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,149,000. 
GENERAL OPERATING EXPENSES , VETERANS  
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Vet-erans Benefits Administration, not otherwise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the Department of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,922,000,000: Provided, That expenses for serv-ices and assistance authorized under para-graphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum ex-tent feasible, to become employable and to ob-tain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily living, shall be charged to this account: Provided fur-ther, That, of the funds made available under this heading, not to exceed 5 percent shall re-main available until September 30, 2020. VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as au-thorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bio-engineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support serv-ices for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan re-payments authorized by section 604 of the Care-givers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), monthly assistance allow-ances authorized by section 322(d) of title 38, United States Code, grants authorized by sec-tion 521A of title 38, United States Code, and administrative expenses necessary to carry out sections 322(d) and 521A of title 38, United States Code, and hospital care and medical serv-ices authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code, $48,747,988,000, plus reimburse-ments, shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made avail-able on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided further, That, not-withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for veterans who have service-connected disabil-ities, lower income, or have special needs: Pro-vided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall give priority funding for the provi-sion of basic medical benefits to veterans in en-rollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Veterans Health Administration fa-cilities to enrolled veterans with privately writ-ten prescriptions based on requirements estab-lished by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no additional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non-Department facilities, $500,000,000 which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2018: and, in addition, $14,419,786,000, plus reim-bursements, shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2019, under this heading, $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4920 June 7, 2018 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administration of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domi-ciliary, construction, supply, and research ac-tivities, as authorized by law; administrative ex-penses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for collecting and recovering amounts owed the Department as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $7,106,150,000, plus reim-bursements, shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2019, under this heading, $100,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the maintenance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other necessary facili-ties of the Veterans Health Administration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project management, real property ac-quisition and disposition, construction, and ren-ovation of any facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, en-gineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improving, or providing facilities in the several hospitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, ei-ther by contract or by the hire of temporary em-ployees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry services, $5,276,676,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2019, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out pro-grams of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $732,262,000, plus reim-bursements, shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided, That of the amount made available under this heading, $27,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023 . N
ATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Ceme-tery Administration for operations and mainte-nance, not otherwise provided for, including uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial ex-penses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial op-erations; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration, $315,836,000, of which not to ex-ceed 10 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. D
EPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
GENERAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, not otherwise pro-vided for, including administrative expenses in support of Department-wide capital planning, management and policy activities, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for of-ficial reception and representation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimburse-ment of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $346,091,000, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Ben-efits Administration’’. 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $174,748,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information tech-nology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental information systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,105,500,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,235,320,000 shall be for pay and associ-ated costs, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That $2,521,650,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to ex-ceed 5 percent shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided further, That $348,530,000 shall be for information technology systems development, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That amounts made available for information tech-nology systems development may not be obli-gated or expended until the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs or the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each development project: Pro-vided further, That amounts made available for salaries and expenses, operations and mainte-nance, and information technology systems de-velopment may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs requests from the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress the author-ity to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Sys-tems’’ account for development may be trans-ferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a request to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a pe-riod of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further, That the funds made available under this head-ing for information technology systems develop-ment shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the re-port accompanying this Act. 
VETERANS ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD  For activities related to implementation, prep-aration, development, interface, management, rollout, and maintenance of a Veterans Elec-tronic Health Record system, including contrac-tual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and salaries and expenses of employees hired under titles 5 and 38, United States Code, $1,207,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress quarterly reports detailing obligations, expendi-tures, and deployment implementation by facil-ity: Provided further, That the funds provided in this account shall only be available to the Of-fice of the Deputy Secretary, to be administered by that Office. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of In-spector General, to include information tech-nology, in carrying out the provisions of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $172,054,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020. CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and im-proving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architectural and engineering serv-ices, construction management services, mainte-nance or guarantee period services costs associ-ated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, where the estimated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a previous major project ap-propriation, $1,127,486,000, of which $647,486,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023; and of which $480,000,000 shall remain available until expended, of which $400,000,000 shall be available for seismic improvement projects and seismic program management activities, includ-ing for projects that would otherwise be funded by the Construction, Minor Projects, Medical Facilities or National Cemetery Administration accounts: Provided, That except for advance planning activities, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital invest-ments, and other capital asset management re-lated activities, including portfolio development and management activities, and investment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design ac-tivities funded through the design fund, includ-ing needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and as-sociated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account and contracting officers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds provided for the purchase, security, and maintenance of land for the Na-tional Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budgetary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint resolution, or in the explanatory statement accompanying such Act and pre-sented to the President at the time of enroll-ment: Provided further, That funds made avail-able under this heading for fiscal year 2019, for each approved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents con-tract by September 30, 2019; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by Sep-tember 30, 2020: Provided further, That the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any ap-proved major construction project for which ob-ligations are not incurred within the time limi-tations established above: Provided further , That notwithstanding the requirements of sec-tion 8104(a) of title 38, United States Code, amounts made available under this heading for seismic improvement projects and seismic pro-gram management activities shall be available for the completion of both new and existing seis-mic projects of the Department. 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and im-proving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital investments, architectural and engineering services, maintenance or guarantee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4921 June 7, 2018 
drainage system construction costs, and site ac-quisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $649,514,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, along with unobligated balances of pre-vious ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ appro-priations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such sec-tion: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the juris-diction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or damage caused by any natural disaster or catastrophe; and (2) temporary measures necessary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF STATE EXTENDED  
CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or con-struct State nursing home and domiciliary fa-cilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facili-ties in State homes, for furnishing care to vet-erans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
GRANTS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF VETERANS  
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal organi-zations in establishing, expanding, or improving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2019 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Read-justment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as nec-essary to any other of the mentioned appropria-tions: Provided, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropria-tions of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 202. Amounts made available for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2019, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Med-ical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Med-ical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any trans-fers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to noti-fication from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Med-ical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 per-cent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress the au-thority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. S
EC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be available for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor ve-hicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 204. No appropriations in this title (ex-cept the appropriations for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the construction of any new hospital or home. S
EC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or examination of any persons (except beneficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. S
EC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjust-ment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be re-corded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2018. S
EC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obligations of corresponding prior year appropriations ac-counts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund ac-counts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Com-pensation and Pensions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2019, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Serv-ice Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Spe-cial Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reim-burse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Vet-erans Benefits Administration’’ and ‘‘Informa-tion Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs fi-nanced through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the sur-plus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2019 that are avail-able for dividends in that program after claims have been paid and actuarially determined re-serves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of administration of such an in-surance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accumulated in that program, reim-bursement shall be made only to the extent of such surplus earnings: Provided further, That the Secretary shall determine the cost of admin-istration for fiscal year 2019 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insur-ance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that in-surance program. S
EC. 209. Amounts deducted from enhanced- use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that account during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanced-use lease services, may be obligated during the fiscal year in which the proceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management, the Office of Employ-ment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication, the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, and the Office of Diversity and In-clusion for all services provided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $48,431,000 for the Office of Resolution Manage-ment, $4,333,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication, $17,700,000 for the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, and $3,230,000 for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion: Provided, That payments may be made in advance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administra-tion’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the office that provided the service. SEC. 211. No funds of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs shall be available for hospital care, nursing home care, or medical services pro-vided to any person under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a non-service-connected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third- party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the rea-sonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such disclosure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or services pro-vided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, proceeds or revenues derived from en-hanced-use leasing activities (including dis-posal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisition and disposition), al-terations, and improvements of any medical fa-cility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’. S
EC. 213. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, sup-plies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and bur-ials for beneficiaries receiving care in the De-partment. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 214. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts to re-main available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. S
EC. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organizations which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to pro-vide healthcare, including behavioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating vet-erans and facilities to comply with all appro-priate rules and regulations, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 216. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4922 June 7, 2018 
‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construc-tion, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain avail-able until expended for the purposes of these ac-counts. S
EC. 217. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Pro-vided, That, at a minimum, the report shall in-clude the direction contained in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quarterly reporting’’, under the head-ing ‘‘General Administration’’ in the joint ex-planatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 218. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Operating Ex-penses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’, ‘‘General Admin-istration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administra-tion’’ accounts for fiscal year 2019 may be trans-ferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided, That such trans-fers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Tech-nology Systems’’ account: Provided further, That, before a transfer may take place, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 219. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2019, for ‘‘Medical Serv-ices’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facili-ties’’, up to $307,609,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Med-ical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for oper-ation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That addi-tional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense—Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 220. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Depart-ment of Defense—Department of Veterans Af-fairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, es-tablished by section 1704 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for operations of the facilities designated as com-bined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That, notwithstanding section 1704(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), amounts transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Med-ical Facility Demonstration Fund shall remain available until expended. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 221. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, a minimum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by sec-tion 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to re-main available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 222. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Integrated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes moni-toring supplies and equipment. S
EC. 223. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, whichever is less: Pro-vided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract identifying the pro-grammed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appro-priations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obligation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such sav-ings. S
EC. 224. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope specified for that project in the original justification data pro-vided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. S
EC. 225. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of both Houses of Congress a quar-terly report containing performance measures and data from each Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration Regional Office: Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the section entitled ‘‘Disability claims backlog’’, under the heading ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Adminis-tration’’ in the joint explanatory statement ac-companying Public Law 114–223: Provided fur-ther, That the report shall also include informa-tion on the number of appeals pending at the Veterans Benefits Administration as well as the Board of Veterans Appeals on a quarterly basis. S
EC. 226. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress 15 days prior to organizational changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full- time equivalents from one organizational unit of the Department of Veterans Affairs to another. S
EC. 227. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national out-reach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 228. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is nec-essary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discretionary appropria-tions made available for fiscal year 2019 in this title (except appropriations made to the ‘‘Gen-eral Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration’’ account) or any discretionary un-obligated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appropriated for fiscal year 2019, that were provided in ad-vance by appropriations Acts: Provided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Pro-vided further, That the transfer authority pro-vided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such author-ity to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare re-quirements, than those for which originally ap-propriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided further, That, upon deter-mination that all or part of the funds trans-ferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation and shall be available for the same purposes as originally appropriated: Pro-vided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall re-quest from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that re-quest. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 229. Amounts made available for the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2019, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. S
EC. 230. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major con-struction projects or programs if such instance of reprogramming will exceed $7,000,000, unless such reprogramming is approved by the Commit-tees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress. S
EC. 231. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the toll-free suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained pro-fessional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the Amer-ican Association of Suicidology. (b)(1) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce or otherwise carry out any Executive action that prohibits the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from appoint-ing an individual to occupy a vacant civil serv-ice position, or establishing a new civil service position, at the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to such a position relating to the hotline specified in subsection (a). (2) In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘civil service’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2101(1) of title 5, United States Code; and (B) the term ‘‘Executive action’’ includes— (i) any Executive order, presidential memo-randum, or other action by the President; and (ii) any agency policy, order, or other direc-tive. S
EC. 232. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domiciliaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare services at existing Veterans Health Administration medical facili-ties located in Veterans Integrated Service Net-work 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report including the following ele-ments: (1) a national realignment strategy that in-cludes a detailed description of realignment plans within each Veterans Integrated Services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4923 June 7, 2018 
Network (VISN), including an updated Long Range Capital Plan to implement realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost versus benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of re-placing Veterans Health Administration services with contract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned re-alignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transpor-tation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with historic designation and the methodology used to deter-mine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realignment requirements: Provided, That, this provision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. S
EC. 233. Effective during the period begin-ning on October 1, 2018 and ending on January 1, 2024, none of the funds made available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended in con-travention of the ‘‘Veterans Health Administra-tion Clinical Preventive Services Guidance Statement on the Veterans Health Administra-tion’s Screening for Breast Cancer Guidance’’ published on May 10, 2017, as issued by the Vet-erans Health Administration National Center for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention. S
EC. 234. (a) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the amounts appropriated or other-wise made available to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ ac-count may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered vet-eran. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘service-connected’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a vet-eran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a service- connected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term ‘‘assisted reproductive tech-nology’’ means benefits relating to reproductive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for As-sisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Af-fairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limita-tions on the amount of such benefits available to such a member except that— (A) the time periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (B) such term includes embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. (4) The term ‘‘adoption reimbursement’’ means reimbursement for the adoption-related expenses for an adoption that is finalized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the adoption reimburse-ment program of the Department of Defense, as authorized in Department of Defense Instruc-tion 1341.09, including the reimbursement limits and requirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the purposes specified in subsection (a) of this section are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141). SEC. 235. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the Department of Veterans Af-fairs may be used in a manner that is incon-sistent with: (1) section 842 of the Transpor-tation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2506); or (2) section 8110(a)(5) of title 38, United States Code. S
EC. 236. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior appropriations Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. S
EC. 237. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to conduct research using canines unless: the scientific objectives of the study can only be met by research with canines; the study has been directly approved by the Secretary; and the study is consistent with the revised Department of Veterans Affairs canine research policy docu-ment released on December 18, 2017: Provided, That not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a detailed report outlining under what circumstances canine research may be needed if there are no other alternatives, how often it was used during that time period, and what proto-cols are in place to determine both the safety and efficacy of the research. S
EC. 238. For an additional amount for the Department of Veterans Affairs, $2,000,000,000 to remain available until expended, for infrastruc-ture improvements, including new construction, and in addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act for such purpose, of which: (1) $750,000,000 shall be available for seismic improvement projects and seismic program man-agement activities, including projects that would otherwise be funded by the Construction, Major Projects, the Construction, Minor Projects, Medical Facilities, or National Ceme-tery Administration accounts; (2) $100,000,000 shall be for National Cemetery Administration projects within ‘‘Department Administration - Construction, Major Projects’’; (3) $800,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical Facilities’’ to be used for non-recurring maintenance; and (4) $350,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Departmental Ad-ministration—Construction, Minor Projects’’; Provided, That the additional amounts appro-priated for the purposes of non-recurring main-tenance and minor construction may be used to carry out critical life-safety projects identified in the Department’s annual facility condition assessments; sustainment projects; moderniza-tion projects; infrastructure repair; renovations at existing Veterans Health Administration med-ical centers and outpatient clinics; and projects included in the Strategic Capital Investment Process plan: Provided further, That notwith-standing the requirements of section 8104(a) of title 38, United States Code, amounts made available under this heading for seismic im-provement projects and seismic program man-agement activities shall be available for the com-pletion of both new and existing projects of the Department: Provided further, That the addi-tional amounts appropriated under this section may not be obligated or expended until the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, and such Committees approve, a de-tailed expenditure plan, including project de-scriptions and costs, for any non-recurring maintenance, major construction or minor con-struction project being funded with the addi-tional amounts made available in this section. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign countries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of na-tional cemeteries and monuments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign coun-tries; purchase (one-for-one replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $42,000 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when re-quired by law of such countries, $75,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise pro-vided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. U
NITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  V
ETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $33,600,000: Provided , That $2,580,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing financial assistance as described and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth under this heading in Public Law 102–229. D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL C
EMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, oper-ation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home Na-tional Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor vehicles for replacement on a one-for-one basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official reception and representation ex-penses, $70,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2021. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for De-fense Agencies’’ account. 
CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses for planning and de-sign and construction at Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home Na-tional Cemetery, $73,855,000, to remain available until expended, for planning and design and construction associated with the Southern Ex-pansion project at Arlington National Cemetery. A
RMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mis-sissippi: Provided, That of the amounts made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4924 June 7, 2018 
available under this heading from funds avail-able in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  S
EC. 301. Amounts deposited into the special account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are ap-propriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Mili-tary Cemeteries. TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Army’’, $261,250,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2023, for projects out-side of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Over-seas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be for construction of the High Value De-tention Facility, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, un-less authorized in an Act authorizing appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military construc-tion. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  C
ORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $227,320,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is des-ignated by the Congress for Overseas Contin-gency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pur-suant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Air Force’’ $345,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. M
ILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE -WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Con-struction, Defense-Wide’’, $87,050,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  S
EC. 401. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to sec-tion 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. S
EC. 402. None of the funds appropriated for military construction projects outside the United States under this title may be obligated or ex-pended for planning and design of any project associated with the European Deterrence Initia-tive until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a list of all of the military construction projects associated with the European Deterrence Initiative which the Secretary acticipates will be carried out dur-ing each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS S
EC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-tained in this Act shall remain available for ob-ligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 502. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Fed-eral entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or ac-tivity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of pri-vate property rights, or unfunded mandates. S
EC. 503. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authorities and fund-ing, to expand their use of ‘‘E–Commerce’’ tech-nologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. S
EC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all reports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Con-struction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sub-committee on Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate. S
EC. 505. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. S
EC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for a project or program named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. S
EC. 507. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be sub-mitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agen-cy that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report com-promises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or propri-etary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such re-port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. S
EC. 508. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investiga-tions, prosecution, or adjudication activities. S
EC. 509. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the execu-tive branch to pay for first-class travel by an employee of the agency in contravention of sec-tions 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. S
EC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a contract for goods or services, including construction serv-ices, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of De-fense or the Department of Veterans Affairs to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet in-ventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. S
EC. 512. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Depart-ment of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is lo-cated at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective con-trol of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. REFERENCES TO ACT  S
EC. 513. Except as expressly provided other-wise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  S
EC. 514. Any reference to a ‘‘report accom-panying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–673. The effect of such Report shall be lim-ited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  S
EC. 515. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. 
The CHAIR. Are there any points of order against the bill? 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Chairman, I raise a point of order against the following provision contained in H.R. 5895 be-cause it violates clause 2 of House rule XXI. This provision is on page 66, line 14, through page 66, line 20, and relates to the Tom Lantos Human Rights Com-mission. Under clause 2(a)(1) of rule XXI, ‘‘an appropriation may not be re-ported in a general appropriation bill . . . for an expenditure not previously authorized by law. . . . ’’ Mr. Chairman, the Committee on House Administration is responsible for providing funding for House Com-mittees, other than for the Committee on House Appropriations. Sections 5 and 7 of H. Res. 1451 of the Commission’s enabling resolution, which is carried forward through H. Res. 5, make clear the Commission is not authorized to receive a direct ap-propriation. The Commission’s ena-bling resolution specifies the role of the Committee on Foreign Affairs in providing staff and resources for the Commission, as well as funding for the Commission. In fact, consistent with H. Res. 1451, at the request of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on House Administration adopted Com-mittee Resolution 115–9 earlier this year authorizing $200,000 from the Com-mittee’s reserve fund to provide for support for Commission personnel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.025 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4925 June 7, 2018 
In summary, Mr. Chairman, there is no authorization for the Commission to receive a direct appropriation of funds, and I reiterate my point of order. I ask for a ruling of the Chair. The CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair will rule. The provision proposes an item of ap-propriation for the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission. Under clause 2(a) of rule XXI, such an item of appropria-tion must be specifically authorized by law. The burden of establishing the au-thorization in law rests in this in-stance with the committee or other proponent of the provision. Finding that this burden has not been carried, the point of order is sus-tained and the provision is stricken from the bill. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE CHAIR  
The CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115–711 and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of this resolution. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before ac-tion thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by sec-tion 4 of House Resolution 918, and shall not be subject to a demand for di-vision of the question. b1630 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
NEW YORK  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to con-sider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 23, after the dollar amount, in-sert (increased by $1,200,000). Page 7, line 16, after the dollar amount, in-sert (reduced by $1,200,000). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-lution 918, the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
OLLINS ) and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase the Army Corps investigation account by $1.2 million. Increased funding under this account will allow additional studies that were previously authorized in the Water Re-sources Development Act to be com-pleted by the Army Corps. One example is the Great Lakes Coastal Resiliency Study. This study was authorized in 1986, and, although it is a priority of the Army Corps, it has not been funded. This study pulls to-gether Federal, State, local, and pri-vate resources to create a strategy to preserve and protect the shorelines of the Great Lakes. Last year, my constituents in west-ern New York felt the devastating im-pact of high lake levels. We saw the worst flooding we have seen in decades along Lake Ontario. The flooding de-stroyed homes and wreaked havoc on businesses along the shoreline. This study will create a comprehensive strategy to protect these communities so they do not suffer again. I look forward to working with my colleagues in Congress, as well as the Army Corps, to ensure that studies like the Great Lakes Coastal Resiliency Study receive funding. Mr. Chair, I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. ZELDIN ). Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I under-stand the Great Lakes Coastal Resil-iency Study is of great importance to my colleague from New York as well as other Members from the Great Lakes region. I would like to note that the underlying bill includes funding and authority for new studies, including a multipurpose study like the Great Lakes study. I also remind my colleagues that the amendment increases the funding level of an account. It does not direct the funding to any particular activity. For that reason and because the amend-ment does not constitute a major shift in funding between accounts, I would not oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), if she has any comments to make. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of my fellow Great Lakes colleague’s amendment and thank him for raising the issue. I think the Great Lakes have finally arrived at the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers. As the gentleman knows and as I have made clear to the Corps, our Great Lakes Members and myself are very supportive of the proposal for a Great Lakes Coastal Resiliency Study. The study will take an inclusive view of how to make our coastline more re-silient, with an eye toward using more sustainable, green, or natural infra-structure to reduce runoff, mitigate erosion and flooding, and protect prop-erty. This approach will ultimately save money as the Corps looks to fulfill its mission in the face of changing en-vironmental hazards. And I have to say, over my many years of service, we finally have at the Corps not just civil engineers, we have environmental engineers. We have raised a new generation of Americans who understand the relationship be-tween structures and the environment. It is a new day at the Corps, and no-body welcomes it more than this Mem-ber. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gen-tleman for offering this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. COLLINS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . ABRAHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $17,410,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $17,410,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase the Corps of Engineers construction account to address the $96 billion backlog in con-struction projects across the country. My amendment would offset this in-crease by reducing the Department of Energy’s departmental administration and bringing it closer in line with the President’s budget request. Our water infrastructure is aging and deteriorating, and the Corps of Engi-neers has failed to keep up with these projects across the country because of the growing bureaucratic morass that delays construction and leads to waste-ful cost overruns. While the Corps needs reforms to ex-pedite project delivery, we in Congress should also prioritize spending and pro-vide more resources to water infra-structure. Projects in Louisiana would greatly benefit from increased construction and operation and maintenance fund-ing, especially projects like the J. Ben-nett Johnston Waterway, the Ouachita-Black Rivers Navigation Project, and the Madison Parish and Lake Providence Ports. These projects are critical for the economy in the Mis-sissippi Delta. I commend Chairman S
IMPSON for his leadership in increasing water infra-structure funding since he has been chairman of the Energy and Water Subcommittee. This bill provides significant in-creases in the additional funding pots 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H07JN8.REC H07JN8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4926 June 7, 2018 
and maintenance. This additional fund-ing will increase the opportunities for worthy projects to compete for limited dollars. Although I intend to withdraw my amendment, Congress should continue to provide more funding to projects across the country that improve com-merce, grow the economy, and that protect homes and businesses from flooding. I hope to work with Chairman S
IMPSON and his committee to address the issue moving forward. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I want to assure my colleague that when the Ap-propriations Committee develops its bills it takes into consideration the re-quests and priorities of Members of the House. Funding levels in the under-lying bill reflect those requests, includ-ing those requests from the gentleman from Louisiana. Specifically, funding above the budg-et request for construction of naviga-tion projects totals $625 million, an in-crease of $176 million above fiscal year 2018. Additional funding for operation and maintenance of inland navigation projects is at $50 million, an increase of $20 million above last year’s additional funding level. While we can’t specify funding for any particular project, we have worked hard to ensure significant funding for which projects not in the budget re-quest can compete. I would be happy to continue work-ing with my colleague from Louisiana to ensure significant funding for the critical water resources infrastructure work of the Corps of Engineers, and I thank him for his willingness to with-draw the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for his commitment to work with me on this issue, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 15, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would direct the Army Corps to consider the historic and na-tional significance of dredging projects as the Corps makes its funding deci-sions. In my area, this amendment will pro-vide much-needed support for the com-pletion of the Plymouth Harbor dredg-ing project in time for the celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the Mayflower landing in Plymouth and Provincetown, Massachusetts. The year 2020 will be a momentous year for our country, as we commemo-rate the 400th anniversary of the set-tlement at Plymouth by the Pilgrims, the vital contributions of the Aquinnah and Mashpee Wampanoag Tribes, and the significant events that followed, in-cluding the signing of the Mayflower Compact, the 50-year Pilgrim- Wampanoag peace treaty, and, of course, the first Thanksgiving. For my entire time in Congress, I have worked closely with my constitu-ents to prepare for this commemora-tion of Plymouth 400. The Plymouth Harbor dredging project has always been at the heart of these preparations. The dredging project is required ahead of the return to Plymouth of the fully restored Mayflower II, a full-scale replica of the original ship that brought the Pilgrims to Cape Cod in 1620. The Mayflower II cannot return to her home in Plymouth Harbor unless much-needed dredging work is com-pleted. We also anticipate a maritime salute to mark the return of the Mayflower II as part of the commemoration, and the flotilla will need safe passage in the harbor. Furthermore, an uptick in marine traffic is also expected as Americans and visitors from around the world travel to Plymouth to participate in the 2020 celebration. It is therefore critical for navigational safety con-cerns that this dredging occur. This amendment will help ensure that one of the final pieces of the 2020 commemoration is completed and in place. We anticipate an exceedingly memorable year for the people of our community, for visitors across the country, and for a significant number of international visitors as well. Mr. Chair, I look forward to the com-pletion of this project ahead of the commemoration, which also, it is im-portant to note, will bring in signifi-cant added revenue and jobs. I thank the chairman, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I can cer-tainly understand my colleague’s inter-est in this issue, and I agree that there are certain circumstances where the Corps should consider more than just commercial tonnage using a waterway when allocating funding. In fact, a re-port accompanying the bill directs the Corps to consider several criteria other than just tonnage. Since the amendment does not upset the balance of priorities within the bill nor direct funds to any particular project or activity, I will not oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and staff for their cooperation. And I also invite them to come to Plymouth in 2020 and enjoy what will be an amazing international celebration and a celebration of the be-ginning of our country as well. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 11, beginning on line 21, strike sec-tion 107. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment seeks to preserve our cur-rent Clean Water Act protections over our rivers, streams, and wetlands. Our Nation’s river system and wet-lands provide values that no other eco-system can: natural water quality im-provement; flood protection; shoreline erosion control; recreation; general aesthetic appreciation; and national products for our use at no cost. Yet section 107 of this bill seeks to undermine protection of streams and wetlands and the critical balance be-tween protecting these waters and the day-to-day operations of our Nation’s farmers, ranchers, and foresters. Under current law, farmers, ranchers, and foresters can carry out their nor-mal operations in any water body with-out requiring a Clean Water Act per-mit. What this means is that farmers can continue to plow their fields—in-cluding potential wet areas that have been farmed for decades—plant their seeds, and harvest their crops without ever having to obtain approval under the Clean Water Act. Any normal farming, ranching, or forestry exemption is going to include 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.075 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4927 June 7, 2018 
minor limitations. For example, a farmer cannot use the current exemp-tion to convert his farmland to a resi-dential development without obtaining a permit; a rancher can’t use this ex-emption to plow under a wetland to ex-pand his grazing lands; and forestry op-erations can’t use this exemption to change the course of a local stream to improve drainage on their growing lands. In short, the way the Clean Water Act currently operates is to allow nor-mal ranching, farming, and forestry op-erations to continue without a permit unless the activity either changes or converts the use of a water body to a new purpose or impairs the historic flow or reach of a stream or wetland. If the planned activity triggers either of these limitations, current law obvi-ously would require that activity to obtain a permit. Section 107 of this bill, in essence, would provide an absolute Clean Water Act exemption for impacts to any streams or wetlands that happen to be on agricultural, ranching, or forestry lands. Mr. Chairman, this is a fundamental change to the Clean Water Act, and it is one where the impacts have never been explored. This amendment would be a significant departure from almost 40 years of implementation of the Clean Water Act by Democrats and Re-publicans by eliminating the existing provision requiring that the exemp-tions apply only to normal—as in es-tablished, ongoing—farming practices. b1645 Mr. Chairman, we should not be using an appropriations bill to change Federal policy related to the protec-tion of our Nation’s rivers and streams. To the best of my knowledge, no hear-ings or investigations on the impacts of this provision have ever been held. If this Congress is interested in over-turning almost 40 years of Clean Water Act precedent, regular order would re-quire hearings before the House Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure and approval by that com-mittee before consideration on the floor. This rider is bad policy for the pro-tection of our environment, bad policy for the protection of human health, and bad policy for the protection of public safety. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in strong opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would allow the regulatory overreach that has been happening to the agriculture community through misuse of the Clean Water Act. The recapture provision of the Clean Water Act was never meant to swallow the original intent of the agricultural exemptions, the clear ag exemptions in the law. But that is exactly what has started happening, and if this amend-ment passes, it will only get worse. The agriculture industry is already one of the most overregulated in the country, and there is little clarity for farmers and ranchers about what ex-actly those regulations are and how they apply to their operations. This amendment provides additional uncertainty. It was never the intention of the Clean Water Act to punish farm-ers for conducting normal farming op-erations such as plowing or doing stock pond maintenance, yet that is what is happening. Without the ability to free-ly conduct these normal activities, farmers and ranchers are unable to do their jobs and grow the food we need as a nation. There is a difference between filling a river, a wetland, and plowing the cor-ner of your own field. These exemp-tions were constructed to address that difference. The ongoing expansion of enforce-ment under the Clean Water Act has chipped away at the rights of land-owners and has made it a danger to farmers to effectively utilize their own property. This hasn’t been happening for 40 years. It was never the original intent. This is a fairly recent expansion of the interpretation of the law. Indeed, it is ridiculous that a farmer has to worry about being slapped with a fine, in some cases millions of dollars. This has occurred for simply conducting normal farming activities on their land where there are clear exemptions for agri-culture. In my own district in northern Cali-fornia, there have already been law-suits against residents for farming without Federal permission. Cases like these across the country cost farmers millions of dollars in legal damages, and they risk running farmers out of business. If this amendment is not defeated, these damages to the farm community will only grow. It is not a situation we want to put upon an industry that is already, in many cases, in financial crisis. Farmers and ranchers deserve our support, and they deserve the ability to make decisions about managing their land, whether it is going to be in a crop this year or not, and not have the Fed-eral Government decide if it has been idle for a few years now that that is an abandonment of their land. Market conditions and a lot of different things affect what a farmer’s decision is going to be; but, indeed, it is their land with-out having more ambiguity and aggres-sive enforcements over things that really clearly are exempt in the Clean Water Act. So we don’t need additional red tape, and we don’t need these threats. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I find myself confused by the comments of my distinguished friend from Cali-fornia. Nothing has changed in the law in 40 years. This law has been applied under Democratic and Republican Presidents and administrations. The law is very clear that any nor-mal farming use, forestry, agriculture or ranching is exempt already. It is only a wholesale shift from what the farm’s original exemption was intended for that would require a Clean Water Act permit. So if a farmer is, in fact, going to turn out and develop houses, a subdivi-sion, you need a clean water permit. But there is nothing in there that says you need a clean water permit to plow, to plant, or to use the land as it has al-ways been used. My fear is that I don’t know of any specific instances where there has been an overinterpretation of existing law, but section 107 would basically throw out the entire baby in order to fix an overinterpretation problem by one or two agents of the Department of Agri-culture. Essentially, section 107 says every-thing is accepted under the Clean Water Act if it is agriculture, forestry, or ranching on that land. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I would invite my friend, Mr. B
EYER , to come talk to the ranchers and farmers who are being hit with these new inter-pretations and aggressive interpreta-tions coming out of the divisions of northern California to see what is hap-pening to them for simply applying farming techniques to their land. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman for yielding. Yes, it is true that this was written in 1977. The law has stayed the same since 1977. That doesn’t mean that the inter-pretation of the law by agencies has been the same since then, and that in-terpretation has changed over time. In recent years, the Corps and the EPA have changed the implementation of these provisions to significantly re-duce the application of the statutory exemptions. This language in the un-derlying bill is intended to get us back to the original intent of the law. That is all it is meant to do is get back to the original intent of the law. If the gentleman is correct and they are interpreting the law the same as they have for 40 years, then this wouldn’t be necessary. But the fact is that is not the case. They have been changing the way they implement this law. This is meant to get us back to the original intent, and, therefore, I must oppose the amendment that would strike this language. Mr. L
AMALFA. How much time do I have remaining, Mr. Chairman? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 5 seconds remain-ing. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.079 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4928 June 7, 2018 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, in clos-ing, I respect the concern about an overinterpretation of existing law that has been on the books for 40 years. The real challenge with section 107 is it throws out the entire exemption proc-ess and makes everything legal. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, again, it has been a much more aggressive in-terpretation of the exemptions under the Clean Water Act that were clearly made by Congress to allow normal farming activities, the normal crop ro-tation that you would use. Indeed, if these activities were ap-plied even more aggressively, normal year-to-year crops could find them-selves unable to be planted because of plowing or disking or land planing, things that are considered normal in the millions of acres we have in north-ern California that are under agri-culture. So the activities of the EPA and the Army Corps go above the law to impose these requirements, and they certainly expand the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act well beyond what Congress had ever intended 40-plus years ago. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 14, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 5895 to pro-vide $2 million in additional critical funding for Bureau of Reclamation en-vironmental restoration projects that will benefit our public health within a region such as the Salton Sea in my congressional district in southern Cali-fornia. The Bureau of Reclamation is respon-sible for managing, developing, and re-storing our Nation’s waters to support the interests of the American people, and there are few interests more im-portant than protecting the public’s health. To demonstrate why projects that support the public’s health are so im-portant, I want to talk about the Salton Sea, the largest inland body of water in the entire State of California. Located in Riverside and Imperial Counties, the Salton Sea was once the jewel of the southern California desert, drawing thousands of tourists, bird-watchers, and other outdoors and water sports enthusiasts. Having grown up near the Salton Sea, I have wonderful memories of going fishing there with my father and picnicking with my family. However, for decades now, deterio-rating water quality and reduced water inflows have made the declining lake bed of the Salton Sea a public health danger to the residents in the sur-rounding area. If we do not take deci-sive action now, the sea will harm the public’s health in cities all across southern California. You see, as the sea dries and the water level recedes, the exposed lake bed releases windblown contaminants containing selenium, arsenic, and pes-ticides. These are in small particulate matter small enough to go through your lungs and straight into your bloodstream. Exposure to these contaminants has been shown to increase the number and severity of asthma attacks, decrease the growth and development of lung function in school-age children, and in-crease the risk of cardiac disease, heart attacks, and mortality in adults. In fact, children in this underserved area already have the highest pediatric asthma hospitalization rate in the en-tire State of California. So adding this insult and adding this exposure is going to be devastating for the sur-rounding pediatric population. As an emergency medicine doctor, I care deeply about the health of our communities and have seen firsthand the effects of poor air quality in these underserved communities. So the pub-lic health danger to families and chil-dren from the Salton Sea is very real and must be addressed at all levels of government—local, State, and Fed-eral—and through public-private part-nerships. We are making progress. I also appreciate the committee’s strong support of the memorandum of understanding that I helped broker be-tween the Department of the Interior and the State of California to support the State’s mitigation plan by includ-ing report language in the underlying bill. In addition to the Salton Sea, fund-ing for the Bureau of Reclamation sup-ports restoration projects across the Western United States that protect public health. For example, in Con-gressman K
ENCALVERT ’s district which neighbors my own district, the Bureau of Reclamation helped to mitigate pub-lic health concerns and water quality issues at Lake Elsinore. Lake Elsinore, like the Salton Sea, has faced chronic challenges relating to water level, water quality, and asso-ciated public health concerns. How-ever, a collaboration between the city of Lake Elsinore, Elsinore Valley Mu-nicipal Water District, Riverside Coun-ty, and the Bureau of Reclamation came together to finally address these challenges. Together they built levees to contain the lake, established a sup-ply of recycled water to help maintain water levels, and installed aerators to prevent fish die-offs by keeping oxygen levels high. So it can work. Lake Elsinore now supports many local businesses and has a flourishing tourism industry. Most importantly, the water is now safer for residents to enjoy all the benefits the lake has to offer, including swimming and water sports. There are countless other examples of Bureau of Reclamation restoration projects helping to protect public health. That is why I urge my col-leagues to support my amendment and provide an additional $2 million to these types of projects. That is why, if we know that this can work in other areas with pending public health crises, it can and will work in my district with the Salton Sea if they are so for-tunate to receive some grant moneys and work in a collaborative way like Lake Elsinore. The health of the Amer-ican people must be put above politics. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. I understand the gen-tleman seeks to show support for addi-tional funding for projects such as the one important to his district and his constituents. I would note that the underlying bill includes a total of $379 million above the budget request for various types of projects that may have public health benefits. Since the amendment before us does not upset the balance of prior-ities within the bill nor direct funds to any particular project or activity, I would not oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman for not opposing. I also want to thank the ranking member for yielding me the time and allowing all of this to proceed. On behalf of those children with pedi-atric asthma, on behalf of our seniors with COPD, chronic bronchitis, and on behalf of the doctors who work in emergency departments, I truly want to bring this awareness to everybody here that this is a pending public health nightmare catastrophe that, if we do nothing, will cost up to $9 billion to address the effects—the public health and the economic effects—that this will do. So putting money in the front end is going to save money in the back end, and it is going to prevent the bad health of our pediatric and our sen-ior populations. Mr. Chairman, I thank the leadership for both listening, understanding, and proceeding with this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.081 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4929 June 7, 2018 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H OLDING ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 14, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $15,000,000)(increased by $15,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from New Mexico. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, 99.9 per-cent of New Mexico is under drought conditions, including over 60 percent of the State which is suffering from ex-treme drought or worse. It is so dry that more than half the State is at sig-nificant risk for dangerous and de-structive wildfires, and long stretches of the Rio Grande riverbed are already dry as a bone. b1700 As I speak, there are wildfires raging across the state, including a massive fire in Ute Park, which is threatening multiple communities and hundreds of buildings. On top of that, last winter’s moun-tain snowpack was the second lowest on record, creating significant issues for New Mexico’s agricultural industry. Farmers are leaving fields unplanted and ranchers are downsizing their herds. Many farmers and ranchers, in-cluding families who have worked their land for generations, are worried that they will not have the water to grow their crops or the hay to feed their livestock in the months and years ahead. Extreme drought is the new normal in large parts of the American South-west and we have to develop innovative technologies and management prac-tices to both preserve the water re-sources we have and increase access to previously unusable water. My amendment intends to prioritize $15 million for the Bureau of Reclama-tion’s water research and development programs. It is critical that we make new investments to develop innovative methods to recycle, reuse, and purify water for agricultural, environmental, residential, and industrial uses. This funding also supports the Brack-ish Groundwater National Desalination Research Facility located in Alamogordo, New Mexico, that devel-ops more cost-effective and efficient ways to desalinate and purify water. This cutting-edge facility brings to-gether researchers from a range of Fed-eral agencies, universities, private companies, and State and local govern-ments to work collaboratively on sus-tainability using billions of previously untapped brackish groundwater in New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, if we don’t develop in-novative water management strategies to do more with less, we won’t have the water we need to plant our fields, feed our livestock, or grow New Mexico’s economy. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand that the gentlewoman seeks to show support for additional funding for water research and development ac-tivities that are important to her dis-trict and to the country. I would just like to clarify that the amendment does not direct funds to any particular activities. For that rea-son and because it does not upset the balance within the bill, I will not op-pose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 17, after the dollar amount in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment seeks a modest amount of dedicated funding for the re-pair and maintenance of existing equipment in the migrating fish screen program. Fish screens are an important part of the water supply infrastructure of the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta that help to protect fish in the delta eco-system. These fish screens work to pre-vent fish from being drawn into various locations in the Bay-Delta Watershed where our water supply takes in water. Fish screens in the delta are particu-larly important for protecting multiple species listed or threatened as endan-gered under the Endangered Species Act, including salmon, steelhead, and delta smelt. Fish screen components operate under water and are constantly ex-posed to stress and damage that wears them down and makes them less effec-tive. Without proper upkeep, debris, sediment, and changes in temperature can create gaps or holes in the screen-ing material and damage cleaning mechanisms. While I appreciate that in its report the Appropriations Committee has rec-ognized the need for continued support of the fish screen program overall, it is important that we include money spe-cifically for the maintenance and re-pair of existing equipment. My com-monsense amendment helps us to do that, I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I un-derstand that the gentleman seeks to show support for additional funding for fish screen projects important to his district and his constituents. I would simply note that this account is one where we historically have given the administration, Republican or Demo-cratic, great flexibility in allocating the funds. If there is widespread inter-est, we should take a comprehensive look at funding levels within the pro-gram, not just adjust funding levels in one activity. Since the amendment does not direct funds to a specific activity and because it does not upset the balance of the bill, I will not oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 8 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.083 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4930 June 7, 2018 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today to offer an amendment to increase funding for the Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy account by $2 million, specifically for use in the SuperTruck II program. The SuperTruck program was started by the Department of Energy under President Obama and former Secretary of Energy Steven Chu to improve freight and heavy-duty vehicle effi-ciency. The Appropriations Committee ac-knowledged in the committee report the success of the SuperTruck II pro-gram, noting these funds will help SuperTruck II to continue to dramati-cally improve the freight efficiency of heavy-duty class 8 long-haul and re-gional-haul vehicles through system level improvements like the hybridiza-tion of vehicles, saving more fuel while idling—that is something I saw in a field demonstration and it is pretty amazing how they turn off at intersec-tions with lights, et cetera—engineer-ing high-efficiency HVAC technologies, and more. This amendment to increase funding for the SuperTruck II program will allow the Department of Energy to bet-ter achieve its freight efficiency goals, and the amendment is fully offset by decreasing the departmental adminis-tration account. I would like to thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR  for their hard work on this bill and for including this amendment. The Rules Committee might have done that, but I don’t think they would have if there were objections from the chair and ranking member. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, my amendment seeks to provide adequate resources for the marine and hydrokinetic energy resource sup-ported by the Department of Energy’s Water Power Technologies Office. Renewable power offers exciting and important security opportunities for our energy future here in the United States. My amendment would allocate resources to support these efforts, in-cluding for the development of pilot project plans, development of proto-type turbines and associated undersea cables, as well as environmental im-pact assessments. In my district, there is an important research already underway in marine and hydrokinetic energy technologies to tap the power of ocean waves, tides, and currents to generate electricity. For example, the Marine Energy Re-newable Collaborative of New England created the first permanent tidal power testing station in the entire United States. This state-of-the-art testing station is collecting new and valuable data every day on tidal power. Compa-nies like MERCO in Marion, Massachu-setts, and Littoral Power in Fairhaven, Massachusetts, are also pursuing this cutting-edge science in this emerging field of energy projection. Southeastern Massachusetts is a leader in the maritime economy. The research and technologies being devel-oped currently will enhance our energy security for the future. We must make these investments today to ensure our security, health, and economic com-petitiveness going forward. The power supplied by these marine and hydrokinetic technologies is clean, predictable, and domestic. These tech-nologies are environmentally friendly and don’t rely on the importation of energy from foreign sources. They give us even more flexibility to keep our en-ergy prices low for families and busi-nesses. Cheaper energy means keeping business operating costs low so they can invest in more employees and on products and research. Supporting research in these tech-nologies also means investigating the potential positive and negative effects that they might hold. We need to know more about water quality, our cultural and historic sites, our electromagnetic devices, and our shellfish, fish stocks, marine habitats, and large mammals. This is a very important program for my region and for the country. I thank my colleagues. I will say, this is so technologically advanced, this is a real tongue twister as I have gone through this whole thing, but don’t let that dissuade any-one going forward. This is the future. This is where economic growth is al-ready occurring in our region. We should do everything in our power to help the development of this power. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate my colleague’s passion for re-search and development in the Water Power Technologies Office. He is a strong advocate in his State for re-search in this important work. Although I could not support the original amendment, I would appre-ciate it if the gentleman would be will-ing to withdraw it and instead work to-gether as we move toward conference to discuss efficient funding for the Water Power Technologies Office. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman S
IMPSON  for that opportunity to work together. I think we can work together going for-ward in the short term. Perhaps as this goes to conference, we can look at working together in the long-term and really investigating the importance of this new energy that can be developed here in the United States so cleanly. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Oregon. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer a bipartisan amendment to increase investments in research and development that support marine energy, hydropower, and pump storage. I first want to thank Chairman S
IMP-
SONand Ranking Member K APTUR for their leadership in supporting the Water Power Technologies Office. Ro-bust funding for the Department of En-ergy’s Water Power Technologies Of-fice will support investments in inno-vative hydropower, marine, and hydrokinetic energy technologies. This bipartisan amendment would in-crease funding for the Office of Energy and Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $10 million for water power and de-crease funding for departmental ad-ministrative spending to result in no additional cost. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.037 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4931 June 7, 2018 
Harnessing energy from waves, cur-rents, and tides is an exciting frontier in the renewable energy sector. Oregon State University, the University of Washington, and the University of Alaska Fairbanks are partnering to support marine renewable energy re-search and development at the Pacific Marine Energy Center. The center relies on Federal invest-ments from the Department of Energy to establish the Nation’s fully ener-getic on-grid wave energy test facility off the Oregon coast. This facility will be able to test wave energy converters that capture the energy of ocean waves, current, tides, and in-river re-sources and turn it into electricity. Hydropower has tremendous poten-tial to become the major source of electricity for the United States and the world, but other countries are ahead of us here. We must continue to develop clean and sustainable energy sources, and that means supporting new solutions like marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy. We should be doing more to harness the power of water to meet our Na-tion’s clean energy needs, create good- paying jobs, and spur economic growth in our communities. b1715 Mr. Chair, I again thank the chair-man and ranking member for their work on this issue and also Representa-tives Perry and Pingree for their bipar-tisan leadership on water power. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, similar to the previous amendment, I appre-ciate my colleague’s passion for this important research and development and work done in the Water Power Technologies Office. They are each strong advocates, and I recognize their leadership in their States for this im-portant work. Although I could not support this amendment, I would again make the offer that, if the gentlewoman is will-ing to withdraw the amendment, I would work with her and others to make sure that we have sufficient funding for the Water Power Tech-nologies Office when we go to con-ference. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate that offer of the gentleman to work together on this important issue with a lot of promise for additional re-newable energy jobs and sources. So, Mr. Chairman, we do need to be making stronger investments in clean and sustainable energy sources like water power. With that offer to work together, I will withdraw this amend-ment but do hope that we will work to-gether going forward to increase fund-ing for this very important program. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. Page 27, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment, which would protect millions of good- paying manufacturing jobs across the country, including in my home State of Connecticut. My amendment would re-store $15 million to the Advanced Man-ufacturing Office in fiscal year 2019. The Department of Energy’s Ad-vanced Manufacturing Office is the only technology development office in the Federal Government that is dedi-cated to enhancing American manufac-turing competitiveness. Unfortunately, the appropriations bill before us here today cuts funding to the Advanced Manufacturing Office by $45 million from the FY18 enacted levels. That is a mistake. One of the vital programs funded through the Advanced Manufacturing Office is the Industrial Assessment Centers program. Industrial Assess-ment Centers are located across the United States and provide companies with the tools they need to promote energy efficiency. A couple of years ago, I visited Forum Plastics, a plastic molding com-pany in Waterbury, Connecticut. Forum Plastics had recently partnered with our regional Industrial Assess-ment Center at the University of Mas-sachusetts to carry out an audit of Forum Plastics’ energy costs and en-ergy efficiency. That audit showed the small com-pany ways they could save energy, re-duce waste, and see cost savings. In fact, the audit helped Forum Plastics develop more energy-efficient proc-esses, which resulted in a cost savings of nearly $25,000 the very next year. For small and medium-size compa-nies like Forum Plastics, savings like this are real. They free up budgets to hire more employees, carry out sys-tems and equipment upgrades, and ex-pand their facilities. We know that much of America’s in-novation comes from exactly these sort of small and medium-size companies that the Advanced Manufacturing Of-fice is designed to help. These compa-nies are not able to afford high-priced consultants or systems analysts but benefit greatly from the analyses that the Industrial Assessment Centers offer. This helps create jobs in our commu-nities, helps support American com-petitiveness, and ensures that taxpayer dollars support smaller manufacturers that are the backbone of so many of our communities. Mr. Chair, I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate my colleague’s advocacy for the Advanced Manufacturing Office within the Energy Efficiency and Re-newable Energy account. The Advanced Manufacturing Office performs research and development to improve the productivity and energy efficiency of U.S. manufacturing. This is important work, and I recognize my colleague’s leadership in highlighting the office. While I could not support using the Nuclear Waste Disposal account as an offset for the original amendment, I would appreciate my colleague’s will-ingness to offer to withdraw this amendment. I look forward to working with my colleague as we move forward toward conference to discuss sufficient funding for the Advanced Manufac-turing Office. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I appreciate Chairman S
IMPSON ’s and Ranking Member K
APTUR ’s support for the Advanced Manufacturing Office, and I look forward to working with both of them in the future to increase funding for these important programs for fiscal year 2019. Therefore, I will withdraw my amendment to restore $15 million to the Advanced Manufacturing Office in fiscal year 2019. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MS . TSONGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.094 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4932 June 7, 2018 
from Massachusetts (Ms. T SONGAS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Massachusetts. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, my amend-ment increases funding by $5 million for the Department of Energy’s Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy for the purposes of offshore wind job training grants. The amendment is paid for by using an equal offset from the Department’s administration accounts. According to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, our Nation’s off-shore wind energy potential is nearly double our total electricity need. It is also an energy resource available to nearly every coastline in the country, including the Great Lakes. Offshore wind is broadly recognized as our Nation’s next great energy re-source, one that has the potential to create tens of thousands of new jobs in manufacturing, logistics, engineering, construction, and long-term operations and maintenance of these projects. This potential has been acknowl-edged by the Trump administration. Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke recently spoke at an offshore wind en-ergy conference and said that offshore wind has more growth potential than any other energy resource. In fact, he also published an op-ed in The Boston Globe in April under-scoring the importance of offshore wind to the Trump administration’s all-of-the-above energy strategy and announced two new proposed lease sales in Massachusetts for commercial wind development. As he said in the op-ed—and we have it printed right here: ‘‘The Trump ad-ministration supports an all-of-the- above American energy policy, and wind energy is an important part of the energy mix. Just like the pioneers who drilled our Nation’s first offshore wells in the 1890s, those men and women who construct wind turbines in American waters in the years to come will con-tinue to set our Nation toward clean energy dominance.’’ To realize the full potential of our Nation’s offshore wind resources, we must make sure that a cadre of Amer-ican workers are fully trained and ready to pave the way for growth and innovation in this rapidly growing in-dustry. This amendment makes a mod-est investment toward this goal by spe-cifically appropriating $5 million for offshore wind job training grants at the Department of Energy. Workforce development and edu-cation is one of several focus areas at the Wind Energy Technologies Office, and grants funded by this amendment would help develop curricula, appren-ticeships, health and safety certifi-cation programs, and other activities that help workers transition to the off-shore wind industry. The Trump administration recently announced similar workforce training grants for solar through DOE’s Solar Energy Technologies Office, and we should be doing the same for offshore wind workforce development through DOE’s Wind Energy Technologies Of-fice. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support American energy jobs by vot-ing ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. And I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, this bill in-cludes $84 million for research and de-velopment on wind energy within the EERE account. That is more than $53 million higher than the budget re-quest—$53 million higher than the budget request. Research and development in the wind office was targeted to support our Nation’s wind turbine testing infra-structure and advanced solutions to wind energy challenges. This is a stra-tegic focus to lay the foundation for technological innovations that can be picked up by industry at a later stage. While I support research and develop-ment on wind energy and recognize my colleague’s advocacy for these activi-ties, focusing funds on job training grants strays too far from the bill’s strategic priorities. Therefore, I must oppose the amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, this amendment really is a very modest in-vestment in our Nation’s workforce and, therefore, worthy of increased funding devoted to this purpose. We can’t just be investing in energy technologies; we need to be investing in our people who will bring these tech-nologies out of the lab and into our homes and businesses. Offshore wind has the potential to create tens of thousands of jobs and make the United States a global indus-try leader. The gentleman referenced some in-creases, but, even with this amend-ment, funding for the Wind Energy Technologies Office is still below last year’s level. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), the ranking member. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to strongly support Congresswoman T
SON-
GAS’ amendment. In our country today, there are 12 wind projects in various stages of de-velopment, spanning 10 States off the east, west, and Texas coasts and, of course, in the Great Lakes as well. These offshore projects alone represent over 5,000 megawatts of potential off-shore development. We don’t have a kilowatt to waste. These projects can create thousands of manufacturing, construction, and supply-chain jobs across our country and drive billions of dollars of local economic investment. We know we will need workers to do these clean energy jobs. And I can guarantee you those towers are very high. So I definitely support funding for training activities in this regard for the future. The Department of Energy already has workforce training grants for solar, and, therefore, I would very much wish to carry over that effort as well to the Wind Power Technologies Office. Mr. Chairman, I congratulate the gentlewoman for offering this impor-tant amendment, and I urge my col-leagues to support the amendment. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 15 seconds to my colleague from Massa-chusetts (Mr. KEATING ). Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, there are people in our country who are look-ing for jobs. We also have in our coun-try jobs that are looking for people. So this matches that up. Research and development is impor-tant, but without people to be trained to go forward it will come to no avail in our country. It is important for our region; it is important for our country. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. K
EATING ). Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman S
IMPSON for yielding me ad-ditional time. This gives me a brief time to tell how it is important in my region as well as how real it is in our region. In my district, a major offshore wind project just got the green light to build an 800-megawatt wind farm 15 miles south of Martha’s Vineyard. It is going to bring with it hundreds and hundreds of new, high-quality job opportunities in southeastern Massachusetts. This requires skilled labor, and the amendment would try to connect those workers with these skills and the training they need to take advantage of these opportunities to these new jobs. This is something that has to be done ahead of time in our country. One of the biggest weaknesses we do have, I think, economically, is that we have to prepare for the jobs that are here that we don’t have people for and the jobs that will grow that we don’t have enough people for. It is an opportunity to do this. I thank the chairman again for yield-ing the time, and I thank the leader-ship of the gentlewoman from Massa-chusetts, Ms. T
SONGAS . Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate the gentleman and gentle-woman’s passion for this. I have to oppose the amendment at this time but look forward to working with the gentlewoman to try to address this issue as we move forward in the fu-ture. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.099 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4933 June 7, 2018 
The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts will be postponed. b1730 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 22, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the Cyberse-curity, Energy Security, and Emer-gency Response program by $1 million and decrease the departmental admin-istration fund within the Department of Energy by an equal amount. The new Office of Cybersecurity, En-ergy Security, and Emergency Re-sponse addresses the emerging threats of tomorrow while protecting the reli-able flow of energy to America’s broad population today by improving energy infrastructure security and supporting the Department of Energy’s national security mission. Being prepared and ready to respond quickly and effectively to all hazards is crucial. We need to make sure we can improve the ability of energy sector stakeholders to prevent, prepare for, and respond to threats, hazards, nat-ural disaster, and other supply disrup-tions. Additionally, in today’s highly interconnected world, reliable energy delivery requires cyber resilient energy delivery systems. This amendment would increase funds to focus on preparedness and re-sponse activities to natural and man-made threats, ensuring a stronger, more prosperous, and secure future for the Nation. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for his support. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 22, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the Electric Delivery program by $1 million and de-crease the departmental administra-tive fund within the Department of En-ergy by an equal amount. This amendment is intended to in-crease funding for the new Electric De-livery program’s activities to accel-erate discovery and innovation in elec-trical transmission and distribution technologies and create next genera-tion devices, software, tools, and tech-niques to help modernize the electric grid. Additionally, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the com-mittee for all their work in advancing high-power capacity batteries and grid restoration efforts in Puerto Rico. First, I thank the committee for the inclusion of report language discussing the potential benefits of high-power, high-capacity batteries. These bat-teries could provide energy resilience in the face of extreme weather disas-ters. These technologies could have prevented hardships during last year’s hurricane season and decrease reliance on generators during emergencies. In Florida, Hurricane Maria caused a prolonged power outage in assisted liv-ing facilities that cost lives. This could have been prevented, and this amend-ment assists in that. Second, I thank the committee for the report language that supports the Department’s involvement in the grid restoration efforts in Puerto Rico. Their continued effort and support pro-vide technical assistance as Puerto Rico works to rebuild its energy infra-structure and is essential to long-term recovery. Again, my amendment would in-crease funding for the Electric Deliv-ery program, which would advance our Nation’s grid reliability and resiliency. I thank the chairman and the com-mittee for their support, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . WEBER OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 23, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $35,000,000)(increased by $35,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Develop-ment and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act of 2019. I want to thank the gentleman from Idaho, Representative M
IKESIMPSON , the chairman of the House Energy and Water Development, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Subcommittee for bringing a pro-science bill to the floor that supports nuclear energy innova-tion. I strongly support division A of this legislation and appreciate the chairman’s work on this bill. Over the past 4 years, the Science, Space, and Technology Committee championed legislation to provide the tools needed to develop advanced nu-clear reactor technology in these United States. My bill, the Nuclear En-ergy Innovation Capabilities Act, passed the House three times last Con-gress and, most recently, was included in H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act, that passed the House in January of last year. A key part of this legislation author-izes DOE to construct a research reac-tor. This reactor, or versatile neutron source, is critical for the development of advanced reactor designs, materials, and nuclear fuels. Access to fast neu-trons currently only available for civil-ian research in Russia is crucial for private sector development of next generation materials and fuels needed for advanced nuclear reactor tech-nology. The versatile neutron source will also enable the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to verify data on new fuels, materials, and designs more effi-ciently, expediting regulatory approval for advanced nuclear reactors. Earlier this year, the House passed a second bill that authorizes specific funding from within the DOE Office of Nuclear Energy for the construction of that versatile neutron source. My bill, the Nuclear Energy Research Infra-structure Act, included $100 million for this project in fiscal year 2019. While I am pleased to see the report for this legislation direct $65 million in funding for this facility, we must move forward on construction for the versatile neutron source as quickly as possible. My amendment is intended to increase funding for this vital project from within the Office of Nuclear En-ergy to match the House-passed au-thorization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.101 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4934 June 7, 2018 
Modeling and simulation can accel-erate R&D, but nuclear energy re-search must be validated through a physical source like a research reactor. Building this open-access user facility in the DOE national lab system will fa-cilitate nuclear energy research in the United States, which otherwise simply will not take place. We cannot afford to lose the ability to develop innova-tive nuclear technology right here at home. I want to again thank Chairman S
IMPSON for his support of nuclear en-ergy research and for prioritizing the research infrastructure that keeps America safe while keeping America globally competitive. I am prepared to withdraw my amendment and to continue working with the chairman to advance the House-passed authorization levels for this important project in conference if I can get assurance from him. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague for his amendment and for his willingness to withdraw it and for the authorizer’s strong support for this bill. I recognize the House-passed author-ization for the versatile neutron source is a priority of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and also of me. I appreciate my colleague’s high-lighting these priorities, and I look for-ward to working with him as we move into conference to ensure these prior-ities have sufficient funding in the final legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 24, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000) (increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to increase funding to the Office of Fossil Energy’s program to support solid oxide fuel cell research technology for power generation, and I want to thank my colleague from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ) for working on this amend-ment with me. Countries around the world—China, Korea, Germany, and Japan—are al-ready prioritizing the development of their fuel cell industries. In order for the United States to remain competi-tive in this global economy, we must support the research and development of new and innovative energy tech-nologies, including fuel cells. Robust Federal funding of tech-nologies that are not yet commercially viable, like solid oxide fuel cells, allow the United States to remain in the forefront of cleaner energy tech-nologies and will help grow jobs across the country to meet the entire world’s demand for cleaner, cheaper energy. In my home State of Connecticut, FuelCell Energy, a Danbury- and Torrington-based company, has become one of the world’s leaders in delivering clean, efficient, and affordable fuel cell solutions. Researchers at FuelCell are developing new applications for solid oxide fuel cell technology and are mak-ing great advances in the field of sta-tionary fuel cells. The Department of Energy program that our amendment increases funding for supports jobs in Connecticut at FuelCell Energy, FuelCell Energy’s Connecticut vendors, the University of Connecticut, which receives SECA funding through the FuelCell sub-contractors, and at innovative compa-nies and institutions across this coun-try. Mr. Chair, this amendment is a win- win for our economy. New innovation in fuel cell technology promotes clean-er, more sustainable energy and cre-ates American jobs. I urge my col-leagues to support funding for the Of-fice of Fossil Energy’s program to sup-port solid oxide fuel cell research tech-nology. I thank the Members for their sup-port, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 24, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $28,310,000)’’. Page 30, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $28,310,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, the Beyer-Eshoo-Esty amendment simply restores funding to the Advanced Re-search Project-Energy, ARPA-E, to the FY18 enacted level that was already approved by this Congress earlier this year. ARPA-E was created to replicate the successful DARPA model by incentivizing researchers to develop promising research into game-changing technologies that can meet our future energy needs. Mr. Chairman, despite the huge pay-off, the private sector does not often and cannot invest efficiently in kind of high-risk, high-reward energy research. ARPA-E has already demonstrated in-credible success in advancing energy technology solutions that neither the public nor the private sector has been willing or able to support in the past. Since 2009, 136 of these projects have attracted more than $2.6 billion in pri-vate sector follow-on funding. And please note, the amendment does not cut fossil energy research. It sim-ply reduces the plus-up for the account. The Fossil Energy R&D will still re-ceive $30 million more than last year and 50 percent more than President Trump’s FY19 request level. I urge my colleagues to support the Beyer-Eshoo-Esty amendment to make ARPA-E whole. ARPA-E is a smart bet on America’s proven ability to turn creative ideas into market-creating, job-growing businesses. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from West Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKIN-
LEY). Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, but let’s just step back a second. Here is the reality. America and the entire world will be relying on fossil energy for years to come. The Energy Information Admin-istration estimates that, in 2040, fossil energy will still make up 78 percent of the energy used in the world. b1745 Let’s look at two examples of what America stands to lose if this amend-ment is adopted. The fossil R&D program has put America on the cusp of producing zero carbon emissions from electric genera-tion using the innovative and unique Allam cycle. The innovative NET Power plant in Texas was funded by DOE in its re-search. It is amazing what they are doing using CO
2to spin a turbine in-stead of as an emission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.107 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4935 June 7, 2018 
To this end, Congress should be put-ting more money into this program on research, not reducing it. Secondly, the fossil R&D program also has had tremendous success in ex-tracting rare earth elements from coal and mine drainage. But, currently, China controls over 90 percent of the world’s rare earth elements. These minerals are critical to our national defense and are used in hybrid vehicles, wind turbines, fuel cells, and portable electronics. By adopting this amendment, we would be unnecessarily putting the en-vironment at risk and lose a potential key supply of rare earth minerals. Fossil fuels will be around for the foreseeable future. We should be uti-lizing them in the cleanest, most effi-cient manner through research, and all of that requires more research at the Federal level. The House has soundly defeated a similar amendment in the past, and I urge my colleagues to do so now as well. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, there is virtually nothing my friend from West Virginia said that I disagree with, ex-cept the idea that we are somehow tak-ing money from fossil fuel research that is untoward. Just remember, this is a $30 million step up from last year and 50 percent more than President Trump has even asked for. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in strong support of this amendment, the Beyer-Eshoo-Esty amendment, which restores funding to make it equal to the fiscal year 2018 level agreed to by Congress earlier this year for ARPA-E, which is the Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency-En-ergy. ARPA-E is housed within the Depart-ment of Energy and invests in emerg-ing clean energy technologies to make our country more energy-secure, re-duce costs, and increase energy effi-ciency. So it is smart. It is smart. That is what America has been known for, and we want to retain that reputation. The Agency specializes in high-risk, high-reward technologies that are, in many instances, too risky for the pri-vate sector but have enormous poten-tial to change how we produce and con-sume energy. ARPA-E is doing for energy develop-ment what the NIH does for medical re-search. It provides early-stage support for new moonshot ideas that have the potential to transform the everyday lives of Americans and our economy. ARPA-E is a product of the 2006 Inno-vation Agenda and was modeled after the highly acclaimed DARPA, created 60 years ago in the Department of De-fense. It is credited with launching some of the most successful tech-nologies of our time, including GPS and the internet. ARPA-E was created by Congress in 2007 with bipartisan support, it was signed into law by a Republican Presi-dent, and it has been a resounding suc-cess. In its 10-year history, the agency has funded over 660 projects that have helped create 71 new companies; at-tracted over $2.6 billion in private sec-tor funding; led to the creation of 245 new patents; and fostered over 1,700 peer-reviewed articles to further our understanding of the energy eco-system. Mr. Chairman, the United States, I think, is really at an important cross-roads in our history. We will decide whether our country is going to con-tinue to lead the world in innovation. Foreign competitors, such as China, are surging investments in new R&D and threaten to overtake our country in that area. We must continue our basic investments to ensure we remain the most innovative and successful economy in the world, and this amend-ment helps to advance this. This has been bipartisan and over-whelmingly successful for our country. Why would we turn the pages back? So, for all these reasons and more, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, fossil energy helped make America the great Nation it is today. West Virginia coal, for example, helped forge the steel that built skyscrapers and won world wars. The DOE Fossil Energy account helps our Nation develop the next generation of fossil technologies. If we don’t de-velop it, other nations will. America must continue its energy dominance and independence, and fossil fuels must play a critical role in our energy strat-egy. The Fossil Energy account invests in research and development for coal, oil, and natural gas, which produce, as you have heard, more than 60 percent of our Nation’s electricity. The research being done at the Na-tional Energy Technology Laboratory in Morgantown, West Virginia, and other locations is paying off. We are seeing breakthroughs in coal use in en-ergy production, as well as carbon cap-ture and storage technology. These breakthroughs mean the United States does not need to rely on unfriendly nations for energy anymore. Within 5 years, the United States will become the largest producer in the world of crude oil, bigger than Russia or Saudi Arabia. Investing in fossil energy programs will fuel the next generation of innova-tion and do so responsibly. Cutting this funding will only set America back. We have abundant, reliable, domestic en-ergy resources, and abandoning this re-search will put our energy future in se-vere jeopardy. President Trump, just last week, took action to strengthen our Nation’s coal-fired power plants to protect our national security and grid reliability. Cutting this funding is irresponsible and jeopardizes our energy independ-ence. Therefore, I urge Members to vote against this amendment, which would impose significant cuts to R&D funding for fossil energy technology. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to point out that, if one looks at the fine print in our bill, the ac-count, actually, for fossil is increased by over $50 million over the current year. That is a pretty healthy increase. We are not really cutting anything in that bill if we take the funds that you are offering here. Fossil will still see a $30 million increase over this year. It isn’t being cut to the bones or any-thing like that. In fact, we are adding flesh to the bones of the fossil ac-counts. I think it is important to support the Beyer-Eshoo-Esty proposal here in this amendment because we are creating the future with ARPA-E. Nobody knows what ARPA-E means in the av-erage neighborhood of our country. It really is not just the moonshot; it is the Mars-shot. It is the highest level of energy research we do. When I saw Members from Massachu-setts down on the floor here a little earlier, I thought to myself: When I saw the Russian tanker come in last year with natural gas because parts of the East Coast couldn’t heat their homes in the wintertime, I have to tell you, I am worried. Every American should be worried. We should be developing energy on many fronts. An all-of-the-above strat-egy is exactly what this country should be doing. We shouldn’t be peeling away funds for the highest level of research that we do in our Nation. Truly, ARPA-E helps us become a global leader. It is transformational in what it does. It is a model for others to imitate. It is smart, it is agile, it is fast-acting, it is nonbureaucratic, and it is bold—qualities that both Repub-licans and Democrats like. Last year, actually, many Repub-lican officials and business leaders, in-cluding the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce, said ARPA-E is a blueprint for smart Federal investments that boost our global competitiveness. And surely it does, because I can remember a time when America was not running its way to energy independence. It was, in fact, completely dependent on imported sources of energy. ARPA-E has been nothing short of re-markable. One hundred and thirty-six projects have attracted over $2.6 billion in private sector follow-on funding. I repeat: private sector. While I do support fossil—and Ohio is a State right now where we have a lot of coal, we have a lot of natural gas. We even have some oil being brought up with the natural gas. I support all that. But we know one thing about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.112 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4936 June 7, 2018 
that: it is finite. It is not going to be there for future generations. ARPA-E leads us into a new future, and this amendment moves us in the proper direction. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the Beyer-Eshoo-Esty amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I simply add that we are not cutting the fossil fuel research and development, which we do believe in. This is a plus-up from last year of at least $30 million and 50 percent more than President Trump has requested. All we are simply doing is trying to appropriate to ARPA-E what was en-acted by this Congress and, also, to point out that ARPA-E does not ex-clude fossil fuel research. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 27, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $126,800,000) (increased by $126,800,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I offer an amendment to H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. I first want to thank the gentleman from Idaho, Congressman M
IKESIMP-
SON, the chairman of the House Appro-priations Energy and Water Develop-ment and Related Agencies Sub-committee, for working with us to de-velop a strong, pro-science appropria-tions bill. I strongly support division A of this legislation, and I appreciate the chair-man’s initiative in basic science re-search. This amendment provides for critical facility upgrades and construction of basic research infrastructure that are within the core mission of the Depart-ment of Energy and will lead to sci-entific discoveries that will maintain U.S. leadership in innovation and tech-nology. In February, the House unanimously passed three bipartisan House Science, Space, and Technology Committee re-search infrastructure bills: H.R. 4376, the Department of Energy Research In-frastructure Act; H.R. 4377, the Accel-erating American Leadership in Science Act; and H.R. 4378, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act. These bills authorized full funding for upgrades in construction of several high-priority user facilities at DOE Na-tional Labs. This amendment provides $76.8 mil-lion from within funds appropriated to the Office of Science to meet the House-passed authorization levels for four of the infrastructure projects in-cluded in these bills, including the LINAC Coherent Light Source high en-ergy upgrade, the proton power up-grade to the Spallation Neutron Source, the construction of the Spall-ation Neutron Source Second Target Station, and the construction of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams. My amendment also fully supports basic research in fusion energy science, a field that could lead to a revolu-tionary new energy source. Specifi-cally, it provides $50 million from with-in the funds appropriated to the Office of Science for the direct U.S. commit-ment for fiscal year 2019 to the con-struction of the International Thermo-nuclear Experimental Reactor, or ITER, project. While I am pleased that division A of this legislation provides $163 million for the agreed-to hardware and other in-kind contributions, cash contribu-tions to ITER are not designated in the bill. My amendment is intended to ad-dress this issue and fully fund the U.S. commitment in fiscal year 2019. I want to also draw attention to an-other shared priority with the chair-man, reinstating the Low Dose Radi-ation Research Program at DOE. This program is essential to understanding the health impact of low doses of radi-ation. There is a broad consensus within the radiobiology community that more re-search is necessary for Federal agen-cies, physicians, and related experts to make better-informed decisions regard-ing low-dose radiation. b1800 Earlier this year, the House passed H.R. 4675, the Low Dose Radiation Re-search Act, which authorizes $20 mil-lion in fiscal year 2019. I hope we can work together to provide this funding for low dose radiation research. Mr. Chair, I again thank Chairman S
IMPSON for his long-standing support of basic research and investments in DOE’s best-in-the-world science facili-ties. I greatly appreciate the effort the chairman has made to prioritize funda-mental science and our long-standing partnership to responsibly fund DOE. Mr. Chair, I am prepared to withdraw my amendment and to continue work-ing with the chairman to advance the House-passed authorization levels for these important projects in conference. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman of the Science Committee for his amendment and for the authorizers’ strong support for this bill. I recognize the House-passed authorizations for DOE research, infrastructure construc-tion and facilities upgrades, and the low dose radiation research are prior-ities of the Science Committee. I appreciate the chairman high-lighting these priorities and I look for-ward to working with him as we move to conference to ensure these projects receive sufficient funding. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chair, I ap-preciate Chairman SIMPSON ’s commit-ment and support. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 27, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, my amendment allocates resources for ad-ditional research into innovative tech-nologies and processes for safe and se-cure storage, treatment, transpor-tation, and disposal of spent nuclear fuel from civilian nuclear reactors. Five nuclear power plants have re-tired since 2013. Six more across the country, including the Pilgrim Nuclear Power Plant in my district, are slated to retire just in the next few years. This is also timely, because just last month, this House passed, by a margin of 340–72, a bill to improve nuclear waste storage. Reactors can shut down, but that doesn’t mean there is a safe, secure plan for spent fuel stored onsite. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.113 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4937 June 7, 2018 
Pilgrim has been operating for over 45 years in Massachusetts, and its spent fuel has been stored there ever since. The Pilgrim Plant is slated to retire in 2019, almost exactly 1 year from today. The spent fuel there needs to be addressed. My community in Plymouth and those around the country are ask-ing legitimate questions on how the safety and security of these materials can be increased. We have an opportunity to dig deeper into these questions and find better an-swers for my constituents and for peo-ple around the country who have a nu-clear power plant nearby. New advanced research should exam-ine how the safety and security of spent fuel pools can be improved. Additionally, the safe transfer of ma-terials to dry casks deserves to be reex-amined, as does the design and long- term integrity of dry casks. Further-more, research into the transportation and ultimate disposal of spent fuel is crucial in identifying the best and safest long-term solutions. They too need to be examined and improved. My amendment supports further re-search into these areas so that when nuclear energy is part of our commu-nities, we are able to ensure, as best we can, that spent nuclear fuel is secure and not posing unnecessary threats. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their consideration of this amendment and urge their support. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise to support my good colleague, Congress-man K
EATING , and his amendment deal-ing with spent nuclear fuel. We need a solution all across our country to spent nuclear fuel stored on dozens and dozens of sites across our country. We thought we had a solution. $14 billion has been invested in the Yucca Mountain facility, and yet because of opposition from those who were not consulted in Nevada before that site was constructed, our Nation has been at a standstill. So I want to com-pliment the gentleman from Massachu-setts for bringing up this issue. Northern Ohio, a vast region that I and other Ohio Members represent, has more than one nuclear power plant that is faced with spent nuclear fuel onsite. We know that the Department of En-ergy is doing tremendous work in this arena, very fine work, but we simply can’t continue to just keep talking about this. We actually have to begin to store fuel in a much safer way. This amendment would build on the work that DOE has been doing to con-tinue to invest in such a critically im-portant area as spent nuclear fuel and its permanent storage. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the Keating amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 27, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment today to direct $3 million to the Office of Science within the Department of Energy for impor-tant nuclear fusion science work being done across the country. Specifically, these funds would sup-port divertor test tokamak research and development. The fusion commu-nity has identified the need for a tokamak specifically designed for di-vertor testing as a necessary research facility to drive divertor innovation. Fusion science, Mr. Chairman, is the future of energy production, offering unique and substantial advantages compared to other approaches. Fusion power is a safe, clean, and sustainable energy source that could provide the United States with energy independ-ence and a nearly limitless energy sup-ply. The future is closer than we think. Sustainable fusion energy production is a very real possibility within the next 10 years. However, there are outstanding tech-nical issues that must be solved before we can harness fusion as a practical en-ergy source. Among them is dealing with extreme temperatures generated through the process, over a million de-grees. A tokamak designed with diver-tor tests in mind could test potential solutions to this problem. These funds support the immediate need of design conceptualization, which will help keep the United States as a world leader in this area. We must seize this opportunity and vigorously pursue this research and development work. This work may also have critical na-tional security implications. The House Report accompanying H.R. 5515, the fiscal year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act that recently passed the House, contains language asking the Department of Defense to explore this technology and its potential use towards our national security objec-tives. History has shown, Mr. Chairman, that research funding fosters innova-tive ideas and new technologies that can produce order-of-magnitude im-provements over those presently em-ployed. The current fusion science re-search program suggests promising ad-vancements in plasma and material science, which could readily support defense initiatives. To ensure this crit-ical work continues and that we cap-italize on its findings, Congress must act to fund this important work. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman SIMPSON  and Ranking Member K
APTUR for tak-ing my request into consideration. This investment is critical in providing for our collective national and energy se-curity, and I respectfully urge its adop-tion. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for the consideration of this amendment. I think it is important to try and meet the future energy needs and national security needs of our country, and I again urge its adoption. Mr. Chair, I yield back of balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . KIHUEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 27, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $190,000,000)’’. Page 64, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $190,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I come to the floor to discuss the State of Ne-vada’s fierce opposition to using Yucca Mountain as a nuclear waste dump. While I appreciate having the oppor-tunity to speak to you today, I am ex-tremely frustrated with the recent ac-tions Congress has taken to revive this project. Mr. Chairman, Yucca Mountain lies in my congressional district. In the 30 years since Congress passed the ‘‘Screw Nevada’’ bill, Congress has wasted $3.7 billion of taxpayers’ money on a project that Nevada has repeatedly said will not happen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.118 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4938 June 7, 2018 
And now, this Congress wants to con-tinue to egregiously spend money on this failed project in fiscal year 2019 ap-propriations. So once again, I am here to fight to prevent nuclear waste from ever com-ing to my home State of Nevada. That is why I have introduced an amend-ment to H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Act of 2019. My amendment, Mr. Chairman, would strike $190 million for the licens-ing of the nuclear waste depository at Yucca Mountain. I routinely hear from my Republican colleagues on the need to reduce our deficit and debt. I fully agree with the sentiment. Congress should not waste another $190 million of taxpayer money on a project that will not come to fru-ition. But you should support my amend-ment not just on the fiscal basis. Mr. Chairman, my home State of Nevada, which has no nuclear energy-producing facilities, should not be the dumping ground for the rest of the country’s nu-clear waste. And this is not just an issue facing Nevadans. It is an issue that impacts constituents from 329 congressional districts in 44 States and Washington, D.C. Putting a nuclear repository in Ne-vada’s backyard means that this high level nuclear waste must travel through your backyards first as well. Your constituents will see high level nuclear waste transported through their communities on rail and by truck. A simple car crash or train de-railment will leave your constituents at risk and cost our taxpayers more money to clean up the mess. It is clear that reopening Yucca Mountain is fiscally unsound, presents threats to people across the country, and is unwanted by the people of Ne-vada. That is why I encourage you to support my amendment to prevent nu-clear waste from ever coming to Ne-vada. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. R
OSEN ), my colleague. b1815 Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of our amendment, which would strike funding for the Yucca Mountain project. Like the vast majority of Nevadans, I firmly oppose any attempt to turn my State into the Nation’s nuclear waste dump. Dumping nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain wouldn’t only endan-ger the health and safety of my con-stituents, who live just 90 miles away in the Las Vegas Valley, it would threaten millions of Americans in 44 States. This ill-conceived plan would mean transporting tens of thousands of met-ric tons of radioactive waste across this country. Those shipments of haz-ardous material would travel on our highways and railways to Nevada through over 329 congressional dis-tricts on a weekly basis for more than 50 years. Finally, reviving Yucca Mountain would jeopardize military testing and training at our defense facilities. Our amendment would strike $190 million for the licensing for this ad-ministration’s plan to turn Nevada into a dumping ground. That is the bulk of the funding for this dangerous failure of a project. We shouldn’t waste another dime of taxpayer money on failed efforts to try to send nuclear waste to Yucca Mountain. It is time to move on from this reck-less and costly project, so I urge my colleagues to support our amendment to remove this licensing funding and, instead, work with us on alternative solutions that repurpose Yucca Moun-tain into something that can create jobs and keep our families safe. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, let me be clear what this amendment does. This is 1,000 pages of the safety and evaluation report by the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission—5 volumes. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is our independent safety agency on all things nuclear. What my colleague from Nevada’s amendment does is strip the money for what they keep telling me they want. They want to prove the science. They want to say it is not safe. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission says it is safe for a million years. Now, if my colleagues from Nevada want to debate the science, then they can do that, per the Nuclear Waste Pol-icy Act, through the licensing project. But, no, they don’t want to put their science up against our independent nu-clear safety agency. They want to adju-dicate this in the court of public opin-ion and deprive the money to have that final science debate. So this amendment is really an anti- science amendment to not debate the NRC’s finding, because we know that in their conclusion they say storing nu-clear waste in a long-term geological repository—and this is the world con-sensus—in a deep geological repository is what the world’s scientists say is the safest way to store spent nuclear fuel and defense waste. That is not just the United States. That is France. That is Norway. That is Great Britain. That is many of our allies and friends and their scientists. Again, 1,000 pages, 5 volumes, public record. This amendment takes that money away so we don’t have a debate on the science. It is either in the desert under-neath a mountain, 1,000 feet above the ground table, 1,000 feet below the top of the mountain, or it is on the Pacific Ocean. Those are the choices that we had debated in H.R. 3053. And not only that, the Chamber as a whole, in a bipartisan manner, said— 340 Members—actually, more Demo-crats supported H.R. 3053 than opposed it—340–72. Why? Because we have a na-tional problem which requires a na-tional solution. We have to keep our promises. These are the operating commercial and nuclear reactors. This doesn’t even talk about the defense issue. The na-tional media from around the country is on our side as far as moving forward if the science is found to be reliable. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission says a million years. The State of Ne-vada says: Not so. Let’s have the de-bate. Let’s not strip the money away to have that final debate. That is why I ask my colleagues to reject this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I am glad this amendment came, because our job now is to educate, not only the State of Nevada, but it is also to edu-cate our colleagues from across the country that the science debate, the final decision needs to be through the licensing. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission, our independent Federal nuclear safety agency, says it will be safe for a mil-lion years. Nevada says: Not so. Let’s have the debate. Let’s not strip the money. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
HIM-
KUS) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concur-rence of the House is requested: 
S. 2377. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse locaed at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Build-ing and United States Courthouse’’. S. 2734. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the George P. Kazen Federal Build-ing and United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). It is now in order to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.122 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4939 June 7, 2018 
consider amendment No. 24 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 30, line 7, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $325,000,000)’’. Page 30, line 8, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $29,250,000)’’. Page 64, line 6, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $325,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the ARPA–E program first began receiving funding through the 2009 Obama stim-ulus and is currently unauthorized. ARPA–E grew out of those years’ overly optimistic perception of the Federal Government’s ability to lead in areas of commercially viable energy re-search and technology, particularly in renewables. The obvious problem with this premise is that the government, unlike our Nation’s industries and corpora-tions, has never been in the business of cost-benefit maximization, as other blunders from that period, like the Solyndra scandal, demonstrated. This is because the Federal Govern-ment is competent and accomplished in the areas of basic, early-stage sci-entific research but poorly positioned to move research from concept to mar-ket. And ARPA–E provides even fur-ther demonstration of that. The Sub-committee on Energy and Water Devel-opment and Related Agencies defunded the program in their FY18 draft passed bill. The administration and the Repub-lican Study Committee have both ad-vocated eliminating this stimulus-era program and have continually indi-cated that the proper role of govern-ment in energy research is at the level of basic research taking place in exist-ent, well-funded programs like the Of-fice of Science and the applied energy research and development program. Those DOE programs that they point to are more worthy recipients of Fed-eral dollars, are effective, and produce results because they focus on the right goals. For this reason, the administration is also strongly opposed to continued funding for the ARPA–E program. The White House stated in its fiscal year 2019 budget proposal: 
Appropriations for ARPA–E were only au-thorized through 2013 under the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010. In addition, there has been concern about the potential for ARPA–E’s efforts to overlap with research and development being carried out, or which should be carried out, by the private sector. No new appropriations are requested in 2019. The Department would request re-programming of prior-year unobligated bal-ances for program closeout activities to en-sure full closure of ARPA–E by mid-2020. Any remaining contract closeout and award mon-itoring activities would be transferred else-where within DOE. This proposed elimination reflects both a streamlining of Federal activities and a re-focusing on the proper Federal role in energy research and development. In a May 15 view letter to House Ap-propriations on the Energy and Water bill, the White House stated: ‘‘The Ad-ministration is disappointed that the bill does not eliminate ARPA–E. The Committee is encouraged to explore options to incorporate certain ARPA–E attributes, such as cross-cutting re-search coordination and enhanced flexibility, into the Department of En-ergy’s primary research efforts within the Office of Science and Applied En-ergy Research Programs rather than maintain a separate program through ARPA–E.’’ In a June 5 Statement of Administra-tion Policy, the White House stated: ‘‘The Administration believes that the continued funding of ARPA–E makes little strategic sense given the exist-ence of applied energy research else-where within the Department. The Congress is urged to eliminate ARPA– E and incorporate its more successful elements, such as coordination with in-dustry and cross-cutting research, into the Department’s applied energy pro-grams.’’ The innovations ARPA–E supporters crow about must come from the mar-ket or from academic research institu-tions, because the Federal Govern-ment’s track record of responding to commercial incentives in a cost-bene-ficial way to the taxpayer is absolutely poor. The proper Federal nexus for re-search is the early-stage work being done at the existing Office of Science and the applied energy research pro-gram, not projects foisted onto the government that weren’t compelling enough to receive private funding. Heritage Action, Freedomworks, Club for Growth, and the National Tax-payers Union are key-voting this amendment. The amendment is also endorsed by the Americans for Limited Government and Taxpayers for Com-mon Sense. I urge adoption of this amendment that supports President Trump’s agen-da. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
OSS). The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amend-ment. My colleague’s amendment would eliminate the Advanced Research Project Agency—Energy, otherwise known as ARPA–E. ARPA–E’s mission is to fund projects that are not yet addressed by the pri-vate sector but that can bring trans-formational shifts in current energy technologies. From reducing the en-ergy involved in producing aluminum to creating new battery storage tech-nologies, these are projects that have impacts in almost every industry. Since 2009, ARPA–E has provided funding for more than 660 projects. As of this year, ARPA–E projects have produced 245 patents, formed 71 new companies, and have raised more than $2.9 billion in follow-on funding from the private sector to bring technologies to market. These are successes, and successes help ensure our Nation’s energy secu-rity and create a manufacturing edge in the energy sector. These are energy technology goals all Members can sup-port. I would remind my friend from Ari-zona, our job is not to be lemmings for the administration. It is to make our own independent judgment. While I appreciate and look at the reason that they would like to elimi-nate ARPA–E, I disagree with them. So do a majority of the Members of Con-gress, as they have demonstrated in the past. So we must exercise our independent judgment on what is best. While we re-spect the administration’s position, we just disagree with it. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1830 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, any pro-gram that receives this much funding has individual successes proponents can point to. The problem with this program is that the ratio of successes to the failures is far lower with this one than comparable Federal research programs. It also targets an area of research that is inappropriate for Federal re-search. Basic early-stage research is a profit avenue for Federal dollars to go, not late-stage research on projects ap-proaching commercialization. If a con-cept or technology is nearing commer-cialization, that is the right nexus for private industry to get involved. Our country’s major companies in tech, engineering, and energy are flush with cash, and projects that they think are commercially viable are getting more funding than ever before. Failure by the government to salvage a project means that the projects, on the whole, aren’t worth being salvaged by govern-ment, industry, or anyone. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding and rise to strongly oppose the Gosar amendment to completely eliminate the ARPA-E advanced energy research program, which helps propel our Nation forward as a global leader. I could just say to the gentleman from Arizona, for some of the firms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.125 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4940 June 7, 2018 
that have contacted me, the Chinese are hacking into their intellectual property every week as they struggle to maintain a global lead in new en-ergy technologies. Yes, ARPA-E is a pioneering pro-gram. It was designed to be that way. Yes, it is high risk. Yes, it is high end, so much so that the private sector won’t do what ARPA-E is conducting. The research is so high in science that most companies in this country can’t even touch it. And, frankly, I don’t want the Chinese designing our future. They are actually doing research be-fore the private market can drive it forward with a commercial product. I would like to point out that, in 2011, an American Enterprise Institute- Brookings Institution breakthrough study called for ARPA-E to be funded at $1.5 billion, annually, because of other countries around the world be-ginning to do research in a way that was competing with our own. The American Energy Innovation Council, a panel of many of the Na-tion’s top business leaders, including Bill Gates, have called for ARPA-E to be funded at $1 billion a year. And last year, Republican officials—oil and en-ergy executives, business leaders, in-cluding the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce—told Congress, ARPA-E is a blueprint ‘‘ . . . that boost our com-petitiveness by keeping America at the forefront of global energy technology research.’’ These are some of the best people in our country. We ought to be listening to them. We are their representatives. As the program focused on new possi-bilities, new patents, ARPA-E has been nothing short of remarkable, with 136 projects attracting nearly $3 billion in private sector follow-on funding. They won’t do the research, but they will take what we have invested and really do something in the market-place with it; but beyond just the mar-ketplace, something that might have something to do with our defense, for example, something to do with our na-tional security—inventing the future. And yet we have come to expect this administration, they want to eliminate funding, and some of their allies here in the Congress want to eliminate funding. You eliminate the future if you do that. You really do eliminate the future. So I rise and strongly oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Gosar amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, once again, this is an unauthorized program and it treads on existing jurisdictions at the Department of Energy, specifi-cally, the Office of Science and Applied Energy Research program. It is a pro-gram in search of justification. Let’s take, for example, Solyndra. That is a wonderful success. Really? Private sector couldn’t do that? They could do it a ton better than that type of application. I ask my colleagues to vote for this amendment. This is sound. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. S
IMPSON and Ms. K APTUR for working to try to put forward a bill and to recognize the unfortunate addi-tion of riders, which we would hope that we could pass these kinds of bills in the appropriate manner. But I thank them for their work, and I thank the Rules Committee for making this amendment in order. This is an important part of the En-ergy and Water legislation in Appro-priations, and that is the Department of Energy’s departmental work that it does with environmental justice. My amendment would ask for an ad-ditional $1 million to be placed in that program under the administrative of-fice’s responsibilities, and to do so be-cause it is an essential tool in the ef-fort to improve the lives of low-income and minority communities as well as the environment at large. Many of my Members here have worked on this issue, in particular, J
IM C
LYBURN and the Congressional Black Caucus, over the years. I add to their work by making sure that this is a focus of the Department of Energy. Maintaining funds for environmental justice that go to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, minority- serving institutions, Tribal colleges, and other organizations is imperative to protecting sustainability and growth of the community and environ-ment. In particular, those individuals who study this issue in those par-ticular institutions of higher learning go out to communities and are a source of research and aid to communities that suffer from the lack of environ-mental justice, for example, in Flint, Michigan. It is clear that that is a place where there was an infusion of experts on how to deal with unclean water. I worked with Dr. Hotez, one of the renown infectious disease physicians in Houston, Texas, when the Zika virus began to take over in the summer in, particularly, minority communities. DOE’s Environmental Justice Pro-gram provides dollars to be awarded to an important cause of increasing youth involvement in STEM and promoting clean energy, weatherization, cleanup, and asset revitalization. Weatherization is extremely impor-tant. The housing stock in my congres-sional district, as in rural commu-nities, is extremely old and sometimes weak and subjected to the whims of bad winter weather and the whims of very hot summers. These dollars can assist in these kinds of programs. The Community Leadership Institute is another vital component of the Envi-ronmental Justice Program, and it pro-motes environmental sustainability. It brings important factors, including public health and economic develop-ment. It is an important program that helps Native Americans and Alaskan Natives. So I hope that my colleagues can support the Jackson Lee amendment because it deals with an expanse and an emphasis on the importance of a qual-ity of life that can deal with a good en-vironment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, since the amendment does not change funding levels in the bill, I will not oppose the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, with that in mind, what we are glad to say is that we emphasize and ask for that amount of dollars within the ad-ministrative account to be increased on the Environmental Justice Pro-gram. We are grateful for the statement of the chairman, and with that in mind, we want to remind our colleagues that STEM programs, the program that helps in leadership, in particular, that will help young people learn more about environmental justice, the issues that we see in communities with clean water, clean air, the Zika virus, and other elements that impact on minor-ity communities, the Environmental Justice Program can be very helpful and very useful. I would ask my col-leagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.127 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4941 June 7, 2018 
Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk; No. 25. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman S
IMP-
SON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep- herding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great nat-ural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment increases funding for DOE departmental administration by $1,000,000 which should be used to enhance the Depart-ment’s Environmental Justice program activi-ties. Mr. Chair, the Environmental Justice Pro-gram is an essential tool in the effort to im-prove the lives of low income and minority communities as well as the environment at large. Twenty-four years ago, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environ-mental effects of their actions on minority and low-income populations. A healthy environment sustains a productive and healthy community which fosters personal and economic growth. Maintaining funds for environmental justice that go to Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities, Minority Serving Institutions, Tribal Colleges, and other organizations is impera-tive to protecting sustainability and growth of the community and environment. The funding of these programs is vital to en-suring that minority groups are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environ-ment and the continued preservation of their homes. The crisis in Flint, Michigan teaches us how important it is that minority groups and low-in-come communities are not placed at a dis-advantage when it comes to environment threats and hazards like lead in drinking water or nesting areas for mosquitos carrying the Zika virus. Through education about the importance of environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. Funds that would be awarded to this impor-tant cause would increase youth involvement in STEM fields and also promote clean en-ergy, weatherization, clean-up, and asset revi-talization. These improvements would provide protection to our most vulnerable groups. This program provides better access to technology for underserved communities. Together, the Department of Energy and Department of Agriculture have distributed over 5,000 computers to low income popu-lations. The Community Leaders Institute is another vital component of the Environmental Justice Program. It ensures that those in leadership positions understand what is happening in their communities and can therefore make in-formed decisions in reards to their commu-nities. In addition to promoting environmental sus-tainability, CLI also brings important factors in-cluding public health and economic develop-ment into the discussion for community lead-ers. The CLI program has been expanded to better serve Native Americans and Alaska Na-tives, which is a prime example of how various other minority groups can be assisted as well. Through community education efforts, teachers and students have also benefitted by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. The Department of Energy places interns and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy pro-grams. The DOE also works to increase low income and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. Since 2002, the Tribal Energy Program has also funded 175 energy projects amounting to over $41.8 million in order to help tribes invest in renewable sources of energy. With the continuation of this kind of funding, we can provide clean energy options to our most underserved communities and help im-prove their environments, which will yield bet-ter health outcomes and greater public aware-ness. We must help our low income and minority communities and ensure equality for those who are most vulnerable in our country. I ask my colleagues to join me and support the Jackson Lee Amendment for the Environ-mental Justice Program. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. It is Lee amendment No. 26. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 33, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $65,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $65,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, first, let me thank our Rules Committee chair, Mr. S
ESSIONS , also our ranking member, Mr. M
CGOVERN , as well as all of the members of the committee for making this amendment in order. My amendment is very straight-forward. It would cut the $65 million included in this bill for low-yield nu-clear weapons and transfer it to the de-fense nuclear nonproliferation account. My amendment strikes one of the most harmful and controversial rec-ommendations of the Trump Nuclear Posture Review. Mr. Chairman, funding this warhead would set a dangerous precedent. The last thing we should do is arm our sub-marines with a low-yield ballistic mis-sile. We have never done this before in the many decades of nuclear deter-rence, and there is absolutely no rea-son to start now. What is worse, this warhead lowers the threshold for nuclear weapons use and puts us on a dangerous path to war. At a time when we should be re-ducing the threat of nuclear war, we are doing just the opposite. While the Trump administration claims that another low-yield warhead would help deter Russia from using these weapons first, that is far from the truth. In fact, funding this nuclear weapon could only provoke Russia and heighten the risk of nuclear war. Let me be clear: This additional funding is both unnecessary, and it is dangerous. Our Nation already proc-esses hundreds of low-yield warheads. In the coming decades, we will invest another $150 billion despite the fact that we already have the capacity real-ly to destroy the world many times over. This is a waste of money and a dan-ger to our national security. Instead of provoking another nuclear arms race with Russia, we should be investing in diplomacy and disarmament. The $65 million would be better spent at the DOE’s nuclear nonproliferation pro-gram which secures nuclear material both here at home and globally. It is hard to think of a more vital na-tional security issue than protecting and securing nuclear material, and yet Republicans have cut funding for that important program by $97 million from fiscal year 2018. This is dangerous and, again, does nothing for our national se-curity. Rather than fund another low-yield nuclear weapon that we don’t need, we should use the $65 million to increase nuclear nonproliferation accounts and prevent the spread of nuclear weapons. That is exactly why my amendment is so important, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amend-ment. Assuring funding for the mod-ernization of our nuclear weapons stockpile is a critical national security priority of this bill. The bill provides necessary funding to extend the life of our Nation’s nuclear weapons stockpile and to address the continued deteriora-tion of infrastructure at the NNSA sites. The amendment targets a new pro-posal to modify a limited number of W76 warheads that are currently under-going refurbishment in order to provide for a low-level variant of the warhead. They will either be refurbished with a high-yield warhead or a low-yield war-head. This modification does not provide the U.S. with any new nuclear capabili-ties. The U.S. has the capability and will continue to maintain that capa-bility to deliver warheads at this yield 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.052 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4942 June 7, 2018 
with the Air Force’s B61 bomb and the air-launched cruise missile. These lower level warheads are nec-essary to provide a credible deterrent against the use of warheads of similar yields that exist in large numbers by other nuclear weapons states. Specifically, possessing a warhead at this yield shows any aggressor that the U.S. has the capability to provide a proportional response to the use of a nonstrategic or tactical nuclear weap-on against the U.S. or its allies. That is why the U.S. nuclear strategy under both the Obama administration and this administration advocated main-taining and modernizing both the B61 bomb and the nuclear-tipped cruise missile. Given that the U.S. has possessed this same capability for many years, I disagree with the idea that this modi-fication will serve to destabilize rela-tions with other nuclear weapons states. Rather, the intent of this war-head modification is to improve sta-bility to demonstrate that the U.S. has the ability to deliver this capability on platforms that are not vulnerable to air defenses. b1845 It is intended to improve the credi-bility of our nuclear deterrent and show that the U.S. has the resolve to respond to nuclear threats. Credibility is the most basic requirement for nu-clear deterrence to work. The amendment would also reduce the size of the current W76 stockpile because the funding supports not only the low-yield modification but also the refurbishment work that is needed to extend the life of these warheads. Mr. Chairman, I support the modi-fication. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s courtesy and her focusing on this. I agree wholeheartedly; we don’t need to go down this path again. The Repub-lican Congress in 2005 looked at a simi-lar proposal and eliminated it from a spending bill. The notion that we have low-yield weapons that are going to enable us to advance forward from the submarine launch is troubling. This actually will make the submarine exposed for being able to know where it is and attack it. And the ‘‘low-yield’’ terminology is a little disquieting. Think of the bomb that destroyed Hiroshima. These are amazingly destructive. Being able to have gradations of response and buy into that notion I think is deeply trou-bling and is, in fact, destabilizing. The $1.6 trillion episode that we are embarked upon in terms of moderniza-tion and enhancement could be well spent in other ways, especially not in this direction. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ), who is the chair-man of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, we voted on a similar amendment on this topic a week before last in the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. It was defeated then, and it should be de-feated now. Mr. Chairman, I think there must be some misunderstanding. We are not talking about a new weapons system. What we are talking about is taking an existing weapon and taking some of the fissile material out so that it results in a lower yield. As the chairman from Idaho pointed out, we have similar low-yield weapons that are air-delivered. The only dif-ference here is a different delivery sys-tem through the submarines. Now, by the way, submarines already have the higher yield delivery system. We are multiplying, though, with a low yield two different delivery systems to complicate adversaries’ calculations. Now, why would we want to do that? Well, it turns out the Russians have hundreds and hundreds of these lower yield weapons. And not only that, they write and speak openly about using them, even in conventional sorts of conflict. So the point of the Nuclear Posture Review is we need the full range of nu-clear capability, from higher yield to lower yield, to make it clear that our nuclear deterrent is credible at every level. Whatever they may think they can get away with they cannot get away with. As Secretary Mattis has written to Leader M
CCONNELL on June 3, 2018, this ‘‘warhead is meant to reinforce the credibility of our response, which strengthens deterrence by denying po-tential adversaries the advantages they appear to believe they could realize from nuclear first use.’’ It seems to me that that should be the thing that all of us come together on in national security. It is having a credible nuclear deterrent to ensure that no adversary—Russia, North Korea, no one—believes that they can get away with using these weapons. That is the reason this is so important. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California has 1
1⁄2minutes re-maining. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. C
ICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, which would strike $65 million for the development of the W76–2, or low-yield, nuclear warhead and move that funding to the nuclear nonproliferation account. The development of these warheads is based on the fallacy that nuclear war can be small and contained using smaller, lower yield weaponry. The idea that a nuclear war can be con-tained or minimized is dubious at best and terrifyingly dangerous at worst. Former Secretary of State George Schultz has affirmed this, saying that ‘‘nuclear weapons are nuclear weap-ons’’ and that the only logical path of a nuclear strike is escalation to higher yield weapons. This sentiment was recently reiter-ated in a letter signed by Secretary Schultz and nearly three dozen other current and former national security experts and officials, including former Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Richard Lugar and former Secretary of Defense William Perry, opposing the development of these types of warheads. Further development of these types of weapons creates a greater possibility for a nuclear confrontation that will be impossible to contain. Instead of mak-ing us safer, it will only increase the chances that countless lives could be wiped out in an instant. This is an excellent amendment. It will make America safer. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the excellent amendment by the gentlewoman from California. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, as the des-ignee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
AP-
TUR). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congresswoman L
EE, my colleague on the Appropriations Committee, for of-fering this very important amendment, and I rise in support of it. Please let me remind my colleagues who may not agree with our position that if this particular proposal for de-veloping a low-yield nuclear weapon were so important, why was it not in-cluded in the administration’s initial budget submission to us? The process by which this has been handled for a nuclear weapon—if this were a conventional, then maybe there is a little room there for maneuver. But in terms of a nuclear weapon, it has many consequences beyond the weapon itself, including the under-standing of our allies and including many of the treaties that are currently in place. I was actually shocked when the Sec-retary of Energy and many people from the Department of Energy came before our committee and they could not an-swer any questions on this. The nuclear security agency, when they came up before our committee, at that point this had not been proposed. It came in late; it was thrown over the transom. And I think the manner in which this has been handled is actually terrible. We have the most capable and sophis-ticated nuclear arsenal in the world. It is credible enough to deter and respond to any threat right now. We have what we need. But if we are to alter the combina-tion of weapons that we have in our ar-senal, then, for heaven’s sake, why not come up under regular order? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.132 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4943 June 7, 2018 
We owe it to the American people and to our allies to have a full discus-sion and debate and assess how others will react to what we are doing and what we need to respond to. This may not be the most perfect response. And we don’t want to wander down a path to a variety of nuclear weapons with-out the kind of debate on deterrence, on security, on cost, on schedule, and on relation to existing systems that we have in place in our own country or others. So I really think the manner in which this was handled was absolutely awful. For something that deals with nuclear weapons, this Congress de-serves more respect, the American peo-ple deserve more respect, and the world community deserves more respect. We are not saying we will never support this, but this is not the time to support this. I think the Congresswoman has pro-posed the proper amendment, and that is to strike the low-yield missile at this point. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. I also want to compliment my col-leagues on the other side of this argu-ment: the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee; I see our friend from Colorado and others here. All of us have the same goal, and that is to assure that the United States, and indeed the world, is safe from a nuclear war. We use deterrence as the way of accomplishing that. Every President since Ronald Reagan has strived to achieve a safer world by reducing the number of nuclear weap-ons. However, in recent years, begin-ning with President Obama and being carried on today, we are now involved in a new nuclear arms race. Not only are we going to build new nuclear weapons—bombs, if you will— such as this 762, presumed to be low- yield, which is still extraordinarily devastating, we are also creating new delivery systems, new land-based mis-siles in the Upper Midwest, new sub-marines and new rockets and new stealth bombers—all of that costing more than $1 trillion. At the same time, we are developing new sensing devices and new ways in which we might protect those sensing devices and communications. All of this is creating an extremely dangerous world for our future, not a safer world. We are going in the abso-lutely wrong direction of increasing the likelihood of a mistake. I don’t think anybody on any side would ever want to initiate, but this particular bomb presents the oppor-tunity for an escalation, a tit for tat. Russia escalates to deescalate, we esca-late to deescalate, and they escalate, and we escalate, and pretty soon it is all gone. I would just ask all of us to step back and ponder for a moment why it was that Reagan and George H.W. Bush and Clinton and George W. Bush and Obama all went the other direction, to reduce the number of nuclear weapons. But here we are in the midst of a new nuclear arms race—$1.7 trillion. And all of us know that there are numerous needs that we have. So I would ask us just to pause for a second and to accept this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, is all the time expired on that side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 15 seconds of her original 5 minutes remaining. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me just say a couple of things. Our country should not expand the number of scenarios under which the United States might consider the use of nuclear weapons. We should never be in a position that the U.S. is using nu-clear weapons first, which would lead us to a catastrophic war. I think Members on both sides of the aisle can agree to this, and I urge my colleagues to support this critical amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, is all of the time expired on my side from the original 5 minutes? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, let me just say in this 30 seconds, first of all, addressing the gentlewoman from Ohio’s concern, the administration waited until the Nuclear Posture Re-view was done before they could submit their request for this funding. The budget request had been being worked on from clear last September before that, and they came up within days of each other, but the administra-tion was waiting for the NPR to be fin-ished before they submitted. We might not have liked the way that turned out, but that is just the re-ality. I don’t think it was anybody’s in-tent to try to misguide Congress or anything like that, while I understand her concern. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Idaho has expired. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN ), I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, before I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ), let me say the impres-sion here is that we are increasing the number of nuclear weapons. We are not. We are doing refurbishment of the current weapons. And 50 of them would not be high- level; they would be low-level, low- yield nuclear weapons. It doesn’t in-crease the numbers. All of this is compliant with all of our nuclear treaties—compliant with all of our nuclear treaties. When I first heard about this, I actu-ally had the same concerns I am hear-ing from the other side of the aisle: How does this increase our safety? Doesn’t it make it more likely it would be used if it was a low-yield rather than high-yield? Then I went to some briefings and talked to some people, people who wrote the NPR and a few things like that, and what I found out was that Russia already has hundreds and hun-dreds—as the chairman of the com-mittee said, has hundreds and hundreds of low-yield nuclear warheads. Why are they doing that? Would why they possibly do that? Because they think it will give them a strategic ad-vantage in a traditional war. If our only response to their use of a low-yield nuclear weapon is Armaged-don, then their bet is that we are not going to go to that level. For deter-rence to work, it has to be credible. They have to understand that if they even use a low-yield nuclear weapon we will respond and that we have the capa-bility to do it in proportion without de-stroying the world. But you also have to understand we are not talking about first use by us. This is meant to decrease the likeli-hood of a nuclear exchange. b1900 I have come to the conclusion that if we don’t do this, we are going to in-crease the likelihood of a nuclear ex-change. Otherwise, why are they cre-ating hundreds and hundreds—and China and North Korea are looking at it also—why are they creating nuclear low-yield weapons? Why is that in their interest? Stop and think about it a minute. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Idaho, and I appreciate his remarks. I also thank the chairman of the Armed Services Committee from Texas. Let me point out that in the 2018 Nu-clear Posture Review, Secretary James Mattis conducted a very clear-eyed as-sessment of nuclear threats. He said: ‘‘We must look reality in the eye and see the world as it is, not as we wish it to be.’’ As has been pointed out, Russia has hundreds and hundreds—actually, thousands—of low-yield nuclear weap-ons, including nuclear artillery shells, nuclear land mines, nuclear torpedoes, and others that they have announced. Russia regularly trains with its ‘‘esca-late-to-deescalate’’ doctrine, which they believe will force the U.S. to sur-render early in a conflict. Under James Mattis, the Nuclear Posture Review rightly says: ‘‘Cor-recting this mistaken Russian percep-tion is a strategic imperative.’’ Also, dozens of current and former defense officials and military officers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.134 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4944 June 7, 2018 
have confirmed that this lower-yield weapon is necessary to enhance deter-rence. Here is President Obama’s last Sec-retary of Defense, Ashton Carter: ‘‘My views are reflected in the latest NPR,’’ Nuclear Posture Review, where he agrees with this doctrine. So that is the last two Secretaries of Defense from two different political parties and from two different adminis-trations—very different administra-tions, I might add—and they are in full agreement that we need to do this for U.S. capability to stop Russian poten-tial aggression. The amendment should be rejected. The agenda behind the amendment is totally outside the bipartisan main-stream of serious national security leaders like Secretary James Mattis and Secretary Ashton Carter. As has been said, I would remind my colleagues that this House has already debated this issue in the fiscal year 2019 NDAA we passed 2 weeks ago by a vote of 351–66—about a six-to-one ratio—and we rejected similar amend-ments at that time. So I would urge my colleagues to vote no on this amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 33, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $97,219,000)’’. Page 34, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $97,219,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase the Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation program by $97 million. To offset this increase, my amendment funds the nuclear weapons activities program at $460 million above its FY 2018 appropriation. That is right, Mr. Chairman. This amendment returns the non-proliferation account to its FY 2018 en-acted level of funding, and still pro-vides the nuclear weapons activities program nearly a half a billion-dollar increase. I would say this amendment is a sim-ple trade off: support for nuclear pro-liferation at the expense of nuclear clear weapons. But the numbers reveal this amendment offers us not so much as a tradeoff as it does a win-win solu-tion by making nonproliferation whole again while sacrificing relatively little in terms of nuclear weapons spending. That is because this underlying bill in-cludes more than $180 million above what the President is requesting for nuclear weapons activities in FY 2019 and $557 million above the FY 2018 ap-propriation. That makes this a win-win amendment, Mr. Chairman. Both of these accounts fund non-proliferation and stockpile reduction programs that I think we can all sup-port. But I fear we are underfunding nonproliferation in a manner incon-sistent with our stated security prior-ities. In the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review, the administration stated: ‘‘Nuclear terrorism remains among the most sig-nificant threats to the security of the United States, our allies, and part-ners.’’ The National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration’s Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation program works globally to prevent state and non-state actors from developing nuclear weapons or ac-quiring weapons-usable nuclear or radi-ological materials, equipment, tech-nology, and expertise. This includes programs for nuclear material re-moval, international nuclear security, nuclear smuggling detection deter-rence, international nuclear safe-guards, and nuclear detonation detec-tion. It also includes the Nuclear Coun-terterrorism and Incident Response program. However, the administra-tion’s rhetorical concern for nuclear terrorism is, sadly, not matched by its budget request or the funding level pro-vided in this bill. Additionally, I am concerned that the current funding level does not help us lay the groundwork for the immense nonproliferation challenge now posed by a possible denuclearization agree-ment all of us hope will occur on the Korean Peninsula. The administration’s Nuclear Pos-ture Review declared, ‘‘North Korea’s illicit nuclear program must be com-pletely, verifiably, and irreversibly eliminated.’’ I share that goal. If you want to ensure that inspectors for the International Atomic Energy Agency have the training and expertise they need to implement a complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization program for North Korea, then you must support the De-fense Nuclear Nonproliferation pro-gram and you do not want to see it cut by $97 million. Additionally, there are nuclear weap-ons programs funded in this bill that are unnecessary, such as funding for the development of low-yield nuclear weapons and an uncertain plan for the expansion of plutonium pit production. Eliminating both of these programs would help return the nonproliferation program to its 2018 level. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to my friend from Vir-ginia’s amendment. This bill shows strong support for the nonproliferation programs of the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration, something that I support. Funding for Defense Nuclear Non-proliferation is $1.9 billion, it is $39 million above the budget request. That includes increases above the request for research and development activities for which we received Member re-quests. I have also supported increases in the past for these activities. The $2 billion amount that this amendment seeks to achieve is the result of an increase of $206 million above the fiscal year 2018 request. The NNSA’s nonproliferation account has significant unexpended balances that are the result of slow progress on international nonproliferation agree-ments and the infusion of additional funding added by Congress in prior years. It is not enough to just say we sup-port nonproliferation and we support it by increasing the budget. That is how much we support it. It has to go to-wards something. You have to have agreements with international part-ners for nonproliferation activities. In May, the NNSA reported that it had $2.6 billion in available funds to carry out its nonproliferation mission, of which more than $733 million is left over from prior years. You have $733 million left over from prior years, and you want to add to that. Given the increasing amounts of un-used balances, it is not clear that the NNSA will be able to expend additional funding in a timely manner. Not only would the amendment con-tinue to add to programs beyond which the agency has said it can accomplish, it would do so at the expense of funding necessary to sustain our nuclear weap-ons stockpile, refurbish aging infra-structure, secure facilities where U.S. nuclear weapons are stored, and sup-port a science-based stockpile certifi-cation strategy without nuclear test-ing. That is why I oppose this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is left on my side. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 1 minute remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.136 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4945 June 7, 2018 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman C
ONNOLLY for yielding me his last minute and rise in support of this very important amendment to move $97 million to the Defense Nu-clear Nonproliferation account. Without question, we are going to undergo modernization of our entire nuclear stockpile in this country. We are going to spend well over a trillion dollars. In addition to that, we have had dis-cussions this afternoon and debate about this new low-yield nuclear weap-on, which many people have misgivings about in view of the way it has been handled in committee here. There is no more important time in terms of the world, when we look at many unstable regimes that hold nu-clear weapons within their stock, for us to have the most capable people with the most technical expertise to advise, not just people here in the United States, but our friends and al-lies abroad and international organiza-tions concerned about nuclear pro-liferation. So the gentleman’s amendment in-creases our ability, doesn’t harm our ability, to monitor and verify arms control agreements and prevent other countries from acquiring nuclear weap-ons. I support the amendment. I think it makes sense with what we are doing with our own arsenal and what is hap-pening globally. It makes ultimate sense that we should never cut these accounts. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, the only thing I would ask the gentle-woman from Ohio and the gentleman from Virginia is: What are they going to do with the additional $97 million? What are you going to do with it? You have got $733 million sitting there right now that they can’t spend. We have to have agreements with for-eign countries to do nonproliferation work. Where are they going to spend it? I have been complaining—not com-plaining, but arguing, I guess—with Members for the last several years that want to put money in to show their support for nonproliferation: Why don’t you just put more money into it? I ask them: What do you want to do with it? They can’t tell you. By saying we increase the non-proliferation account, it shows we sup-port nonproliferation. But you have got to have something you are going to do with it. Mr. CONNOLLY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gen-tleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I do have a list of projects totalling be-tween $100 million and $190 million that could be funded with this $97 mil-lion. I would also just add, and then I will yield back, given the fact that the President ripped up the Iran nuclear agreement that was working, we are going to have to spend a lot more money in Iran. And given the fact that we are having a summit with North Korea, hopefully, we are going to have to spend a lot more money in North Korea. Mr. SIMPSON. Reclaiming my time, I guess you have got an agreement there with Iran to do nonproliferation work? The reason we have some excess money is because the agreements with Russia, when things got a little cold between our two countries, some of those agreements kind of went by the wayside. I would like to know what the projects are. If there is something that somebody has come up with, if there are agreements to do those types of things. You can’t say: I want to spend another $97 million on top of the $733 million. If that is accurate at $190 million, we’ve got $733 million to do it right now. So why throw another $97 million on top of it? It just doesn’t make sense to me. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY O ’HALLERAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. b1915 Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I rise to bring attention to a matter of crit-ical importance to the health and safe-ty of my constituents and citizens across the country. We need to act swiftly to clean up abandoned uranium mines in the Southwestern United States. On the Navajo Nation alone, there are over 500 abandoned mine sites that remain unaddressed and pose a danger to area residents. Many of these mines provided ura-nium to the U.S. Atomic Energy Com-mission for defense activities between 1947 and 1970, putting them in the pur-view of the Defense-Related Uranium Mines Program. While this program is working to inventory and assess sites, we must begin planning to clean these sites up. This past week, I was in Cameron, Arizona, a community on the Navajo Nation which has been impacted by uranium mining. The town sits right above the Little Colorado River, and the mine sites are not far from the river, whose water eventually flows into the Grand Canyon. In Cameron, I heard stories about how these sites have gone decades without the necessary cleanup. At this same meeting, I heard from commu-nity members and Tribal leaders that sites like this are a growing concern across the Navajo Nation. These com-munities need us now, Mr. Chair. Across northern Arizona, uranium mining has a toxic legacy, and many of my constituents continue to fight the cancers and diseases that were caused by radiation exposure decades ago. This exposure was so severe that Con-gress went so far as to pass the Radi-ation Exposure Compensation Act. Today we understand these health risks, and we know that unaddressed sites pose a danger to public health and will continue to pose risks until they are remediated or reclaimed. In some communities, abandoned mines are near water, near schools, or are places where livestock graze. The potential contamination of these areas that are so critical to our communities and our food and water resources is a serious issue that we have put off for too long. We must step up now and clean these sites. My amendment simply designates funding to expedite cleanup of sites through the Defense-Related Uranium Mines Program. This amendment will ensure that we are doing our part to improve public health for long-ne-glected communities in Arizona and the Southwest. It is past time to turn the page on the Federal Government’s disgraceful failure to address this issue for the families affected spanning decades. I urge my colleagues to support my com-monsense amendment on behalf of these families and their communities. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I appre-ciate my colleague’s support for the DOE’s efforts to take action on the de-fense-related uranium mines that are a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.139 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4946 June 7, 2018 
legacy of the Cold War. The amend-ment does not change funding levels within the bill, and I do not oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 29 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 40, after line 24, insert the following: 
WAPA ADMINISTRATOR SALARY  S
EC. ll. The salary of Mark Gabriel, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration, shall be reduced to $1. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment that utilizes the Holman rule to hold WAPA Adminis-trator Mark Gabriel accountable. On Gabriel’s watch, millions of tax-payer and customer dollars were flushed down the drain on fraudulent and improper transactions while a cul-ture of fear from the highest echelons of the agency enforced silence as to the true nature and scope of these mis-deeds. Wasteful and fraudulent expenditures by WAPA in recent years include things like ammunition; specialized weapons, including numerous pur-chases of $1,200 rifle scopes; an unau-thorized ATV at a cost of $14,000; a John Deere lawn tractor; personal clothing; prohibited purchases of $349,000 to accessorize personal cars; $271,000 at book stores; $102,000 to deck out motorcycles from shops and deal-ers; and questionable expenditures from one employee to the tune of $50,000 per month. Now, in response, the Western Area Power Administration slow-walked in-vestigations, covered up the fraud, and intimidated anyone bold enough to call it out. A 14-year Federal employee who once worked for the U.S. Attorney’s Office told reporters: ‘‘Instead of aggressively going after corruption, WAPA’s bosses slow-walked the investigation, retali-ated against those who uncovered fraud, and failed to protect them from threats.’’ Unfortunately, this employee is not alone. A former WAPA vice president for procurement went on record to state that, during his 30 years of Fed-eral service, he had never seen any-thing like this and certainly had never felt unsafe at work until he worked at WAPA on a daily basis. Disturbingly, 20 complaints of vio-lence in the workplace occurred over the last 3-year period. The mismanage-ment, corruption, and culture is so bad at WAPA that an independent consult-ant did a violence assessment in late 2015 and found: ‘‘Multiple employees re-ported having been threatened directly or heard others being threatened re-garding the current investigations. . . . Several indicated they had not both-ered to report the incidents for reasons of fear and/or the belief upper manage-ment would not act. Because of past failures to address these issues more seriously, it is very likely the incidents will increase in number and severity.’’ Assessors also reported: ‘‘Employees mentioned bosses who actively seek to intimidate employees, especially women, and who tolerate and perhaps promote a culture of unacceptable be-havior in their teams.’’ Equally troubling, Administrator Ga-briel is routinely and publicly insubor-dinate as an agency head. At an April 12, 2018, budget hearing, Mr. Gabriel took a public position contrary to that of the current administration, advo-cating for tip funding even though the budget proposal proposed to eliminate such funding. This commonsense amendment seeks to hold this rogue bureaucrat account-able to the American people and the victims who have suffered under his tenure. I am pleased to have the support of FreedomWorks, who is key voting this amendment; Club for Growth, who is key voting the amendment; the Tea Party Patriots; Americans for Limited Government; Texas’ Michael Q. Sul-livan; the Grand Canyon State Electric Cooperative Association; the Mohave Electric Cooperative; the Sulphur Springs Valley Electric Cooperative; Arizona Pork Producers; New Mexico Cattle Growers Association; New Mex-ico Wool Growers; Sulphur Up North Jobs, Incorporated. Numerous customers and Federal em-ployees no longer want Mr. Gabriel in charge, having understandably lost faith in his leadership. It is far past time that the Department of Energy clean house and show this Obama ad-ministration holdover the door. Mr. Chair, I commend the chairman and the committee for their efforts on this legislation. I urge support of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I recognize my colleague’s concerns about certain actions and practices of the Western Area Power Administra-tion. I applaud his dedication to im-proving the functionality of the agency for the benefit of his constituents. In fact, he has worked with this com-mittee to make improvements related to appropriations, and I would encour-age him to continue to engage with us on appropriate oversight measures. This amendment, though, will not improve the effectiveness and trans-parency of this agency. Rather, it is simply a punitive one toward one indi-vidual, and I cannot support such an ef-fort. That is why I opposed the Holman rule that was adopted by the rules package, I guess—what?—last year or something like that, the year before last. The problem is you have got an indi-vidual here, and there have been claims about his behavior or his inability to do his job, and we are going to debate whether he is going to have a salary or not or whether you are going to essen-tially fire him, reduce his salary to $1, in a 10-minute debate on the floor. Is that really fair? Is that right? I don’t think you should do that. If the activities that have been sug-gested by the gentleman from Arizona have occurred, why isn’t the Govern-ment Oversight Committee looking at this? Why aren’t they calling him in, having a hearing on it? Why isn’t the Energy and Commerce Committee doing the same? That is the appropriate way to do that when you have got someone who has misbehaved as an Administrator, not to come on the floor with a 10- minute debate, make charges which may or may not be true—I just don’t know—but then ask us to essentially fire somebody. I just don’t think that is right. For these reasons, I must urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 1 minute remaining. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the cur-rent application of the Holman rule au-thorizes three specific uses in an appro-priation bill: the reduction of amounts of money in the bill, the reduction of the number and salary of officers of the United States, or the reduction of the compensation of any person paid out in the treasury of the United States. Let’s go back through this. Look at this fraud. Look at these 20 complaints of violence. I have to tell you: Are you sure you want to defend this guy? Inconceivable. Inconceivable that we are going to allow this. We owe it to the Federal employees under this gentleman to have an employment environment to be well taken care of. Mr. Chair, I ask for the Members to vote on behalf of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, nobody is defending this individual. What he has presented is 20 accusations. I think he ought to be able to have his day in a proper hearing before the proper com-mittee to decide whether it is the right 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.142 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4947 June 7, 2018 
thing to do, not sit here and say, ‘‘I agree with these accusations.’’ I don’t know if they are true or not. Nobody on this floor knows whether they are true or not. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for yielding, and I rise in opposition to this amendment, not completely under-standing what it is the gentleman is objecting to. I know that you have an individual about whom you are upset. The gen-tleman is from the State of Arizona. Am I correct? Mr. GOSAR. Yes. Ms. KAPTUR. The State of the gen-tleman is under this Western Area Power Authority. We don’t have that sort of power umbrella in our region of the country. I have read all about the fights in the West among all these Western States, a dozen and a half Western States: Arizona fights with California; California fights with Wash-ington; Washington fights—it is unbe-lievable. So I am a little reluctant as a non-Westerner to believe anybody until we get a proper tribunal to assess whether what you are saying is correct or not. For all I know, this man put some power in another State that hurt Arizona. I don’t know. I look at the controversies out there, and I just think that this amendment targets one person and reduces their salary to one dollar without any trial, without any tribunal. It sort of re-minds me of the way in which the gen-tleman’s side of the aisle handled the firing of the chaplain and then, because we finally tried to get some justice here, he was brought on. Mr. Chair, you don’t do this to peo-ple. We have a judicial process in this country, and you have to go through the proper channels. I think we have to focus on fair ways in which to adju-dicate if, in fact, there is something going on out there. I really question whether what is really going on here is a fight between Arizona and adjoining States. Mr. GOSAR. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gen-tleman. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S
HIMKUS ). The time of the gentleman has expired. The gentleman from Idaho may yield to you, if he so desires. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, has my time expired? The Acting CHAIR. No. The gen-tleman from Idaho controls the time. The gentlewoman from Ohio cannot yield. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, this isn’t a jurisdictional aspect of power across the West. This is fraud. This is work-place violence—20. This has nothing to do with jurisdictional application of water or power. This is an unsafe appli-cation within the workplace. This is a bully in an agency who is weighing in and doing unwanted things. We have an obligation, an absolute obligation, to rein somebody in like this. That is what is wrong here. If we can’t do this to a swamp creature of this magnitude, then what can we do. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. b1930 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 55, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, my amendment seeks to ensure adequate resources for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the NRC, to provide for safe and effective decommissioning of nuclear power plants. In 2016, Entergy Corporation, the owner and operator of the Pilgrim Nu-clear Power Plant in Plymouth, Massa-chusetts, announced that the plant would be decommissioned by 2019 after facing severe losses in revenue and plagued by safety concerns. Since coming to Congress, I have been concerned by the safety of Pil-grim’s day-to-day operations as well as the security of its spent fuel storage. Following Entergy’s announcement, I have worked with State and local rep-resentatives to prioritize the safety of the decommissioning process, security of the plant’s spent fuel, and the dis-placement of over 600 workers who are employed at the site. The NRC has previously issued re-ports revealing that Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station comes up short on crit-ical systems maintenance, and it is currently the worst performing reactor in the entire country. While this infraction ultimately falls on the responsibility of Entergy, it is equally important that the NRC has the necessary resources to address con-cerns as they arise, including through cooperation with local communities. As we have often cited, decommis-sioning of nuclear power plants has an enormous economic and financial im-pact on host communities. We have urged that decommissioning funds be used for the safe removal of spent fuel to dry cask storage, to restoration, to remediation of the site and maintain-ing emergency preparedness and secu-rity resources throughout the entire process. Finally, it is my hope that the NRC prioritizes worker protections as it oversees decommissioning both in my district and around the entire country. As the number of decommissioned plants increases, the potential exodus of highly skilled experienced workers presents a serious threat to our safety. The people in my community rely on the workers in Plymouth to keep them safe, and we hope the NRC will facili-tate workforce continuity throughout the entire decommissioning process. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their consideration of this amendment and urge their support. Again, I would like to thank the chairman from Idaho. We started the day working on issues from the Pilgrims to the Mayflower, too, to things the Pilgrims never envi-sioned, like decommissioned nuclear power plants. So rest assured that when we celebrate the 2020 400th anni-versary in the town of Plymouth, America’s hometown, that he will be very welcomed, and I will give him a personal tour of the awe-inspiring view of Plymouth Rock. Thank you again for your help, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S
MUCKER ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Massachu-setts (Mr. K
EATING ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . 
LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of Mr. B
EYER to offer an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 62, beginning on line 16, strike sec-tion 505. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment preserves the National Ocean Policy. The National Ocean Pol-icy is a commonsense way to facilitate multistakeholder collaboration on complex ocean issues, and it promotes economic opportunity, national secu-rity, and environmental protection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.145 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4948 June 7, 2018 
I think we can all agree that we want thriving ocean and coastal ecosystems that promote the economic vitality of our communities. The National Ocean Policy is doing exactly that with the Northeastern region having completed its plan and the West Coast and other regions well on their way. Prohibiting the allocation of funds to this important program will stifle col-laboration among stakeholders on com-plex issues relating to environmental protection, national security, eco-nomic opportunity, and ocean policy. I represent a coastal district in southern California, and I know first-hand that we can have a thriving ocean economy and at the same time protect and conserve our precious ocean re-sources. Off the coast of my district, there are marine-protected areas, State waters, Federal waters, and Department of De-fense installations. We are a marine life hotspot. Some of the best blue whale watching happens just a few miles from our shore. We have a boom-ing recreational fishing section. We have a large shellfish aquaculture ranch that is now operating. We have beautiful beaches. We also have oil and gas activity with some rigs right near our shore. My district is also home to the Port of Long Beach, which is the second busiest port in North America. With so much activity happening, it simply makes sense to have the Navy at the table when NOAA is working on siting of new aquaculture installations. It makes sense to have the Fishery Management Council weigh in when oil rigs are being decommissioned, and it is a no-brainer that NOAA, the Coast Guard, and the ports all work together to get these massive ships in and out of our port safely. So as we move forward, the need for an overarching policy only grows. Issues like sea level rise and ocean acidification are too big and too seri-ous for any one community or agency to tackle alone. Increased aquaculture development and new technologies for clean, local energy are creating eco-nomic opportunities, but they must be thoughtfully implemented. The National Ocean Policy is the tool we have right now to promote smart shared use of our ocean resources. All of our districts benefit from our oceans, whether we represent coastal districts or not. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, on July 19, 2010, President Obama signed Execu-tive Order 13547 and sought to imple-ment a new National Ocean Policy. Ac-cording to the House Committee on Natural Resources: ‘‘In this unilateral action, he established a top-down Washington, D.C.-based approval proc-ess that will hinder rather than pro-mote ocean and inland activities and cost American jobs. . . . This has the potential to inflict damage across a spectrum of sectors, including agri-culture, fishing, construction, manu-facturing, mining, oil and natural gas, renewable energy, and marine com-merce, among others. . . . Over 80 na-tional and local organizations rep-resenting agriculture, forestry, energy, fishing, boating, mining, transpor-tation, and construction wrote to then Appropriations Committee Chairman H
ALROGERS requesting a prohibition on funding for the implementation of the President’s National Ocean Pol-icy.’’ Our oceans are home to a variety of industries, and it is critical that we maintain our offshore environments and promote a robust offshore econ-omy. The National Ocean Policy rep-resents the previous administration’s heavyhanded, top-down approach to Federal land and water management and does not reflect the realities of our working oceans and coastal commu-nities. Our offshore assets contribute bil-lions to the U.S. economy, and the Na-tional Ocean Policy’s vague directive sharply discouraged the development of American energy, sustainable fish-eries, and our coastal economies. Poli-cies like this cause industries to turn outside of the U.S. to do their business. Adding duplicative layers of permit-ting and consultation to our already highly regulated ocean industries and subject all parties to virtually unlim-ited legal exposure, we are seeing this firsthand in the Northeast, where di-rect conflict in the ocean user groups has resulted in litigation. This is the exact thing that this policy is supposed to alleviate. Years into implementa-tion, this policy is incapable of achiev-ing its stated goal. U.S. oceans industries are major global players, and we need to keep our industries competitive. The National Ocean Policy does the opposite. As such, I strongly oppose this amend-ment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Here is the bottom line. Ocean plan-ning works, and I can assure you that this is not a top-down approach. Ocean plans are regionally led initiatives where stakeholders and researchers collect data and then come to the table to voice their concerns and work out their differences. With ocean planning, we can use our waters wisely and sustainably. In the Northeast and mid-Atlantic, we have already finished our plans. Now, for some reason, many of my colleagues across the aisle don’t be-lieve in this open discussion among stakeholders, but we have seen what happens when oceans are brought to the brink. Species have been pushed to the edge of extinction undermining the livelihoods of our fishermen and de-stroying the vibrant ocean ecosystem. It baffles me that we continue debat-ing this. Ocean planning is the way to ensure local and regional voices are heard and that we sustainably pass our waters on to the next generation. So I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, which I thank Mr. BEYER for leading. I also want to recognize and com-mend my colleague in the other Cham-ber, Senator S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE , for his extraordinary work in combating climate change and fighting for a sus-tainable ocean policy. This is the right thing to do, again, regionally led, definitely not a top- down approach. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. Chairman, although I am sup-portive of the stated goals of the Na-tional Ocean Policy, such as more interagency coordination and decision-making, there are many troubling as-pects here. This amendment seeks to strip un-derlying language that prevents Fed-eral agencies from using ambiguous au-thorities in the National Ocean Policy to encroach on a wide variety of ocean and inland activities. I have heard from farmers and irrigators from throughout the Pacific Northwest concerned that ill-defined terms such as ‘‘ecosystem-based man-agement’’ give broad authority to Fed-eral agencies to adversely impact ter-restrial agriculture that is hundreds of miles from the Pacific Coast in the name of ocean management. Before imposing these burdens on farmers who feed our Nation, it is nec-essary for Congress to evaluate such a policy to ensure that all affected stakeholders have a seat at the table. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, and I thank my colleague from California for yielding me this time. Now, every year, we have this battle. It is a battle to simply recognize the importance of our oceans and ocean planning. We have already learned about the fact that ocean planning works, and it is working already in New England and the mid-Atlantic; and instead of arguing hypotheticals about things that could happen, might hap-pen, we should talk about the story of what actually happens in regions like mine where we live and work on the ocean. The story of National Ocean Policy isn’t national at all. It is about local control, local stakeholders, local input, and local decisionmaking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.150 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4949 June 7, 2018 
In Maine, we have some great success stories of fishermen, lobstermen, Na-tive American Tribes, local commu-nities, and other stakeholders devel-oping voluntary regional ocean plans. It is a great story of coordination among varied interests, all with the same goal of better understanding our oceans, protecting them, and working with them and in them. b1945 By including those who work on and near the ocean, we are coordinating ocean activities for efficiency and co-ordination. But the language in today’s under-lying bill would make it even more dif-ficult for Federal agencies, for State agencies, and for local communities to work together on the future of our ocean resources. Mr. Chairman, this rider has no place in this bill, and I urge my colleagues to strike it. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from California has expired. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ). Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Let me first state that Idaho is not next to an ocean, although we do have the furthest inland port of any State in the country. The point of this is that you all make great arguments—arguments that ought to be held and debated in the au-thorizing committee. The point is that the ocean policy here was put in effect without ever going through Congress. It has never been authorized. It is not that it has been authorized and the expiration dates just expired, like many pro-grams, far too many programs. This has never been authorized by Congress. I might agree with you in the end, but it ought to go through the proper process instead of just doing an execu-tive order. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of this amendment which would re-move the provision in this bill which prohibits funding from being used to implement National Ocean Policy. This provision represents yet another in a long line of attempts by House Republicans to weaken an effective, common sense policy that protects our nation’s oceans. National Ocean Policy allows federal agen-cies to coordinate implementation of more than 100 ocean laws, and allows state and local governments to have a say in the ocean planning process. In my home state of Rhode Island, the Ocean State, a strong National Ocean Policy is vital to our economy. Rhode Island’s ocean economy generates more than $2 billion annually, including more than $1.4 billion from the travel and tourism in-dustries, and nearly $94 million from the com-mercial fishing industry. On top of this, Rhode Island’s Ocean econ-omy supports more than 41,000 jobs. My state, as well as all coastal states, de-pends on clean, viable oceans to support these industries, which is why it is such a ter-rible idea to undermine the development of a strong National Ocean Policy. National Ocean Policy does not create any new regulations, supersede existing regula-tions, rather, it helps coordinate the implemen-tation of and compliance with existing regula-tions in order to ensure a more efficient and effective decision making process. The funding prohibition in this bill would un-dermine good, effective policy, and would un-dermine effective stewardship of our nation’s oceans and coastlines. I strongly support this amendment to re-move the provision, and encourage its adop-tion. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . KIHUEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 32 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 63, beginning on line 7, strike section 508. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I offer an amendment to H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, is very simple. It would strike language that would prohibit the closure of Yucca Mountain. This site sits in my congressional district, less than 100 miles away from Las Vegas, a city that sees 42 million visitors each year, with many of these visitors coming from your districts. Nevada depends on these visitors. Ne-vada’s economy depends on these visi-tors. Putting a nuclear repository this close to millions of Americans is sim-ply irresponsible. And I have grave con-cerns with the transportation of nu-clear waste to Yucca Mountain should this project move forward against the will of Nevadans. Mr. Chairman, Nevada has no nu-clear-energy-producing facilities, and it should not be the dumping ground for the rest of the country’s nuclear waste. The bottom line is this: If your State generates nuclear waste, then you should keep it in your backyard. Or if any of my colleagues are okay with sending nuclear waste to my State, then maybe they should con-sider keeping it in their own State. I will be more than happy to work with them on an amendment. So, again, Mr. Chairman, the people in Nevada do not want this nuclear waste stored in their backyard. Yucca Mountain needs to close, and that is why I encourage my colleagues to vote in support of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS), my colleague from the First Congressional District. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman K
IHUEN for yielding and for his leadership on this issue. Earlier this evening, we heard from the distinguished Member from Illi-nois, who continues to push the ‘‘Yucca or bust’’ policy of the last 36 years. He claimed that the Nevada delega-tion is trying to circumvent the adju-dication process to determine if Ne-vada should be the dumping ground for the Nation’s highly radioactive nuclear waste. He said Congress should reject an-other amendment to save $190 million from being thrown away on this failed proposal because we should let the li-censing process play out without some preconceived outcome. Well, I am sorry, but that is just more BS. If he really believed that, he would be joining us in support of amendment No. 32, which strips the un-necessary policy rider that prohibits closing down the already-shuttered Yucca Mountain. It predetermines that Yucca Moun-tain will be the Nation’s nuclear waste dump and handcuffs the administration from choosing another site regardless of what any studies show. If we are serious about solving this problem, we should change direction and allow consent-based siting. We could start that process today and right now by supporting this amend-ment. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleagues from Nevada for allowing us to have this debate once again. Two weeks ago, we had this debate on the floor of the House. We had a pretty good vote, a bipartisan vote: 340 of our colleagues supported continuing to move forward; 72 disagreed with that position. Part of this debate allows me to just lay out the true facts, and the facts are that this body and this Nation decided 30-plus years ago to address a national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.151 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4950 June 7, 2018 
problem with a national solution. So we have been moving forward as a Na-tion for 30 years—30 years, $15 billion, the most studied piece of ground on the planet. Fortunately, it is in the State of Nevada, and Nevada can claim that they have the safest location for a geo-logical repository. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission, in exhaustive research—and I was wrong. It wasn’t 1,000 pages; it is 1,928 pages. This is one of five volumes. And, yes, the previous amendment was to say: Let’s don’t adjudicate the difference. My colleagues from Nevada keep saying it is not safe. I trust our independent Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission that says it is safe for a mil-lion years. The only way you resolve this is to follow the law and go through adjudication of the complaints. Now, the State of Nevada doesn’t want to go through the adjudication because I believe that, once the science is debated, the decision will be in line with the independent Nuclear Regu-latory Commission and their exhaus-tive research. Now, let’s talk about this current amendment. What this current amend-ment does is just says: Let’s disregard the will of 49 States and our territories and 30 years of law to respond to the State of Nevada’s opposition, not even scientifically based. So what does that mean? What it means is that spent nuclear fuel in a place in California—this is San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station. It is be-tween Las Vegas and San Diego. It is right on the Pacific Ocean. What it means is that it stays right there. What it means for my colleague D
AN N
EWHOUSE from Washington State is that the defense liability of Hanford, right on the Columbia River, stays right there. What it means for my friends in Chi-cago is that the Zion Nuclear Power Generating Station, right on Lake Michigan, stays right there. What about the Savannah River Site? Well, it stays right next to Savannah River versus 90 miles away in the desert, underneath a mountain, on Fed-eral property. So when the local concern is ad-dressed about the local issue, the local consensus is really the Department of the Interior, the Department of De-fense, and the Department of Energy. That Federal land is larger than the State of Connecticut. That is the local concern that we are dealing with and we are addressing here. This is all of the operating commer-cial nuclear power plants. That is why there are 31 States and 121 locations. And that is why this debate is impor-tant. Because more and more, as we are able to lay out the facts, the consensus by the national media is that it is time to move forward and finish the project, whether that is The Washington Post, The San Diego Union-Tribune, the Aiken Standard, the Los Angeles Times, or the Chicago Tribune. So I say to my colleagues, I under-stand the ‘‘not in my backyard,’’ but there is more nuclear spent fuel in Chi-cago, Illinois, in Chicagoland—in Chicagoland, not 90 miles away. And Chicago has 55 million visitors, not 33 million—more than Las Vegas. It is not going to hurt their tourism. Actually, it is going to help diversify the econ-omy. I understand the argument and de-bate. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gen-tleman for letting me address this again in this Chamber so that I can fully not only educate our colleagues but move the Nation forward. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 33 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to sell the trans-mission assets of the Bonneville Power Ad-ministration, the Southwestern Power Ad-ministration, the Western Area Power Ad-ministration, or the Tennessee Valley Au-thority. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment on a crit-ical matter for the Bonneville Power Administration and our Nation’s other power marketing administrations, or PMAs, including the Southwestern Power Administration and the Western Area Power Administration, as well as the Tennessee Valley Authority, or the TVA. The President’s fiscal year 2019 budg-et request, released earlier this year, included a misguided proposal to sell the transmission assets of these enti-ties. It is unfortunate this proposal was offered once again, as the matter was met with resounding rejection by Con-gress last year when it was offered in the fiscal year 2018 budget request. The sale of these assets would result in the Federal Government abandoning a successful and efficient solution for providing affordable power to rural, urban, and tribal communities across the country. This one-time Federal debt reduction proposal would create energy produc-tion and delivery issues for my con-stituents, as costs would inevitably rise. Mr. Chairman, this ill-advised pro-posal is once again a Federal attempt to fix something that is not broken. I fully support efforts to improve en-ergy infrastructure across the Nation. However, I do not believe that this goal should come at the expense of existing infrastructure—infrastructure that successfully fills a need where market- based pricing would not be sustainable. My constituents, especially in rural communities, depend on the Bonneville Power Administration to provide sta-ble and affordable electricity service. Divesting BPA’s assets would create needless uncertainty for regional en-ergy markets and ratepayers in central Washington. In a climate where BPA continues to face unnecessary challenges, whether from the imprudent Federal proposal to move to market-based rates or the incessant use of litigation brought for-ward by radical environmentalists for the past three decades, I offer this amendment which simply prohibits any funds from being used to sell the trans-mission assets of the three PMAs and the TVA. b2000 Mr. Chairman, I come before the House today as a champion for the Bonneville Power Administration, an advocate for public power, and a stead-fast representative for ratepayers across central Washington State, the greater Pacific Northwest, and the en-tire Nation. I encourage the adminis-tration to listen to this resounding bi-partisan message that I bring along with my colleagues today: we reject this proposal and prohibit the divest-ment of these assets. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ). Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for the amend-ment. The Tennessee Valley Authority is something that is important to us and to the nearly 10 million Tennessee Val-ley ratepayers that they serve each and every single day. As the gentleman said, something is not broken, so it does not need the Federal Government to come in and try to fix it. Mr. Chair, I stand with the gen-tleman supporting the PMA’s, the TVA, and those that are utilizers of this service. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I am proud my amendment is cosponsored by at least 18 bipartisan colleagues, and I would humbly urge the rest of my colleagues to support and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 34 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.154 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4951 June 7, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. Each amount appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act that is not required to be appropriated or otherwise made available by a provision of law is here-by reduced by 1 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment that I propose each and every year because I think this is something that is worthy of dis-cussion. We are facing $21 trillion in debt in this Nation. We have annual deficits that continue to climb. We have to look at how you are going to grow your way and cut your way out of this Na-tion’s debt. Now, we know that this appropria-tions bill is something that is at $44.75 billion. A lot of hard work by the mem-bers of the Appropriations Committee has gone into this. We appreciate that they have made an effort to keep the spending down, even some years they have been below the level that was ac-tually enacted the previous year. This year that is not the case. They are a little bit above, but they are working diligently, and I am grateful for that. I think we need to work a little bit harder, and that is why I bring this, a penny out of a dollar, one penny, mak-ing that type rescission in what we are spending, making certain that we are engaging rank-and-file Federal employ-ees after they receive their appro-priated funds, saying: ‘‘Let’s go back to the drawing board. Let’s take one penny out of every dollar we spend.’’ We are doing it for our children and our grandchildren, facing the fact that our Nation has a climbing debt. Now, Admiral Mullen said July 6, 2010: ‘‘The greatest threat to our Na-tion’s security is our Nation’s debt.’’ This is an issue that deserves a bet-ter effort. We have given it good ef-forts. Let’s give it a better effort and give it our best effort to get this spend-ing under control. The reason, with these discretionary funds, we say let’s do it with across- the-board cuts is because across-the- board spending reductions work. It has been proven by many of our States, where Democratic and Republican Gov-ernors have made across-the-board re-ductions in order to get budgets in bal-ance. It is done by cities; it is done by counties; it is done by the private sec-tor; it is done by families. It is time for us to engage the bu-reaucracy and say to them: ‘‘Find one penny out of a dollar and help us pre-serve our freedom for future genera-tions.’’ Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, this would not be an appropriation bill if we didn’t have this amendment before us. Every year, this amendment has been offered, and the gentlewoman from Tennessee and I have debated this many times in the past. While I commend my colleague for her consistent work to protect the tax-payers’ dollars, this is not the ap-proach that I would endorse nor can I support. The bill in its current form balances many of the needs. The bill prioritizes funding for national security and crit-ical infrastructure, yet the gentle-woman’s amendment proposes an across-the-board cut on every one of these programs, including increases in funding that are sorely needed to mod-ernize our nuclear weapons stockpile and to protect our Nation’s electrical grid from emerging cyber threats. Across-the-board cuts make no dis-tinction between where we need to be spending or investing in our infrastruc-ture, promoting jobs, and meeting our national security needs and where we need to limit spending to meet our def-icit reduction goals. That is what we actually do when we write a bill in the Appropriations Committee and have the hearings and so forth. The main reason this bill is $1.5 bil-lion above last year and the reason that the chairman gave this allocation to the Energy and Water Sub-committee is because there was a need in rebuilding our nuclear security in-frastructure. That is where the major-ity of that money went. The next major portion of it went to the Army Corps of Engineers to build the waterways and infrastructure that need to be replaced. There is something like a trillion dollars—I know it is not the exact number, and I don’t know if that is the correct number, but it is pretty close—of backlog, of needs with-in the Army Corps of Engineers, with an aging infrastructure: locks and dams, harbors that need to be main-tained for our economy, that need to be dredged. That is where the majority of that money went. That is why the Ap-propriations Committee put the addi-tional $1.5 billion into this. Yes, reducing the deficit and address-ing our debt are critical things that need to get done, too, but everyone here, including the gentlewoman from Tennessee, who is my good friend, knows that it is not the discretionary spending that is driving this debt and deficit each year; it is the huge in-creases in mandatory spending. Those are primarily Social Security, Medi-care, and Medicaid, interest on the debt. That is what is driving the debt. If you look back 40 or 50 years ago, out of the entire Federal budget, 70 percent of it was discretionary spend-ing. That is what we spend money on that everybody thinks as government when they think of government. About 30 percent of it was the mandatory pro-grams. It has reversed. Now a little over 70 percent of the Federal Government is mandatory. It is on autopilot. Unless we change the law underneath it and have the courage to do that, it con-tinues to grow. If you look at our budget today on the discretionary side, we spend less today than we did in 2010. That is 8 years later. We spend less today on dis-cretionary spending than we did in 2010. That is the reality. So while I appreciate the effort to ad-dress the debt and the deficit, this is not the way to do it. It is not address-ing the main problem that is driving our debt. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I would just say, you know, there used to be an old expression. They asked Jesse James, ‘‘Why do you rob banks.’’ He said, ‘‘That is where the money is.’’ So I think about the situation we face in our country today. I am not willing to take the money out of this budget, which I consider critical to America’s security at home and abroad, and meanwhile, in other fora, to give trillions of dollars to the top 1 percent in this country who aren’t really interested in what we are doing here much, don’t appreciate it some-times. I am not willing to leave off the hook the Wall Street bankers that took us into the 2008 recession, not a single one went to jail. It is interesting where the gentle-woman is looking for money. One of the reasons I chose to be on this sub-committee is I am sick of going to war for energy. Too many people from my region have died. I think part of America’s solution is becoming energy independent and being able to conduct war where we have to. This bill allows us to do that for the sake of the Republic. I think the gentlewoman has a good intention to try to balance the budget. I think she is looking at the wrong end of the telescope. Mr. SIMPSON. I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, when you talk about where you are looking for money, it is coming out of the hardworking taxpayers’ pocket. And what they say is, ‘‘Do something about the debt,’’ because they are the ones who are footing the bill. Now, it is easy for us to say, yes, the mandatory spending eats up most of the budget. That is very true. The chairman is correct on that. But is that a reason to not do something about discretionary? Absolutely not. Should we continue to exercise the ability to find efficiencies, to try to do more with less? Absolutely, we should. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.159 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4952 June 7, 2018 
Should we make government more effective, more efficient, and more re-sponsive? Should we utilize new tech-nologies? Absolutely, we should, be-cause every penny that we appropriate in this Chamber comes from the tax-payers of this Nation, who are working hard. They know government never runs out of an appetite for their money. They know that government is always going to ask for more. They are looking at the $21 trillion in debt. Let’s take these steps. Let’s cut a penny out of a dollar and do it because we know this debt is going to land on the heads of our children and our grandchildren. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 35 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Corps of Engi-neers-Civil—Investigations’’, and increasing the amount made available for the same ac-count, by $3,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, all over the Nation, we face a series of disasters that come in many different forms: fires, volcanoes, and heavy rain. My amendment deals with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the im-portant aspect of its investigatory work by redirecting $3 million for in-creased funding for postdisaster water-shed assessment studies that are typ-ical across the Gulf region and even up the East Coast, where we know Hurri-cane Sandy was devastating just a few years ago. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a critical role in the building, maintaining, and expanding of the most critical of the Nation’s infra-structure. b2015 My amendment would address the question of pre-preparedness. As we were facing the disaster of Hurricane Harvey, so many wondered how much more we should have pre-prepared. Many were aware of the fact that we flooded in 500-year and 1,000-year flood areas. We are aware of the devastation in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Is-lands. The Army Corps of Engineers can be very instrumental in assessing ahead of time the potential impact of flood and storm damage and, through the inves-tigations, can reduce this and create savings. I am optimistic, as we go forward, and hopeful that we will receive in the Gulf region a regional watershed as-sessment flood risk management feasi-bility study. But I think it is important to note that we are probably not out from under the weather of future disasters. On April 15, 2016, 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12-hour period and, as well, 2016, an-other major flood causing major dam-age. And, finally, this is not atypical, it seems, as we watched the hurricane season of last year all over the Gulf re-gion and we found Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons and 300,000 homes were lost. So the investigatory part of the Army Corps of Engineers is an impor-tant tool for the whole Nation when it comes to dealing with pre-preparedness and assessing how we can do better in natural disasters. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk; it is number 35 on the roster. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman SIMP-
SON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep- herding this legislation to floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great nat-ural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment speaks to the need for ro-bust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers ‘‘Investigations’’ account by redirecting $3 million for increased funding for post-dis-aster watershed assessment studies, like the one that is being contemplated for the Hous-ton/Harris County metropolitan area. As the federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduc-tion, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem res-toration, and conducts detailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a critical role in the building, maintaining, and expanding the most critical of the nation’s infrastructure. We understand this very well in my home state of Texas and the Eighteenth Congres-sional District that I represent. The Army Corps of Engineers has been working with the Harris County Flood Control District since 1937 to reduce the risk of flood-ing within Harris County. Current projects include 6 federal flood risk management projects: 1. Sims Bayou 2. Greens Bayou 3. Brays Bayou 4. White Oak Bayou 5. Hunting Bayou, and 6. Clear Creek In addition to these ongoing projects, the Army Corps of Engineers operates and main-tains the Addicks and Barker (A&B) Detention Dams in northwest Harris County. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that the bill provides that the Secretary of the Army may initiate up to six new study starts during fiscal year 2018, and that five of those studies are to consist studies where the majority of the benefits are derived from flood and storm damage reduc-tion or from navigation transportation savings. I am optimistic that one of those new study starts will be the Houston Regional Watershed Assessment Flood Risk Management Feasi-bility study. Such a study is certainly needed given the frequency and severity of historic-level flood events in recent years in and around the Houston metropolitan area. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeding the 100 to 500 year flood event record. Some of the areas that experienced these historic rain falls were west of I–45, north of I– 10, and Greens Bayou. Additionally, an estimated 140 billion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. The purpose of the Houston Regional Wa-tershed Assessment is to identify risk reduc-tion measures and optimize performance from a multi-objective systems performance per-spective of the regional network of nested and intermingled watersheds, reservoir dams, flood flow conveyance channels, storm water deten-tion basins, and related Flood Risk Manage-ment (FRM) infrastructure. Special emphasis of the study, which covers 22 primary watersheds within Harris County’s 1,735 square miles, will be placed on extreme flood events that exceed the system capacity resulting in impacts to asset conditions/func-tions and loss of life. Mr. Chair, during the May 2015 Houston flood, 3,015 homes were flooded and 8 per-sons died; during the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flooded and 8 deaths recorded. The economic damage caused by the 2015 Houston flood is estimated at $3 billion; the 2016 estimate is being compiled and is esti-mated to be well above $2 billion. Mr. Chair, minimizing the risk of flood dam-age to the Houston and Harris County metro-politan area, the nation’s 4th largest, is a mat-ter of national significance because the region is one of the nation’s major technology, en-ergy, finance, export and medical centers: 1. The Port of Houston is the largest bulk port in the world; 2. Texas Medical Center is a world re-nowned teaching, research and treatment cen-ter; 3. Houston is home to the largest conglom-eration of foreign bank representation and second only to New York City as home to the most Fortune 500 companies; and 4. The Houston Watershed Assessment study area sits within major Hurricane Evacu-ation arteries for the larger Galveston Gulf Coast region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.161 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4953 June 7, 2018 
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 35 is par-ticularly important in light of the devastation of Hurricane Harvey and its aftermath. At its peak on September 1, 2017, one-third of Houston was underwater due to Hurricane Harvey flooding. There was over 41,500 square miles of land mass impacted by Hurricane Harvey and the subsequent flooding that covered an area larg-er than the States of Connecticut, Massachu-setts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont combined. Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metroplex. In September 2017, NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory reported that Hurricane Harvey’s rainfall created 275 trillion pounds of water, which caused the crust in and around Houston to deform and sink nearly 1 inch because of the weight. Over 300,000 structures flooded in south-eastern Texas, where extreme rainfall hit many areas that are densely populated. Hurricane Harvey is the largest housing dis-aster to strike the U.S. in our nation’s history. Hurricane Harvey damaged 203,000 homes, of which 12,700 were destroyed. Texas flood control districts are still strug-gling to recover from this record breaking flood event. Nineteen trillion gallons of flood waters poured into the Houston Ship Channel from area rivers and bayous on the way to the Gulf of Mexico. As a consequence, tens of millions of tons of sediment and debris flowed through the big-gest waterway in the nation. Today, the Port of Houston is operating with draft restrictions that may last a year or longer. Draft restrictions are adding costs to oil and gas and Petrochemical operations, which are passed on to wholesalers, who pass these costs to consumers at the pump. The Port of Houston produces 27 percent of the nation’s gasoline and about 60 percent of the U.S. aviation fuel. Investments in all aspects of our nation’s water infrastructure pays dividends in the form of economic activity. The Houston Ship Channel generates $617 billion in the U.S. with $265 billion of that in Texas representing 16 percent of the state of Texas’s GDP. The Port of Houston sustains 2.7 million jobs nationally with 1.2 million of them within the state of Texas. I ask my colleagues to join me and support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 35. I thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K
APTUR for their work in shepherding this bill to the floor. I am asking my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, let me assure my colleague that I understand her interest in ad-dressing flood risks in her district. In fact, the Appropriations Committee has worked very hard to prioritize these activities, including significant funding in the supplemental bill earlier this year, in the fiscal year 2018 appro-priations act, and this fiscal year 2019 bill before us today. Since the amendment does not change funding levels within the bill, I will not oppose the amendment, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. First of all, let me thank the chair-man of the committee for what has been ongoing support of our efforts. And I hope he sees that these are ef-forts for across the Nation as well. To be clear, I am glad that we do not alter the account but we redirect and focus moneys on this important inves-tigatory area. I thank him for his sup-port. I would be happy to yield to the ranking member, who, likewise, has helped me over the years to address this question of flooding. But I want to make the point that what we saw in the last hurricane sea-son is that it reaches across the Gulf region, including the U.S. Virgin Is-lands and, of course, Puerto Rico. I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the distinguished ranking member. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to thank Congresswoman J
ACK-
SONLEEfor yielding and for the incred-ible work she does representing the Gulf region in its fullness. I understand, through her and through my own studies, the damage done by Hurricane Harvey and the need for studies such as these to advance flood control projects to mitigate fu-ture damage. I think she has been such an articulate spokeswoman, reminding us that times are changing and we have to pay attention to coastal commu-nities. I have to also mention that there are funds in the supplemental bill we passed earlier this year for purposes such as these, and we have plussed up the Army Corps budget in this par-ticular bill. So I think that will serve Texas very well. And the gentlewoman mentioned the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. We are all deeply concerned. So I thank my colleague for offering this amendment. I thank her for her great leadership and urge all of our col-leagues to support her amendment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Let me take this moment again to acknowledge the funds that have been put into this bill that focuses on what we experienced in the last year. And I would indicate that the investigatory account, which will see this focus, is important. The dollars that we have re-ceived from this Congress I do appre-ciate. And the final word I would say in closing is that we work and hope to work with the administration for those funds to get to the local jurisdictions. We are right in the middle of trying to get those dollars down from Wash-ington into our local jurisdictions. With that, I thank the manager and the chairman and the manager who is ranking member again and ask my col-leagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 36 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—En-ergy Programs—Science’’ may be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, this is an educational amendment, if you will. It is to emphasize the impor-tance of the Department of Energy’s program that deals with the empha-sizing of educating minority students across America with STEM. Now we have moved and advanced to STEAM. That includes arts. But the Office of Minority Impact that is in the DOE has as its major focus—and we are still behind in the numbers—to ramp up the numbers of men and women and minorities in the STEM effort. Women and minorities make up 70 percent of college students but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree holders. If we are to be a 21st century and 22nd century country—and as I was sit-ting in some meetings today—com-peting with countries on the question of cybersecurity—I know that we are in the Energy and Water approps, but if we are to reach beyond the boundaries of research that help in energy and water, I think it is important that we continue to try and do outreach to in-crease the numbers of women and mi-norities to go into the STEM fields. The energy and science education programs funded in part by this bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.072 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4954 June 7, 2018 
will help ensure that members of underrepresented communities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environmental sustainability, preservation, and health. The larger point is that we need more STEM edu-cators and more minorities to qualify for those positions. Mr. Chairman, there are still a great many scientific riddles left to be solved, and perhaps one of these days a minority engineer or biologist will add to the others and will come up with some of the major solutions in our time. I would offer to say that education efforts with teachers and students under this program are extremely im-portant because the students of today, teachers who are teaching the students of today, are the scientists and prob-lem-solvers of tomorrow. So I again want to emphasize to my fellow Texan, Secretary Perry, who is Secretary of the Department of En-ergy, to focus and to grow the depart-ment that deals with educating young people in the science, technology, engi-neering, and math. We are waiting for them. We need them, and the Nation needs them. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I con-clude by saying: Let’s provide more op-portunity for these students. I want to emphasize the Energy In-stitute High School in Houston and, as well, to cite high schools across the Nation that are working to provide these students with this kind of train-ing. And I hope these dollars will help them do so. I ask for the support of my amend-ment. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk, No. 36. I want to thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K
APTUR for shepherding this legislation to the floor and for it commitment to preserving America’s great natural environ-ment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 36 simply pro-vides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘Department of Energy—Energy Pro-grams—Science’ may be used in contraven-tion of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.).’’ This amendment was approved and adopt-ed in identical form on April 29, 2015, during the 114th Congress as an amendment to H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Resources Ap-propriations Act of 2016 and on July 7, 2017, during this Congress as an amendment to H.R. 3219, the Energy and Water Resources Appropriations Act of 2018. Mr. Chair, twenty years ago, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environ-mental effects of their actions on minority and low-income populations. The Department of Energy seeks to provide equal access in these opportunities for under-represented groups in STEM, including minori-ties, Native Americans, and women. Mr. Chair, women and minorities make up 70 percent of college students, but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree hold-ers. This large pool of untapped talent is a great potential source of STEM professionals. As the nation’s demographics are shifting and now most children under the age of one are minorities, it is critical that we close the gap in the number of minorities who seek STEM opportunities. I encourage Energy Secretary Perry to sur-pass the commitment of his predecessors’ to-ward increasing the nation’s economic com-petitiveness and enabling more of our people to realize their full potential. Mr. Chair, there are still a great many sci-entific riddles left to be solved—and perhaps one of these days a minority engineer or biolo-gist will come-up with some of the solutions. The larger point is that we need more STEM educators and more minorities to qual-ify for them. The energy and science education pro-grams funded in part by this bill will help en-sure that members of underrepresented com-munities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environmental sustain-ability, preservation, and health. Through education about the importance of environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. Through community education efforts, teachers and students have also benefitted by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. The Department of Energy places interns and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy pro-grams. The DOE also works to increase low income and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. With the continuation of this kind of funding, we can increase diversity, provide clean en-ergy options to our most underserved commu-nities, and help improve their environments, which will yield better health outcomes and greater public awareness. But most importantly businesses will have more consumers to whom they may engage in related commercial activities. My amendment will help ensure that under-represented communities are able to partici-pate and contribute equitably in the energy and scientific future. I ask my colleagues to join me and support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 36. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 38 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. l. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a simple limitation amendment. No funds made available by this act may be used to purchase heavy water from the Islamic Republic of Iran. Why are we doing this? Iran is the world’s leading state sponsor of ter-rorism, fomenting discord all across the Middle East, funding Hamas in the Gaza Strip and Hezbollah in Lebanon while supporting the Houthis in Yemen. Iran provided deadly, military-grade explosives to militias in Iraq, killing hundreds of American servicemembers during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Iran has never been held accountable for that. They still have major control over portions of Iraq, and the Shiite militias they back are running ramp-ant. Furthermore, we know that Iran is working to be the key outside player in Syria in an effort to expand control from the Persian Gulf to the Medi-terranean Sea. As you know, the JCPOA was effec-tively an Obama executive agreement, never ratified by Congress or enacted into law. It was sold using lies and propaganda, and it provided Iran with an economic lifeline. It provided Iran with $150 billion in sanctions relief and even airlifted $1.7 billion in cold, hard cash to Tehran. Just yesterday, we learned that the Obama administration secretly granted a license authorizing the conversion of Iranian assets worth billions of U.S. dollars using the U.S. financial system despite repeated assurances to the pub-lic and Congress that Iran would not be granted access to the U.S. financial system. The Obama administration contin-ually offered gratuitous concessions to Iran that went beyond even the unilat-eral concessions contained in the Iran deal. And that is where this heavy water limitation amendment comes in. The Obama administration was using tax dollars to purchase heavy water from Iran. That is money over and above what the Iran deal provided. And that damage has been significant. Now, President Trump has withdrawn the U.S. from the JCPOA. My amend-ment, though, is simple. We just should not use tax dollars to subsidize Iran’s nuclear activities through the purchase of heavy water. I don’t think the President would want to do that, but I think it is im-portant that we continue with this in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.167 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4955 June 7, 2018 
law, which we have had now for over a year. I think it will ensure that the mistakes of the past are not repeated. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, though I think he intends it well. I want to inform him that the De-partment of Energy has said it does not have plans to purchase additional heavy water from Iran. So I think this amendment is really irrelevant. Frankly, I would rather that the United States take whatever Iran has rather than letting them sell it to Rus-sia or somebody else. But the Depart-ment of Energy has clearly said they don’t have plans to purchase additional heavy water from Iran. And so the gentleman’s amendment is unnecessary, and I urge my col-leagues to oppose it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close. I just urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the amendment. It has been in law before. We have passed it out of this House 2 years in a row. We should do it again. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ). The amendment was agreed to. b2030 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. The total amount of appropria-tions made available by this Act is hereby reduced by $1,500,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Chairman, with the passage of the bipartisan budget agreement back in February, Congress essentially gave themselves a blank check to spend billions and billions more of taxpayers’ dollars over the next two fiscal years. Our national debt stands at over $21 trillion and we decided to spend more. How does that make any sense? People back home continuously ask me why our government keeps spending and spending. You know what I tell them? I have no idea. I have no idea why Members of Congress willingly go along with this abysmal continued spending. I have no idea why we would cut taxes for millions of Americans, grow our economy exponentially, and then decide to spend more. If anything, now is the time to get spending under control. Now is the time to rein in reckless spending hab-its. My amendment should not even be controversial. It simply cuts spending back to what they were last year. $1.5 billion is a drop in the bucket com-pared to our national debt. We need to start somewhere. Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Ms. TENNEY ). The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. While I agree with my colleague that we need to be finding savings where possible, this amendment is not the approach that I can support. The bill in its current form takes a balanced approach to meet a number of needs, not just wants or wishes or any-thing else, but actual needs. The bill prioritizes funding for national secu-rity and critical infrastructure and re-duces funding for certain activities that did not need sustained funding at prior year levels to accomplish their mission in fiscal year 2019. These tradeoffs were carefully weighed for their respective impacts, and the increases proposed are respon-sible and, in some cases, are absolutely essential. Approximately half of the funding in this bill is for national defense activi-ties. This bill includes $15.3 billion for the Department of Energy’s nuclear weapons security program which pro-vides funding to maintain our Nation’s nuclear weapons stockpile and for the Navy’s nuclear propulsion programs that supports our Navy’s fleet of sub-marines and aircraft carriers and for nonproliferation activities that are re-ducing global nuclear threats. In February, the administration re-leased a Nuclear Posture Review that described a sobering view of the cur-rent global nuclear threat situation. Russia is modernizing its full range of nuclear systems. China is modernizing and expanding its already considerable nuclear forces, pursuing entirely new capabilities. North Korea’s nuclear provocations threaten regional and global peace. Iran’s nuclear ambitions remain an unresolved concern. Global nuclear terrorism remains a tangible threat. This amendment would slash funding for the activities in this bill that are an integral part of the United States’ national security strategy to address these nuclear threats. For that and many other reasons, I would oppose the gentleman’s amend-ment and suggest that maybe we ought to look at what is causing the debt to go up, and that is the mandatory spending and not the discretionary spending that we have. I would urge my colleagues to vote against the amendment. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentle-woman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chairwoman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. I just wanted to say, the gentleman who is offering this amendment, I op-pose the amendment, and you and I view the world very differently. I view the Government of the United States as a bulwark for social and eco-nomic stability in this country. If I look at why we have a deficit going back, one of the reasons is oil wars. This department is one of the most important departments in the country to lead us to energy independence as a country. I don’t think we should do what you are asking us to do here. If we look at our trade deficit, we haven’t had balanced trade accounts since the mid-1970s. Adding trillions of dollars to our trade deficit every year is making it harder to fund Social Security and Medicare, programs that are essential to social stability in this country. If we look at the 2008 crash and the trillions of dollars that cost us as a country, no-body on Wall Street went to jail. It is interesting to me where people want to pick away, pick away, pick away when you look at the big money, the moneys for war, the money for pay-ing for imported goods as opposed to producing here at home, the causes of what happened in 2008, and there was no justice that was given to the Repub-lic. So, to me, energy independence is critical, if you look at the trillions we have added to the deficit because of war. So we look at the country through different ends of the telescope, I think, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I really think the result of your amendment will be less investment in the Republic, less investment in water resource infrastructure and energy de-velopment, and less investments that create good jobs and have substantial returns on investments such as mod-ernizing our ports and all of the infra-structure that helps us to achieve so-cial and economic stability in this country, which isn’t easy to do. So I thank my colleagues for listen-ing, and I would urge opposition to this amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
OR-
MAN). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NORMAN. Madam Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.170 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4956 June 7, 2018 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas) having assumed the chair, Ms. T
ENNEY , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 5895) making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material in the consideration of H.R. 5895, and that I may include tab-ular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Idaho? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 923 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5895. Will the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ) kindly resume the chair. b2039 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Ms. T
ENNEY (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today pursuant to House Resolution 918, a re-quest for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 115–711 offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
OR-
MAN) had been postponed. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the further amendment printed in part A of House Report 115–712 shall be con-sidered as adopted. The text of the further amendment printed in part A of House Report 115– 712 is as follows: 
Page 165, after line 14, insert the following: S
EC. 239. For an additional amount for the Department of Veterans Affairs, $1,138,000,000 for the programs and activities authorized in the VA MISSION Act of 2018 and the amend-ments made by such Act, which shall be in addition to amounts otherwise made avail-able in this Act for such purpose, of which— (1) $600,000,000 shall become available for the Veterans Community Care Program under section 1703 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by the VA MISSION Act of 2018, on the effective date specified in section 101(b) of such Act; and (2) $253,000,000 shall be available for the Family Caregivers Program under section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, as amended by such Act: Provided, That amounts made available under this section shall remain available until September 30, 2020. The Acting CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report and available pro forma amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 918. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before ac-tion thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments de-scribed in section 4 of House Resolu-tion 918, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. NOLAN. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 5, line 13, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 7, line 16, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,030,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. NOLAN. Madam Chair, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman S
IMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR . I wish the whole country could be here to watch how hard you have worked, not just tonight, but throughout the year to bring this important legisla-tion before us. It would give them great hope and faith in the process, and I commend both of you, your com-mittee members, and your staff for the work that you are doing here. Madam Chair, I will be brief. My amendment would add $1 million to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ aquatic nuisance control program. In effect, it would double the annual funding to $2 million for the important and critical research that is needed to combat some 1,500 terribly destructive invasive spe-cies in our lakes and waterways, in-cluding six new invasive species of for-eign zooplankton that were just discov-ered in Lake Superior. I am not sure where it came from and what kind of damage it will do. A little quick history here: I am only going to take a couple of minutes. My amendment to the 2014 water resources bill added fish and other aquatic crea-tures to the official definition of invasive species, a definition that had been previously reserved only to plants. So that opened the door for us to have a way to combat these aquatic species. And in so doing, the Congress gave the Army Corps the authority to do the research to eradicate invasive species like Asian carp, zebra mussels, and so many hundreds of others that are caus-ing so much damage to sport and com-mercial fishing, to shipping, naviga-tion, and to harbor maintenance. The aquatic nuisance control pro-gram is supposed to be leading the way with cutting-edge research, and it is doing a good job. But the fact is, it is terribly underfunded, leaving little re-sources to address the influx of the aquatic species. As a result, the aquatic invasives like zebra mussels have infested more than 130 lakes in my own State and thousands of lakes across the country. To give you an idea of how fast these zebra mussels, for example, spread, a female zebra mussel can produce a half a million offspring each year. And the simple truth is, the zebra mussels are just choking off all kinds of snails and clam and other native fishes—even bird species. In fact, they killed over 10,000 loons in Lake Erie alone because they ate something that had zebra mussels in them, and the zebra mussels had a botulism that killed 10,000 loons. That is how dev-astating these things can be. b2045 For outdoor recreation, our people are getting their feet cut and getting all kinds of injuries by stepping on these zebra mussels. Thousands of good jobs and slowdowns of our economy are caused, delaying ships as they are painstakingly having to remove these zebra mussels. They are just one of more than 1,500 invasive species. So I urge my colleagues to approve this amendment so the Army Corps can get to work cleaning up our lakes and waterways and putting an end to the invasive species that are causing so much costly damage and destruction to our lakes and waterways. Madam Chairman, I yield to the gen-tlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) for yielding me the time. Talk about working hard, you are here at 9 o’clock in Washington and the day started very early. I thank the gentleman for being here and defending the Great Lakes. I sup-port his amendment. I personally rep-resent about 200 miles of Lake Erie’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 12, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H07JN8.REC H07JN8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4957 June 7, 2018 
coast, the shallowest and most abun-dant of the Great Lakes. We know what zebra mussels are and quagga mussels. We also know about aquatic plants like phragmites that are just in-vading and causing all kinds of prob-lems along our shores. The Aquatic Nuisance Species Re-search Program works on other species in other parts of the country, so I thank the gentleman for being a cham-pion of the Great Lakes and a cham-pion of so many important causes. We know that in our Great Lakes we have about a $6 billion fishery that we are trying to protect, but these quagga and zebra mussels are spreading rap-idly. The gentleman is right. It is just an explosion. There is no other way to explain it. They came in in ballast water. We tried to adopt ballast water regulations so it has to be dumped when it is further up the Saint Law-rence Seaway before those ships come down. It didn’t happen, so now we have this to contend with. We are trying to keep these invasive species out of our lakes. We are threat-ened by the Asian carp. We are trying to fish those out temporarily while we try to find a more genetically impactful solution. I want to thank the gentleman for transferring $1 million from the Corps’ operation and maintenance account to increase the Corps’ Aquatic Nuisance Species Research Program. I commend the gentleman for that and thank him for working so late into the night. Your constituents are lucky Con-gressman N
OLAN is here. Mr. NOLAN. Madam Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas) having assumed the chair, Ms. T
ENNEY , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 5895) making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
SPENDING CUTS TO EXPIRED AND UNNECESSARY PROGRAMS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 3) to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be re-scinded in special messages trans-mitted to the Congress by the Presi-dent on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 210, nays 206, not voting 11, as follows: [Roll No. 243] YEAS—210 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—206 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder NOT VOTING—11 
Beatty Carbajal Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
b2117 Messrs. LANCE, SCHNEIDER, CROWLEY, PAYNE, and DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mrs. HANDEL, Messrs. CRAMER and YOUNG of Alaska changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia). Pursuant to House Resolution 918 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5895. Will the gentleman from South Caro-lina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) kindly take the chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.177 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4958 June 7, 2018 
b2119 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. N
ORMAN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today pursuant to House Resolution 918, a re-quest for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 115–711 offered by the gen-tleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
OR-
MAN) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 115– 711 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 13 by Ms. T
SONGAS of Massachusetts; Amendment No. 18 by Mr. B
EYER of Virginia; Amendment No. 24 by Mr. G
OSAR of Arizona; Amendment No. 26 by Ms. L
EEof California; Amendment No. 27 by Mr. C
ONNOLLY  of Virginia; Amendment No. 29 by Mr. G
OSAR of Arizona; Amendment No. 31 by Mr. L
OWENTHAL of California; Amendment No. 34 by Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN of Tennessee; Amendment No. 39 by Mr. N
ORMAN of South Carolina. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MS . TSONGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 201, noes 217, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 244] AYES—201 
Adams Aguilar Bacon Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—217 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes Olson Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—9 
Beatty Carbajal Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2123 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 204, noes 214, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 245] AYES—204 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:25 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.180 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4959 June 7, 2018 
Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—214 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) NOT VOTING—9 
Beatty Carbajal Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2127 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 123, noes 295, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 246] AYES—123 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Banks (IN) Barr Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Collins (GA) Comer Cook Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Foxx Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Massie McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Stewart Taylor Tenney Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Yoder Yoho NOES—295 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Babin Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:20 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.070 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4960 June 7, 2018 
Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—9 
Beatty Carbajal Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2130 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 177, noes 241, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 247] AYES—177 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—9 
Beatty Carbajal Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2133 Mr. SWALWELL of California changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 239, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 248] AYES—179 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.075 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4961 June 7, 2018 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—9 
Beatty Carbajal Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2136 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 139, noes 276, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 249] AYES—139 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barton Biggs Bilirakis Blum Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Cook Cramer Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Ferguson Flores Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Larson (CT) Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Loudermilk Love Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Olson Palmer Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rothfus Rouzer Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Tipton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—276 
Adams Aguilar Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McNerney Meeks Meng Mitchell Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.077 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4962 June 7, 2018 
Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Woodall Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Amash Rooney, Thomas J. 
NOT VOTING—10 
Beatty Carbajal Griffith Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2139 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . 
LOWENTHAL  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 195, noes 223, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 250] AYES—195 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—9 
Beatty Carbajal Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2142 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 155, noes 262, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 251] AYES—155 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Estes (KS) Ferguson Flores Foxx Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Lucas Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.080 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4963 June 7, 2018 
Smucker Stewart Taylor Tipton Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—262 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—10 
Beatty Carbajal Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Sinema Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2146 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS changed her vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 128, noes 289, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 252] AYES—128 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Comer Cook Cramer Curtis Davidson DeSantis Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Estes (KS) Flores Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Olson Palmer Perry Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Tipton Wagner Walberg Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
NOES—289 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.078 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4964 June 7, 2018 
NOT VOTING—10 
Beatty Carbajal Issa Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b2150 Mr. ROTHFUS changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, the machine did not register my no vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 252. The Acting CHAIR. There being no further amendments under House Reso-lution 918, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois) having assumed the chair, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Act-ing Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
SERGEANT ERNEST I. ‘‘BOOTS’’ THOMAS VA CLINIC Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill (S. 2246) to designate the health care center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Ernest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and for other pur-poses, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2246 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF A DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CLINIC IN FLORIDA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Health Care Center of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated at 2181 Orange Avenue in Tallahassee, Florida, shall after the date of the enact-ment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant Ernest I. ‘Boots’ Thomas VA Clinic’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clin-ic referred to in paragraph (1) shall be con-sidered to be a reference to the Sergeant Er-nest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOP-MENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 923 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5895. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) kindly take the chair. b2153 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. H
ULTGREN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today pursuant to House Resolution 923, amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–712 offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) had been disposed of. It is now in order to consider amend-ment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MS . ESHOO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, first, I want the House to know that this is a bipartisan amendment. This amendment provides a $1 mil-lion increase for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to fund the development and deployment of high-efficiency linear generator technology. Linear generators convert fuel and air into electricity with the same effi-ciency and near zero emissions as the highest performing fuel cells on the market, and they are superior to many legacy fuel cells. But instead of using an electrochemical process like fuel cells, linear generators use an electromechanical process that relies on only two moving parts and no oil, which reduces capital and maintenance costs and results in a life span of three to four times greater than a traditional fuel cell. Equally as important, linear genera-tors are dispatchable and can provide electricity even when the electricity grid is down. This is especially valu-able in areas recently hit by hurricanes like Puerto Rico and Houston, Texas, and other extreme weather events like last year’s wildfires in northern Cali-fornia. Linear generators also provide resil-ient baseload power, which eliminates the need for expensive, unreliable, and dirty diesel back-up generators. At its heart, this amendment is about investing in the future of energy production, and it is about laying the groundwork for the innovators in our country to do what they do best: out-perform the status quo and outcompete the rest of the world. The United States has been a global leader in the development of energy ef-ficiency technology, reducing energy costs and increasing reliability for con-sumers. But we are in danger of falling behind our foreign competitors. Mr. Chairman, linear generator tech-nology was born in my Silicon Valley district by some of the best and the brightest minds from Stanford Univer-sity. And although this technology is substantially similar to fuel cells, it faces an uphill battle and an uneven playing field in bringing these products to market, despite the many benefits of the technology itself. b2200 This amendment will ensure that the Fuel Cell Technologies Office at the DOE invests in the next generation of fuel cell technologies and maintains U.S. leadership in this critical field. Mr. Chair, it is nice not to have any opposition, so I urge my colleagues to support the next generation of fuel cell technologies and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bi-partisan amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
PERLMUTTER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.079 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4965 June 7, 2018 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chair, I offer a simple amendment today to in-crease funding for DOE’s Energy Effi-ciency and Renewable Energy’s facili-ties and infrastructure account by $5 million. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the chairman and ranking member of the Energy and Water Subcommittee for their support of the facilities account over the last few years. As Chairman H
ULTGREN knows, I rep-resent Golden, Colorado, and the Na-tional Renewable Energy Laboratory. NREL is the premier energy efficiency and renewable energy lab in the world. For more than 40 years, NREL has led the charge in research and design of re-newable energy products affecting the way we utilize and secure American en-ergy. Labs like NREL are working to bring life-changing technological inno-vations to the market so we can better power our Nation and reduce costs for our customers. The facilities account supports NREL by funding operation of the Energy Systems Integration Facility, general operations, safety and security of the lab, as well as maintenance and re-placement of infrastructure and equip-ment at NREL. This is the account that enables NREL to focus its re-search dollars directly into new re-search and technologies. The bill in front of us today makes significant investments in infrastruc-ture and equipment at many of DOE’s other 16 national labs, including through the Office of Science. NREL has those same needs for modest in-vestments in new equipment to stay on the cutting-edge and avoid losing American leadership in materials, re-search, high-performance computer modeling, and more. Congress has supported DOE’s na-tional labs and science activities very well in the last 2 years, yet EERE’s fa-cilities account has remained flat. This $5 million increase is needed this year to fund a growing list of equipment and maintenance needs at NREL, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. It takes $5 million from the adminis-tration account and adds $5 million to the facilities account. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The bill provides $92 million for the facilities and infrastructure program within the EERE account. That level fully funds operation and maintenance activities at NREL and is the same amount as was appropriated last year. In light of EERE being reduced by $243 million compared to last year’s level, I would say that the bill contains very strong support for NREL’s oper-ations and maintenance activities. This amendment goes too far in in-creasing an account that already has strong support. Additionally, I am concerned that the amendment would have unintended consequences in taking away strategic funding from the departmental admin-istration account. Mr. Chair, for these reasons, I must oppose the amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. The facilities account at NREL has been held flat. We need to boost and improve some of the equipment there. So I think this is a needed amendment, and I would ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . HASTINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 22, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 24, line 3, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(reduced by $7,666,667)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Chair, let me say at the outset to the chairman and ranking member, that I do not intend to ask for a recorded vote on this meas-ure. I thought earlier today that I would withdraw the amendment, but in light of the fact that we are here in the middle of the night, I decided I may as well make my point. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase funding for cybersecurity of the electric power grid by $5 million, offset by reductions in fossil energy re-search and development. Like almost everyone in this body, I am deeply concerned about the cyber-security of our Nation’s electric power grid. I don’t know how many of you know that yesterday there was a major out-age—that hadn’t reached the news, for some reason—of the Comcast telephone network. I don’t think there was any-thing untoward with reference to it, at least it hadn’t been reported. The mere fact is that we are more re-liant than ever on this Nation’s power grid to provide electricity to the mas-sive amount of technologies that con-tribute to our country every single sec-ond: cellular communications equip-ment; heating and cooling to our work-places—especially cooling in this par-ticular workplace that seems to be overused, in my opinion—and homes; lights to guide us at night on high-ways; and on and on. While we have never been more de-pendent on electricity, our electric en-ergy grid has never been as vulnerable as it is today. With the rise of nation-state-sup-ported computer hackers in countries like Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, and the rogue hackers, the computers that control our power networks are increasingly seen as the most impactful targets for those who wish to do us harm. Outages from such attacks will cause harm not only to our national security, but our economic stability as well. They will hurt, to name just a few, hos-pitals, banks, factories, financial net-works, water systems, telecommuni-cations, and military bases. I believe that we must work with those who operate our grid to give them the tools they need to detect and prevent malicious actors from causing damage to our electric system and crit-ical infrastructure. This funding of $5 million that I would request, and will again some-where, is just a fraction of what is needed, but it sends a signal at least that we are serious about addressing this vulnerability, and that is my pur-pose here this evening. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I agree with everything the gentleman just said, but I disagree with the amend-ment. Everything he said is absolutely accurate. My colleague’s amendment would in-crease funding for the Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency Re-sponse, or CESER, account, by using the Fossil Energy account as an offset. I share my colleague’s support for the important work funded by the CESER account, and the underlying bill reflects that support. In fact, the CESER account was provided an in-crease of $50 million over last year’s level. That is a 52 percent increase in this bill. Put another way, that is the single largest percentage increase in any account in this bill. I support the CESER account and ef-forts to enhance the cybersecurity and resilience of our electrical grid. That is why the bill provides the highest level of funding these research and develop-ment activities have ever had. However, my colleague’s amendment would take away funds from other im-portant research and development ac-tivities. The Fossil Energy account focuses on research and development activities that ensure the Nation is using its abundant natural resources as safely, cleanly, and efficiently as possible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.203 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4966 June 7, 2018 
Targeted increases to the Fossil En-ergy account support technological ad-vances in carbon capture, carbon stor-age, and advanced energy generation technologies. Cuts to the Fossil Energy account threaten these innovations. In light of the robust support for the CESER account in the underlying bill and the unintended consequences this amendment may have on the Fossil En-ergy account, I must oppose the amendment, but I will tell my col-league that I look forward to working with him to address this concern that ought to concern all of us. Cybersecurity is a huge issue, and I think it is going to be one of the big-gest things we face in the coming years. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair under-stands that amendment No. 6 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
ALABAMA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 33, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $24,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $24,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman S
IMPSON and Rank-ing Member K
APTUR and all their sub-committee colleagues for, again, put-ting together a strong Energy and Water appropriations bill this year. As the chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, I know how cru-cial that bill is to our national defense. The Atomic Energy Defense activi-ties funded by this bill and authorized by the NDAA are critical to our nu-clear deterrent, and that nuclear deter-rent is not just the warheads and mis-siles over in DOD; it is also the people, capabilities, and infrastructure in DOE. Together, they comprise our nu-clear deterrent. My amendment would align a key as-pect of this appropriations bill related to DOE’s nuclear weapons infrastruc-ture with the fiscal year 2019 NDAA that the House passed 2 weeks ago by a bipartisan vote of 351–66. My amendment provides $24 million in funding to the Material Staging Fa-cility project, which will enable huge security improvements, operational ef-ficiencies, and billions in long-term cost savings at the Pantex plant in Texas. This project was initiated in the fis-cal year 2018 NDAA and fiscal year 2018 omnibus appropriations bill, because Congress recognized its importance. My amendment would ensure that this project stays on track and align with its fiscal year 2019 appropriation and with the fiscal year 2019 NDAA au-thorization. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting what they have already supported in the NDAA and vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Idaho is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman for his support for and active lobbying for the weapons activities that are so vital to our coun-try. He makes sure that we do our job here. Mr. Chair, I have no problem with the amendment, and hope it will pass. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A, before the short title, insert the following: S
EC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Corps of Engi-neers-Civil—Construction’’, and increasing the amount made available for the same ac-count, by $100,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, again, I offer my appreciation both to the Rules Committee and to the chair-man and ranking member. This is to emphasize the need for funding in the Army Corps of Engi-neers. It is an amendment that in-creases and decreases by $100 million, with the focus on the construction ac-count. I hold up examples of construction projects that are necessary, not only in the Gulf region, but projects that are necessary across the Nation. b2215 That is, of course, dams, reservoirs, reservoir pools, and other areas that can be devastated by disaster. And so this amendment is to emphasize the Army Corps of Engineers construction account, particularly dealing with the need for repair to river and harbor, flood and storm damage, shore protec-tion, aquatic ecosystem restoration and, as well, to include the need to deal with our ports. So my amendment is, again, to re-flect on the devastation of the storm that occurred over the last year. With the prediction of 14 storms coming in 2018, approximately five or so to be of monumental impact and hitting the Gulf Region, it is imperative that the Army Corps of Engineers move on their construction account and move on their construction projects to avoid some of the disaster that we have al-ready experienced. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. In concluding, let me emphasize the Port of Houston, which truly needs the Army Corps of Engineers’ efforts, par-ticularly in dredging. We are a man-made port. That is a very important aspect of our work, and that is con-struction work. The Port of Houston today is oper-ating with draft restrictions that may last a year or longer. Draft restrictions are adding costs to oil and gas and pe-trochemical operations, which are passed on to wholesalers, who pass these costs to consumers at the pump. It is also well known that the work that the Army Corps of Engineers does in respect to repair helps the environ-ment. So again, I ask my colleagues to support the amendment, what is a focus on the Army Corps of Engineers’ construction account, but I would like to make the additional point that we, in the region, need an expedited utili-zation of those dollars to fix the re-pairs, prepare us for oncoming poten-tial disasters not only in my particular State, but across the region. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:50 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.205 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4967 June 7, 2018 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce the cri-teria of abandonment described in provision G of provision V of the rule published in the Federal Register at 58 Fed. Reg. 45008 (relat-ing to Clean Water Act Regulatory Pro-grams). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment today aims to protect pri-vate property rights of farmers and ranchers by upholding the long-standing policy of ‘‘once a PCC, always a PCC,’’ otherwise known as a prior converted cropland. There are over 53 million acres of prior converted cropland throughout the country, and for more than 30 years, both Congress and the adminis-tration have clearly stipulated these lands were not waters of the United States. These are lands that have been previously cleared, drained, or other-wise altered and operated for decades of farming activity. They do not have the same geographical values as a wet-land and should not be regulated as such. This view was further reinforced by the Clinton administration in its 1993 wetlands plan, specifically exempting prior converted cropland from this reg-ulation. This should apply regardless of any change in use, including agri-culture back to non-agriculture use. However, in recent years, the EPA and Army Corps have used a creative interpretation of their abandonment criteria to regulate prior converted cropland, massively devaluing farm-land that had been previously con-verted from wetlands for the purpose of agriculture decades before. We have already seen this in a num-ber of cases, where the EPA presumes cropland is under their jurisdiction un-less the property owner proves other-wise, either through lengthy and ex-pensive soil testing or by taking land out of production and fallowing it for years. If this rule continues, there is no ob-stacle to prevent agencies from apply-ing this more broadly, including to any project in the U.S. being planned on prior converted croplands actively used for agriculture production. Furthermore, this regulation has set a terrible precedent by being authored in the Federal Register, where there is no public comment or review period. My amendment seeks to unify the policy of the United States Department of Agriculture on prior converted crop-land with the EPA, and, indeed, once it is a prior cropland, it is always a prior cropland, regardless of its use. By unifying these policies, this amendment will ensure that all prior converted croplands that are exempt will remain protected from overregula-tion and reinterpretation of the Army Corps and EPA. My amendment will not force wet-lands back into agricultural lands. It will not prevent any current wetlands from being regulated as wetlands. This simply says that the land we have al-ready converted away from wetlands will stay that way, not be unfairly reg-ulated under the intent of Congress when this legislation was originally passed. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, essen-tially, the LaMalfa amendment would prohibit funds from being used to en-force the criteria for abandoned prior converted cropland. Currently, if land categorized as prior converted cropland has not been used for agricultural pur-poses for 5 consecutive years, if the owner of that land wanted to fill or dredge it, they would need to get a sec-tion 404 permit from the Corps, and those are generally wetlands. So this amendment would basically create a ‘‘once exempted from having to get a Section 404 permit, always ex-empted’’ standard, overturning 35 years of Federal policy. The amendment makes a significant change to the Clean Water Act regula-tions, one that deserves thoughtful consideration. Under current law and regulation, activities that convert wet-lands that occur as a part of existing ongoing farming, ranching, and silviculture activities do not require section 404 wetlands permits. Let me repeat that for my col-leagues. The Clean Water Act explic-itly exempts certain activities from regulation, including normal agricul-tural activities like plowing fields, planting and harvesting crops, and maintaining irrigation and drainage ditches. The gentleman from California wants to go further than the exemptions al-ready in the law and in the underlying bill. In his view, wetlands should be able to be filled, even when prior con-verted farmland has had no action or indication of actual agricultural use for 5 consecutive years; that is, there has been no cropping, no management, no maintenance activities related to agricultural production. I say to my dear colleague from Cali-fornia, it is hard to understand how prior cropland wouldn’t be abandoned if none of the activities of farming are performed there for 5 consecutive years. I would also like to point out that this specific regulation has been on the books for 35 years; yet this amendment would overturn at least 35 years of pol-icy to create a ‘‘once exempted, always exempted’’ standard for any land that was ever used as farmland. Now, let me tell you, additionally, why this concerns me. According to the Ohio—my home State—Environmental Protection Agency, since the late 18th century, 90 percent of Ohio’s wetland resources have been destroyed or de-graded through draining, filling, or other modification. Because of the val-uable functions the remaining wetlands perform, including filtration to adjoin-ing lakes and streams, it is imperative to ensure that all impacts to wetlands are properly mitigated. Wetlands help filter impurities from water. Sediment settles out the runoff, and contaminants bind to plant sur-faces in wetlands, resulting in im-proved water quality. Wetlands per-form other valuable functions, includ-ing reducing flood flow and shoreline erosion control. In Ohio, we also depend upon our wetlands as a haven for rare and endan-gered plants, and one-third of all the endangered species depend on wetlands for survival; and many wetlands are important fish spawning and nursery areas, as well as nesting, resting, and feeding areas for waterfowl. So we should make certain that any changes we make to wetlands policy that may result in the destruction of these important ecological areas are evaluated carefully and that we not overturn decades-old policy lightly. It is for these reasons that I must re-spectfully oppose the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do so as well. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, this amendment simply reiterates that the long-held policy that prior converted— and these are key words, ‘‘prior con-verted croplands’’—all these prior con-verted croplands were done over 30 years ago before laws were changed to prevent such activity of converting wetlands. Every intent of Congress, and even the Clinton administration, worked to clarify that you cannot use the Clean Water Act. Indeed, you talk about 40 years’ worth of policy. It has only been in re-cent years that a more aggressive rein-terpretation of policy by Army Corps and EPA has started coming after peo-ple requiring 404 permits if they choose to do something different with their own private land after 5 years. This is affecting people in my own district, and they are losing million- dollar lawsuits because of this reinter-pretation, not one set up by Congress when the original legislation was passed. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, this amendment does not prevent any cur-rent regulations on current wetlands. Again, it goes after the aggressive rule-making that EPA, with their cohorts in the Army Corps, have put upon land-owners and farmers and ranchers in more recent years. So, if we sit back and watch bureau-crats attempt to gain control over every ditch, puddle, and pond they can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.092 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4968 June 7, 2018 
get their hands on, then we are in a bad way in agriculture and, as well, the sa-cred private property rights our coun-try is founded on. It is a major threat to the livelihood of ag and rural Amer-ica. So, again, the intent here is not to roll back any current wetlands but simply to allow people, if they want to make crop changes, they want to make decisions on their land that they are paying the property tax on, they are paying the mortgage on, if they want to change their use of the land, they should have that right in the United States of America and not have to get permission for something that has been—the key words here—prior con-verted under the law. Mr. Chairman, I ask for ‘‘aye’’ votes of this body, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . GOHMERT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prepare, propose, or promulgate any regulation or guidance that references or relies on the analysis con-tained in— (1) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Anal-ysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Government, in February 2010; (2) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in May 2013 and revised in November 2013; (3) ‘‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change in NEPA Reviews’’, pub-lished by the Council on Environmental Quality on December 24, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 77801); (4) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in July 2015; (5) ‘‘Addendum to the Technical Support Document on Social Cost of Carbon for Regu-latory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866: Application of the Methodology to Estimate the Social Cost of Methane and the Social Cost of Nitrous Oxide’’, published by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Government, in August 2016; or (6) ‘‘Technical Support Document: Tech-nical Update of the Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Govern-ment, in August 2016. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Chairman, the amendment prohibits the use of funds to prepare, propose, or promulgate any regulation or guidance related to the social cost of carbon. Social cost of carbon metric was a tool, and is a tool, used to bolster many Obama-era regulations. They supposedly targeted vague, ambiguous, and unverifiable costs. In an article this week, The Wall Street Journal points out that by in-troducing ‘‘social costs’’ and ‘‘social benefits,’’ the EPA began factoring in speculation about how regulatory inac-tion would affect everything from ris-ing sea levels to pediatric asthma, EPA optimists even including their guesses about how domestic relationships could have a global impact. Meanwhile, the Agency ignored the best practices from the Office of Man-agement and Budget, juking the num-bers to raise the cost of carbon emis-sions. This proved as politically useful as it was scientifically imprecise. Months before introducing the Clean Power Plan, the EPA suddenly raised these social costs of a ton of carbon emissions to an average of $36 from $21, completely unverifiable. b2230 Now, the regulatory specifics will be hashed out in coming months, but there is really potential here to curb the distortions that mask bad policy. If Mr. Pruitt succeeds, future cost- benefit analyses will be more con-sistent and transparent. The reform would help to ensure regulation is based on sound, scientific analysis in-stead of wishful bureaucratic thinking. Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, this is ultimately a tax on the Nation’s poor. The rich, they can handle these added, superfluous costs that come out of the nebulous areas of bureaucrats’ minds, but the real ultimate cost is actually to the Nation’s poor. I can’t help but go back to a woman, an elderly lady that lived outside of Carthage, Texas, that said: ‘‘You know, I keep having these costs go up and up and up. I am afraid I am going to end up in my home going back to a wood- burning stove because of the Federal Government.’’ And I said: ‘‘I really hate to be the one to break this to you, but your wood-burning stove you used when you were growing up that your mama used probably wouldn’t be allowed today.’’ Anyway, there is no reason to have this kind of cost, and I would urge a passing of this amendment. Let’s quit adding nebulous, unverifiable costs. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I have to oppose my good friend Mr. G
OHMERT on this amendment. The gentleman actually wants to prohibit funds from being used to im-plement any activities regarding the social costs of carbon. And this amend-ment tells the Department of Energy to ignore the latest meteorological data and changes dealing with weather science. And the amendment denies that carbon pollution is harmful. Ac-cording to this amendment, the cost of carbon pollution is zero. I remember my first trip to New York City after I graduated from col-lege. Thank goodness it has changed. I had a pink blouse on. By the time I fin-ished the first afternoon, it was so full of gray spots I hardly recognized it. And I didn’t know what it was. Well, it was carbon. It was fallout from the chimneys and so forth in New York City. So we know that carbon has impacts. This amendment is tantamount to say-ing that weather changes and climate change have no cost and no one will get hurt. Well, that simply isn’t true. Tell that to citizens in Puerto Rico who lost businesses, homes, and loved ones after Hurricane Maria, that there is no cost from weather changes. Last year’s devastating hurricane season resulted in Puerto Ricans still without power 9 months later, almost 5,000 lives lost, and almost 200,000 peo-ple displaced from their homes. House Republicans can vote for this amendment, they can try to block the Department of Energy from recog-nizing the damage caused by climate changes, but they can’t overturn the laws of nature. I am amazed in my part of the coun-try how much water is coming down now, spring rains at such fierce levels. The way they come, it is very different from when I was first growing up there. So, in the National Climate Assess-ment, our Nation’s leading climate sci-entists reiterated what we have known for years: Climate change is real, evi-denced by the climate-related indica-tors we have observed, including longer seasons, extreme droughts, and sea level rise. The amendment tells the Department to ignore these scientific findings. That is irresponsible and a blatant disregard to the well-being and security of our great Nation, not just now but into the future. The truth is that unchecked climate change would have catastrophic im-pacts here in the United States and across the globe. They are already starting. Those who are less fortunate will face the heaviest impact. I remember going down to New Orleans and seeing the Ninth Ward. The poorest people in New Orleans lived in the Ninth Ward, and it was the most dangerous place to live. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.213 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4969 June 7, 2018 
While claiming that climate change has no cost, House Republicans and the Trump administration seem to be argu-ing that they are the champions of the working class, decrying the critical EPA safeguards and their alleged im-pacts on working-class Americans and their access to healthcare. It is amazing to look at maps of where trees exist. Many times in cities across this country, where the poorest people live there are no trees. And there is a direct relationship between asthma, the lack of oxygen, and trees. So you don’t have to pay attention to the science, but it is pretty clear. I think it is outrageous that the op-position party has the nerve to pose as the defenders of working-class Ameri-cans because, actually, you have a pretty poor record of defending those who are the poorest, ranging from dropping food stamps, to the GOP tax scam selling out Medicare and Med-icaid to pay for corporate tax breaks, to Republican Governors deciding not to approve the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act and now trying to get rid of people on insurance who have preexisting conditions, to failing to quickly provide funding re-sources and the necessary leadership to help the victims of last fall’s hurri-canes. The evidence is all out there if any-body cares to look. But to hear you tell the story, the only way to protect the health of America’s workers and their children is to weaken longstanding public health protections. To say we should allow polluters to pollute more? That is nonsense. More air and water pollution won’t make our Nation’s citizens any healthier. More toxic pollution certainly isn’t the an-swer. And the answer certainly isn’t pretending that climate change won’t have real costs to all Americans. I was interested to hear tonight some of our colleagues from New Mexico telling about how very, very dry New Mexico is, with one of the shortest snowfalls in history. So it is time to stop denying the science and accept reality: Climate change is occurring, it is caused by hu-mans, and it is already causing serious damage. We are at the beginning of a new hur-ricane season, and now is not the time to pretend that extreme weather events, rising seas, and more frequent storms do not have a cost. Before the Trump administration abandoned common sense, the social cost of carbon was a very conservative calculation. The full costs of a rapidly changing climate are almost certainly significantly higher, but the social cost of carbon is a much, much better esti-mate than assuming the costs are zero. Unfortunately, that is what this amendment would require the govern-ment to assume: zero harm and zero cost from carbon pollution and climate change. So I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. Pretending climate change doesn’t exist won’t make it go away. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Chairman, I real-ly have such great respect for my friend across the aisle, and I do truly mean that. But when I hear talk about what Republicans did to our Nation’s poor and our seniors, I keep coming back to the ObamaCare vote, without a single one of the Republicans voting for that bill. Democrats have to take full credit. They passed it without a single Republican vote and cut $716 bil-lion out of the healthcare of seniors. Now, President Obama told them: Seniors, you don’t have to worry. It will only come out of the pockets of the rich, greedy doctors. Well, what our folks have found out is that is not the case at all. It has af-fected the elderly completely. It has been a real problem for them, because what they have seen is that, actually, if their healthcare provider doesn’t get paid, they don’t get their healthcare. So I would just like to say again, I need to urge people to vote for this amendment. Making our Nation’s poor pay for ambiguous, unverified costs and saying we are somehow making the world better while they are making the poor poorer is absolutely unsubstantiatable, and I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. The Chair understands that amend-ment No. 11 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 64, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $250,000)’’. Page 68, line 5, after the dollar amount, in-sert ‘‘(increased by $250,000)’’. Page 68, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $250,000)’’. Page 78, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $250,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, this is a bipartisan amendment. It is very sim-ple. It would expand the House Wound-ed Warrior Fellowship Program so that more wounded servicemembers have the opportunity to continue serving our country by working in congres-sional offices. We need more veterans in public service. They bring unique perspectives and experiences, unlike any other. The veterans that I have been fortunate enough to hire in my office have given me invaluable support and allowed me to consider issues that are important to veterans in an important and much more enlightened fashion. Their voices are important in this body, more now than ever. By investing in the Wounded Warrior Fellowship Program, more veterans will get a chance to serve. Expanding this program will enhance the profes-sional development opportunities for those fellows. We in Congress do talk a lot about ways to help veterans transition fol-lowing their service in the military. This is an opportunity for us to actu-ally do something about that and model what we think all employers ought to be doing. It is a simple way to expand opportu-nities for veterans. It increases the number of veterans in public service. Again, in my office, I have benefited greatly from the veterans that I have hired. It is a bipartisan effort to con-tinue to expand this program. I ask my colleagues to pass this amendment. It is a small way to not only improve the function of our own offices but also say thanks to the brave men and women who have given so much for the freedom that we all enjoy. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the gentleman for his amendment. We are pleased to ac-cept it. This is a remarkable program, and we want to honor those who serve and allow them to serve with us in a further capacity. I wanted to commend the gentleman. I believe we have about 110 serving in congressional offices, and this will pro-vide additional opportunities to some remarkable young men and women. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
CONNECTICUT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.216 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4970 June 7, 2018 
Page 64, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. Page 66, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. Page 67, line 13, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. Page 79, line 5, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $500,000)’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-man, I rise in support of my amend-ment, which would allocate an addi-tional $500,000 to the Office of Em-ployee Assistance under the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. The Office of Employee Assistance provides valuable services for Members of Congress and their staff. Unfortu-nately, this office is grossly under-staffed. Currently, there are 6 staff in the Office of Employee Assistance to serve the 435 Members of Congress and their staff, a total of over 9,000 House employees. How could a staff of 6 possibly meet the needs of over 9,000 employees? No company, no State or Federal agency would have an employee assistance staff of 6 to serve 9,000 employees. Nei-ther should the House of Representa-tives. Managing a team of people and cre-ating a positive workforce culture is a unique skill and challenging work. Managing people requires many skills, such as leadership, good communica-tion, interpersonal skills, humility, and a good sense of humor. b2245 Members of Congress and office su-pervisors such as chiefs of staff and leg-islative directors need additional re-sources to help them develop the skills to successfully lead their teams, estab-lish a strong office culture, and make this House of Representatives a better place to work. Members of Congress have diverse backgrounds, levels of education, and work experience, as well as varying levels of comfort managing employees. We are elected to be great leaders, but in order to be effective and to be role models, we must also be great bosses. New and tenured Members of Con-gress would greatly benefit from more knowledge and support when it comes to successfully organizing their teams, hiring new employees, disciplining and evaluating staff, and handling employ-ment complaints, including sexual har-assment. The Office of Employee As-sistance can and should be empowered to provide this support to every Mem-ber of Congress and all their staff. Chiefs of staff and legislative direc-tors need the resources necessary to help them develop their supervisory skills and to succeed as managers. Chiefs of Staff and legislative directors are key to creating and maintaining a positive workplace culture and a pro-fessional office setting. The quality of their training shapes the culture of our offices. I don’t claim to be an expert in this area. In fact, before I became a Member of Congress, I had very little experi-ence as an employer, much less as a manager of 20 employees in two sepa-rate offices in two different parts of the country. Like all new Members, I was focused on doing what I was elected to do: helping the people of my district and working on issues important to them. I know now that I would have benefited as a new Member from more training and awareness of resources to assist me and my senior staff with run-ning an effective and supportive office. At a time when this Congress rightly is being called upon to seriously ad-dress longstanding issues of sexual har-assment in our workplace, we have an obligation to provide better resources to our colleagues and to our staff. Mak-ing more funds available to the Office of Employee Assistance is an impor-tant step for us to take in that effort. Our dedicated staff deserves better. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-tlewoman yield? Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We would be very pleased to accept the gentle-woman’s amendment. We commend the gentlewoman for her effort. We also commend the effort of those who work in this office dealing with many, many hundreds of cases. We are pleased to ac-cept the amendment. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Again, they do heroic work, and they do im-portant work. There aren’t enough of them. I am hopeful for the support. I thank the gentleman for his sup-port. I think this is a very important amendment for us to adopt to dem-onstrate our commitment to do better for all of our staff and to be leaders, not followers, in this effort for a sup-portive and inclusive workplace. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to enforce the amendment made by section 1501(d) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–68; 123 Stat. 2041). The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, initi-ating an independent counsel inves-tigation comes with many political and constitutional challenges. These individuals were vested with full power and independent authority to exercise all investigative and pros-ecutorial functions and powers of the Department of Justice with respect to matters within their jurisdiction. When the independent counsel stat-ute was reauthorized in 1994, an amend-ment was made to the law requiring the Government Accountability Office to conduct periodic audits of inde-pendent counsel expenditures. This amendment gave Congress the ability to audit any and all independent coun-sel expenses and investigate how those taxpayer dollars were spent. This is an important procedure that was repealed in 2010, and it is time Con-gress act to restore this key oversight provision. My amendment reestab-lishes the semiannual Government Ac-countability Office financial review of obligated expenditures from the inde-pendent counsel and requires the re-port’s findings to be submitted to Con-gress. While the work of an independent counsel is indeed important, it is just as important that we properly take ac-count of where the hardworking Amer-ican taxpayers’ dollars go. So to ensure this accountability, I want to urge the passage of this amendment. I want to take one personal privilege of thanking the fine work of Chad Yelinski. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chair, I un-derstand that Mr. M
EADOWS offers this amendment to try to attack Special Counsel Mueller and his team to imply that there is some sort of impropriety going on here with the Russian inves-tigation. Of course, these improprieties aren’t with the special counsel, Mr. Chair; the problems are with Russia and the peo-ple in our country, our political sys-tem, and our current administration who repeatedly communicated and met with Russian operatives during the Presidential campaign. But trying to muddy the waters by going after the integrity of the investigators is a clas-sic tactic used by the people who feel threatened by an investigation because they know they have been caught. The bottom line is the way this amendment is drafted, it doesn’t do anything. It says that no funds in the bill can be used to ‘‘enforce’’ a repeal of the provision of law that happened a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.099 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4971 June 7, 2018 
decade ago. Not enforcing a repeal is not the same as reinstating the provi-sion that was repealed. This amendment was drafted in this tortured fashion to avoid violating the rules of the House that prohibit legis-lating on an appropriations measure. In any case, there is currently no inde-pendent counsel. Robert Mueller is a special counsel, and neither he nor the GAO would be affected if this amend-ment became law. Let me just suggest, Mr. Chair, that if people in this town are interested in ending this situation that we have going on, I would suggest that maybe the President of the United States call up Mr. Mueller, go and clear the air, tell the truth, say what he has to say, and let’s move on as a country. For those reasons, I oppose the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, I find it very interesting that the gentleman opposite would claim to know my mo-tives in that he has not talked to me about it. I also find it very ironic that the gen-tleman makes the argument that my amendment does absolutely nothing and yet opposes it. So, indeed, if it does nothing, then I can’t find any reason why he wouldn’t support it. So, Mr. Chairman, I would certainly urge the adoption of my amendment, and being the late hour that it is, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chair, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. lll. There is appropriated, for sala-ries and expenses of the Office of Technology Assessment as authorized by the Technology Assessment Act of 1972 (2 U.S.C. 471 et seq.) $2,500,000, to be derived from a reduction of $3,463,000 in the amount provided in this Act for the item for ‘‘Architect of the Capitol, Capital Construction and Operations’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment, which would restore funding to the Office of Technology As-sessment, or OTA. I would like to thank Representa-tives FOSTER , E STY, D ELANEY , L AN-
GEVIN , LIEU, and L UJA´Nfor offering this amendment with me. The foundation for good policy is ac-curate and objective analysis, and for more than two decades, the OTA set that foundation by providing relevant and unbiased technical and scientific assessments for Members of Congress and staff. In 1995, the OTA was defunded, stripping Congress of a valu-able resource. Many of the issues OTA studied 20 years ago, like antibiotic-resistant bacteria and electronic surveillance in the digital age, are even more pressing today. Mr. Chair, Congress needs access to unbiased technological expertise to weigh the pros and cons of policy ques-tions surrounding cybersecurity, artifi-cial intelligence, quantum computing, and so many more matters. The recent Facebook hearings made it clear that many Members of Congress struggle to grasp the policy issues surrounding so-cial media and data security. I applaud the chairman and ranking member for including a study in the underlying bill to look into the techno-logical expertise available to Congress. It is an important first step, but it is not enough. Our amendment restores a modest $2.5 million to the OTA account for sal-aries and expenses to begin rebuilding the office. The cost is offset by a reduc-tion to the AOC’s capital construction and operations account. This adminis-trative account will not take resources from specific construction projects. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the amendment to re-store funding to the Office of Tech-nology Assessment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, this amendment would provide funding to re-create a government agency, as the gentleman mentioned, which was defunded in 1995, 23 years ago. Before we re-create an entire gov-ernment agency, I believe the most re-sponsible thing to do is to study the need for such an agency and to identify the best path forward. After receiving dozens of requests ad-vocating for the restoration of this funding, this bill has included, through the work of Chairman Y
ODER —and I am briefly taking his place and have the pleasure of working with Ranking Member R
YAN. We have included in the report ac-companying this bill language direct-ing the Congressional Research Service to engage with the National Academy of Public Administration or a similar entity to produce a report detailing, first of all, the current technology as-sessment resources available to Mem-bers within the Government Account-ability Office, to some extent, which has taken over this responsibility for the last 23 years; also to assess the po-tential need to create a separate enti-ty; and, lastly, are there parts of what are being suggested here already dupli-cative within the available resources and services of the legislative branch? For this reason, I oppose the amend-ment and urge the Members to do so as well. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I yield 11⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for helping me bring this amendment to the floor. We now live in a world where tech-nology has become increasingly impor-tant in our personal lives, in our econ-omy, and in our democracy, but Con-gress is not adequately prepared to lead on the technical issues that could have serious effects on our country’s future. The Office of Technology Assessment would provide Congress with non-partisan reports and realtime advice on issues that require leadership from lawmakers, including data privacy, ar-tificial intelligence, cybersecurity, and others. When it was operating, law-makers used the OTA’s reports to make decisions that save taxpayer money, which is why this amendment received bipartisan support in the past. Before it was defunded, the OTA ad-vised Congress, for example, on the im-portance of interoperability of elec-tronic health records, advice that, had it been acted on, would have saved bil-lions of dollars and thousands of lives. So I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and restore the OTA so Congress, once again, has access to credible and nonpartisan scientific ex-pertise. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, the GAO does most of what these gentlemen are seeking. I think, obvi-ously, they have a certain feeling, and I respect those feelings. I don’t think we need to create an agency, basically the duties of which have been taken, for the last 23 years, by the Govern-ment Accountability Office. Mr. Chairman, I urge the Members to vote against the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. b2300 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN), the ranking member of the committee. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I will brief. I want to lend my support. I think this is a good amendment, a positive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.224 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4972 June 7, 2018 
amendment. Things are moving so quickly in society, we need as much ex-pertise as possible. So I thank the gentleman from Cali-fornia and urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the majority for including the report. I just want to remind the majority also that the OTA was never elimi-nated; it just was defunded. I believe it is time to fund it again. I refer back to the Facebook hearings in the Senate. I think people on both sides of the aisle, liberal and conserv-ative, and think tanks observed that the first branch of government, which is the legislative branch of govern-ment, needs to have the resources and the capacity to do its own independent analysis. That is why I believe so many of my Republican colleagues will support this tomorrow. I hope everyone on both sides of the aisle supports this amend-ment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of division B (before the short title), insert the following: S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase plastic drinking straws. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This amendment, which is an envi-ronmental amendment, would prohibit the House from spending funds to pur-chase plastic drinking straws in our eating areas in the House. Plastic drinking straws are a consid-erable environmental risk to mammals and fish. They are dropped and dis-carded on the streets but particularly in the oceans. And they have had whales show up with 17 pounds of plas-tic in their stomachs and tortoises with straws in their nostrils and all kinds of awful things. It is a threat to sea turtles and all kinds of marine wildlife. This would be an opportunity for us to show the public that we are aware there are cities, restaurant associa-tions, and other groups that are ban-ning straws or at least asking that they be made optional for customers so that they are used or not used, but let the customer make that decision. I think this would be a great thing for the House to do to show that we under-stand this environmental problem. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. COHEN. I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair-man, I would be very pleased to accept the amendment. I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for his forethought and concern, which we also share. Mr. COHEN. Reclaiming my time, I appreciate the chairman and all the work he has done for many, many years in the House, and I appreciate the opportunity to serve with him. And I appreciate the ranking member for his help on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 109, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $32,287,000) (increased by $32,287,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is intended to highlight the lack of urgency by the Air Force to address an ongoing drinking water emergency across the country, includ-ing one in my home district. I am not talking about Flint; I am talking about Oscoda, Michigan, at the northern end of my district, the home of the former Wurtsmith Air Force Base. My constituents living there have had their drinking water contaminated by PFAS, perfluorinated chemicals, from the Air Force’s use of firefighting foam. Exposure to PFAS has been linked to harmful health issues like cancer as well as thyroid, kidney, liver, heart, and reproductive problems. It is not just servicemembers but commu-nity members there. Unfortunately, the more we learn about this dangerous class of chemi-cals, the more we are finding it in drinking water across the country. In my district alone, thousands of people have cancer-causing chemicals in their drinking water due to the Air Force’s use of this material. The Air Force does not seem to want to recognize this ongoing drinking water crisis. I have been pushing the Air Force to clean up the contamina-tion in Oscoda and other communities. In fact, the entire Michigan delegation, Democrats and Republicans, wrote to appropriators asking for more funding for PFAS contamination. While Members are prevented from earmarking legislation to send re-sources directly to clean up contamina-tion in Oscoda, it is an urgent problem that I wanted to call attention to. This community is near this former Air Force Base. It is facing very serious water contamination issues. You would think that the Air Force would request additional resources to clean up contamination, but, frustrat-ingly, the Air Force has so far refused to request additional resources. The Appropriations Committee even asked the Air Force if they needed more money. Let me repeat that. The Appropriations Committee even asked the Air Force if they needed more money to address this problem, but the Air Force responded that they did not need any additional funds. I offer this amendment for the pur-pose of raising the issue. I know that it is not possible for us to designate these funds, so it is my intention to with-draw this. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I am very sympathetic to the gentleman from Michigan’s plight. PFAS chemicals have been found in groundwater and drinking water in Michigan due to their use in fire-fighting foam at former Wurtsmith Air Force Base. In fact, many closed instal-lations across the country have a PFAS problem. For many decades, the Department of Defense used a class of chemicals called PFAS and PFOA in firefighting foam. However, we now know that PFAS is a toxic chemical that has neg-ative health effects on the environ-ment. I would like to work with the gen-tleman from Michigan on this issue to ensure that cleanup costs in his dis-trict are properly addressed in a timely manner, and I look forward to working with him on this issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.227 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4973 June 7, 2018 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from Florida, the ranking member of the subcommittee, for her commitment to work on this. This is a serious issue. I know Con-gress takes it seriously. I just would ask that the Air Force take it equally as seriously and request the funds nec-essary to clean up this really difficult problem. With that, I know that this amend-ment could present some problems in terms of the way this legislation moved forward, but the commitment that I have that this will be getting the attention it deserves from Congress, I think, is important. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time, and I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 109, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer my amendment No. 20 to division C of the Energy and Water Develop-ment Appropriations bill for Military Construction and Veterans Affairs. This amendment is meant to address an issue we have in Ontario, California. However, I expect many of the Mem-bers of this body have experienced it in their own districts at some point. In the Rules Committee hearing last night, I referred to this amendment as giving the Secretary of Defense the ability to finish the job, and that is precisely what we should expect from our service branches when they close military bases in our districts during BRAC rounds. Ontario International Airport was the Ontario Air National Guard Sta-tion, which was established in 1949. This facility remained in operation for decades, assisting training and support for the Korean, Vietnam, and countless other wars and conflicts. In 1997, the facility was closed as part of the latest Base Realignment and Closure process. This meant our Armed Services moved out. But instead of the airport being able to use the newly va-cant land, the old site has sat largely unchanged for 20 years due to the envi-ronmental hazards of demolition. When military bases are closed, it can be devastating to our local commu-nities. At the very least, we should ex-pect our service branches to leave our communities in as good or better shape than they found them. In Ontario, California, old Air Force facilities have been left standing at the Ontario International Airport. These abandoned buildings have been over-taken by nature and look like the re-mains of a lost civilization, with trees and animals roaming free at the re-maining site. This valuable but cur-rently unusable space is hindering the growth of the Ontario Airport, and communities around Ontario depend on the airport. My amendment would simply direct the Secretary to make available funds from the existing BRAC funding made available in this legislation to remove these old facilities. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I claim time in opposition, al-though I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I will not oppose this amendment because it does not require DOD to fund anything in particular. I would like to point out that the FY 2019 budget submission for Defense Ap-propriations included $442.9 million for demolition within the facilities sustainment, restoration, and mod-ernization account, double the FY 2018 level. I would like to remind my colleagues that, while there may be a particular interest behind the amendments, these do not direct funding to a particular activity. Our bill does not even fund these activities. For this reason, I will not oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also do not oppose the amendment and find the gentlewoman’s concept in-teresting. It is pretty clear that getting an-other BRAC round is going to be dif-ficult. In response, many services are demolishing facilities that they no longer need using operation and main-tenance funding. As we know, the BRAC account is primarily for environmental cleanup costs associated with closing bases. I would be interested to see if there are any environmental cleanup costs asso-ciated with the demolishing of build-ings. For that reason, I will not oppose the amendment, and I look forward to see-ing the results of the gentlewoman’s idea. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. b2315 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Chairman, the un-derlying bill has funding for BRAC clo-sures. Before we proceed with any new closures, let’s finish the job on the old closures. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 127, line 16, insert after the dollar amount the following: ‘‘of which $2,037,547,400 shall be made available for vocational reha-bilitation and employment programs under chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would provide just over $2 billion to the vocational rehabilitation and employment account. This account invests in programs to help veterans successfully transition to civilian life. Our country has been at war for near-ly two decades. While these conflicts are still ongoing, the number of vet-erans in this country is going to con-tinue to grow. We have to invest in programs that support this generation of veterans as they seek to reintegrate into the civilian workforce. I just want to highlight a couple of important programs in this account. The Special Employer Incentives pro-gram connects veterans with opportu-nities where the VA reimburses the employer for up to half of a veteran’s salary. This is a program that matches veterans with apprenticeships, with the expectation of being hired upon com-pletion. I know from experience that our vet-erans bring unique perspective and skills to the workplace. I have hired, as I have said in previous conversations, multiple veterans working in my of-fice, including a Wounded Warrior fel-low and a HillVets fellow. We should ensure that we are supporting pro-grams that connect veterans with em-ployers. My amendment would also ensure funding for the VA to expand its Vet-erans Economic Communities Initia-tive, a program in which nonprofits and educational institutions build sup-portive networks for veterans. This is exactly the kind of long-term support that we should have had in place years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.231 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4974 June 7, 2018 
ago before launching into these con-flicts. For many Americans, the American Dream is owning your own business and being your own boss. The voca-tional rehabilitation and employment account includes programs that help veterans do just that. The vocational rehabilitation and employment account also includes the VetSuccess on Campus program, which places vocational rehab counselors in partner schools. This amendment would give the VA the opportunity to expand these pro-grams, reaching even more veterans. Unfortunately, as this process has moved forward, we have come to under-stand that the VA would intend to re-duce the account for direct support for tuition and other supplies for veterans under their rights under the GI Bill. I will ask that this amendment be withdrawn, but I want to make sure to make the point that we ought to have a specific carveout for these vocational programs, for these transition pro-grams. It is my hope that, as we move forward, we will be able to work with the VA to be able to identify a source that would not reduce the other bene-fits that are available to veterans seek-ing to better themselves. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw this amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 131, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment to H.R. 5895 to pro-vide $1 million in additional critical funding for the VA to conduct edu-cational outreach to veterans about the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. Our military uses burn pits to elimi-nate tons of waste, including chemi-cals, plastics, medical waste, human waste, computers—you name it—cre-ating giant plumes of black smoke con-taining carcinogens, particulate mat-ter, and other toxins. For years, the Department of Defense used burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan, even while recognizing that exposure to burn pits may pose a health risk to our troops since about the late 1970s. Now veterans all across the country— young veterans in their twenties and thirties—are developing rare and se-vere pulmonary diseases, cancers, and autoimmune diseases despite living healthy lifestyles, being healthy enough to be sent to war, and not hav-ing any other risk factors. This may bring up thoughts of Agent Orange that our Vietnam veterans faced. Burn pits exposure and the nega-tive health outcomes are being de-scribed by our veterans as our modern- day Agent Orange, and we must learn from our past mistakes and act now. For more than a decade, veterans ex-posed to burn pits and their families have been given the runaround to get the care they have earned and deserve and to have their concerns taken seri-ously. My commonsense amendment would provide additional funding for the VA to conduct an educational out-reach campaign on the burn pits reg-istry to ensure more veterans register. The purpose of the registry is to col-lect data from veterans and service-members exposed to burn pits to high-light health patterns and create co-horts for research on the health effects of exposure. Mr. Chair, 3.7 million veterans are el-igible to enroll in the VA burn pit reg-istry; yet, after 4 years, only 144,000 veterans have enrolled. That is only a dismal less than 4 percent enrollment rate. It is clear that more outreach and education must be done to improve awareness about the registry. These additional funds will also im-prove health outcomes by raising awareness for our veterans and their physicians so they can be on the look-out for subtle changes in their health, including respiratory issues, early signs of cancer, or even autoimmune diseases. We have a responsibility to protect our men and women in uniform and veterans from the harmful effects of exposure to burn pits. If there is a high enough suspicion of a severe enough consequence, then we need to act now. The four things we need to do are: One, stop our troops’ exposure to burn pits out on the battlefield; Two, outreach to doctors and vet-erans about the illnesses they may face so they can be vigilant and seek and get the appropriate care; Three, give veterans and service-members the treatment that they have earned and deserve; and Four, simultaneously do the research that is needed to understand the full scope of the dangers associated with exposure to burn pits. By investing in this educational cam-paign about the burn pits registry, my amendment will help tackle two of these fronts by improving outreach to veterans and providing the VA with a larger study sample size to help deter-mine the full scope of the negative health effects linked to exposure. I urge my colleagues, on behalf of Jennifer Kepner, a 39-year-old mother of two who died of pancreatic cancer after being exposed to burn pits, with no other risk factors, in Balad Air Force Base, I urge my colleagues, on behalf of all the others who have died of cancer at a young age and left be-hind families and those who have ac-quired pulmonary fibrosis and perma-nent disabilities who are now requiring oxygen, unable to work, I urge my col-leagues to support my amendment and to take concrete action to help those veterans who have been exposed to burn pits. The health of our veterans must be put above bureaucracy. We must help them get the answers and the healthcare services that they need and deserve now. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, though I do not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, as the gentleman from Cali-fornia said, some veterans have re-ported respiratory issues and other health conditions that they believe are related to their exposure to burn pits. There are studies that provide infor-mation about the health effects related to exposure, but not enough to deter-mine the long-term impacts. In re-sponse, the VA is researching, respon-sibly, the issue and has created the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry for veterans and servicemem-bers. However, many veterans, unfortu-nately, do not know about the burn pit registry. The gentleman from California’s amendment would help bring attention to the registry to get more veterans registered so that, should an issue arise, they can be contacted quickly and receive the care that they have earned. There is no cost to the veteran to participate, and the veteran does not even need to be enrolled in the VA’s healthcare system. The burn pit registry is a tool to help participants become more aware of their health and to identify health con-ditions possibly related to exposure to burn pits and other airborne hazards. But it only works if veterans know to sign up, and the gentleman’s amend-ment will accomplish that. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the chairman and the ranking member and all those who are in support of this spe-cific amendment, who will put our vet-erans above this bureaucracy and give them the care that they need by ex-panding their access to this burn pit registry. I want to, from the bottom of my heart, say thank you. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, this registry is a tool that can be used to identify health con-cerns, guide discussions with a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.236 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4975 June 7, 2018 
healthcare provider, and document de-ployment-related exposures. We need to ensure that the VA is doing all it can to make veterans aware of this reg-istry. It could literally, as the gen-tleman from California pointed out, be the difference between life and death. Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . JOHNSON  
OF OHIO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 131, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chair, my amendment calls on the Department of Veterans Affairs to develop hospice care standards tailored to the unique needs of Vietnam-era combat veterans. As Vietnam veterans grow older, it is imperative that the VA has clear standards in place to care for this group and future veteran populations. By the VA’s own estimate, there are approximately 6.5 million Vietnam vet-erans. These veterans have unique medical and psychological needs which must be identified and addressed, in-cluding lethal diseases associated with Agent Orange exposure and a high prevalence of post-traumatic stress dis-order, depression, and substance abuse. As part of the fiscal year 2018 MILCON–VA Appropriations, Congress directed the VA to submit a report identifying the unique challenges faced by Vietnam veterans receiving special-ized palliative and hospice care and to develop best practices for hospice care specifically tailored to Vietnam vet-erans. Unfortunately, the VA re-sponded with an inadequate two-page report that did not meet the reporting requirements. What the report did state is that there are over 4,000 community hospice care providers maintaining their own resources and training materials. This lack of cohesion indicates that the VA lacks consistent protocols and clear standards for veterans’ hospice care. The report language for this appro-priations bill addresses the VA’s Viet-nam Veterans End-of-Life Care report, calling it woefully inadequate, and re-quires the VA to redo it within 30 days of enactment. However, as it is clear that the VA currently lacks consistent hospice care protocols, I am instead calling on the VA to establish proto-cols that will meet the needs of Viet-nam-era veterans. The VA must act now to implement clear and consistent standards of care for our veterans in need of hospice care. Developing these standards would also be beneficial for Iraq, Afghanistan, and Syria combat veterans in the fu-ture. We have a responsibility to ensure that our Nation’s heroes are receiving the care and benefits they deserve and have earned, and that includes ensur-ing the VA has in place clear hospice care standards and services tailored to the unique needs of these veterans. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I will not oppose the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair, we understand the gentleman’s concerns and will keep them in mind for the con-ference. We have included report lan-guage on the topic in both the 2018 and 2019 reports. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The amendment was agreed to. b2330 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 24 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, as the des-ignee of Mr. C
ARBAJAL , I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 131, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment with my good friend from Santa Barbara, California, Congressman S
ALUD CARBAJAL , to ad-dress an issue impacting veterans that prevents them from accessing healthcare services they have earned and deserve. Right now, veterans calling their community-based outpatient clinics to make an appointment are automati-cally routed to central, busy call cen-ters at major VA medical centers. This makes no sense. This means that veterans end up waiting sometimes more than an hour, especially in CARBAJAL ’s district, to be connected to a scheduler, and that is if they can get through at all. Additionally, some community-based outpatient clinics are not following up with veterans after the initial call at the busy hospital calling center, forc-ing veterans to find transportation to actually travel to the clinic just to make their appointment. As a result, many veterans get fed up and stop pur-suing the care that they need out of frustration and lack of accessibility. Our Nation’s veterans deserve timely access to healthcare services. They should be able to make their medical appointments or at least speak to somebody without having to wait an hour on the phone. This amendment directs the Sec-retary to ensure the VA phone system allows veterans to directly call their local community-based outpatient cen-ters for appointments at those facili-ties, rather than having all calls be routed to the major busy VA medical centers. In short, it would reduce call wait times for veterans in Congressman C
ARBAJAL ’s district, in my district, in your districts, and districts throughout our Nation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, we understand the gentleman’s concerns. We will keep them in mind for conference. We will be interested in learning more about this problem that he identifies. I yield as much time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Providing veterans, Mr. Chairman, with prompt access to care is one goal that all Members of this body share. Call routing at the VA is a very impor-tant issue. We need to ensure that there is a system that meets the expec-tations of veterans and their loved ones. There are numerous VA call center numbers available to veterans who have questions about healthcare bene-fits and other issues, and we must en-sure that calls being made to the VA are prioritized, tracked, and routed to the correct place so that issues are promptly and thoroughly addressed. We do also have, Mr. Chairman, an issue with there being a lot of different phone numbers at the VA, and that in and of itself is also confusing. So I, too, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.239 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4976 June 7, 2018 
look forward to working with both gen-tlemen from California. I appreciate their efforts on this issue. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, wonderful. This is a very easy, commonsense fix to a problem that our veterans face. They wait too long, they get fed up, they are not getting the followup that they need, and all this does is allows them to call the actual place where they need their appointments to schedule an appointment with them. So I would really like to thank Chairman C
ARTER and Ranking Mem-ber W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ for not oppos-ing this amendment and for their sup-port and for their support of veterans in the underlying bill. I would also like to recognize and thank Congressman C
ARBAJAL and his staff for their work, and his efforts to improve the lives of veterans in his dis-trict, in my district, and all of our dis-tricts. I also want to thank my staff for their work on this amendment? I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amend-ment to help ensure veterans have easy access to healthcare benefits that they have earned and deserve, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 131, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $28,872,000) (increased by $28,872,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the underlying leg-islation, H.R. 5895, and urge adoption of my amendment to division C of the bill, Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs Appropriations Act for fiscal year 2019. This amendment would increase critically needed funding for suicide prevention and outreach pro-grams as part of a broader mental health service for our veterans. Veterans make up less than 9 percent of the U.S. population, yet veteran sui-cides account for 18 percent of all sui-cides in America. After adjusting for differences in age and sex, that puts the risk of suicide at 22 percent higher among veterans than for civilian adults, and the suicide rates for female veterans has risen more than 85 per-cent since 2001. This tragic trend is even more egre-gious in my home State of Arizona. Ac-cording to a recent study by Arizona State University Center for Violence Prevention and Community Safety, Ar-izona veterans are nearly four times more likely to take their own lives than nonveterans. This study shows that veterans in Ar-izona committed suicide at a rate of 55 per 100,000, compared to a rate of 14 per 100,000 for nonveterans in Arizona. In my home State, that means veterans are 391 percent more likely to commit suicide than nonveterans—391 percent. Despite these stark and startling sta-tistics, studies and data across the board consistently show that mental health services, and, specifically, sui-cide prevention for veteran popu-lations, continue to go unmet. It is not enough to simply talk about studies and statistics and hope for the best. Lip service will not save lives. For over 500,000 veterans that call Ar-izona home, this can be a life or death issue. Today and every day, on average, 20 veterans took their own lives—20 of my fellow warriors, 20 heroes, 20 loved ones, sons, daughters, mothers, fathers, 20 vets who often survived combating the enemy in conflict, only to come home and take their own lives. Mr. Chairman, this is unacceptable. When they raised their right hand and took an oath that they were willing to defend our freedoms with their lives, we have a covenant that we got their back, and we are going to give them ev-erything that they need. I urge my colleagues, please, to sup-port my amendment and ensure fund-ing for suicide prevention programs is increased and we save their lives. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting Chair. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 min-utes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, the gentlewoman’s concerns about providing adequate funding to address veterans’ mental health needs is shared by every member of our com-mittee. We are pleased that the bill provides $8.6 million for mental health programs, including $196 million for suicide prevention outreach. We will certainly try to maintain these substantial levels in conference. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. According to the Department of Veterans Affairs, the gentlewoman is correct, roughly 20 veterans take their own lives every day in the United States, and it is a very serious problem that we need to address. As the chairman mentioned, the bill provides $8.6 million for mental health programs, and that is actually $6 mil-lion above the budget request. We are very proud of the work that the com-mittee has done. In addition, the $196 million for sui-cide prevention outreach fully funds the veterans’ crisis line, additionally, at $90 million. The bill repeats lan-guage first included in the FY17 act re-quiring the veterans crisis line to pro-vide to individuals who contact them immediate hotline assistance from a trained professional and to adhere to all requirements of the American Asso-ciation of Suicidology. The potential for suicide and making sure that we take care of our veterans who are facing crisis is absolutely crit-ical. I do not oppose the amendment, but I do think it is important to stress that the committee did work to signifi-cantly prioritize this issue, and we ap-preciate the gentlewoman’s attention to it. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their commitment to our vets and to preventing suicide of these warriors, and I urge our colleagues to support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 132, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 131, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase the VA medical services account by $5 million for the purpose of strengthening the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. Burn pits, as you know, Mr. Chair-man, were commonly used on U.S. military sites during the Iraq and Af-ghanistan wars to burn all types of waste—from chemicals, paint, medical waste, and human waste to munitions, petroleum, plastics, and rubber. But, as you know, many members of the mili-tary who were exposed to burn pits are beginning to experience negative health effects from the toxic smoke that they inhaled. And that is why I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.244 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4977 June 7, 2018 
am offering this amendment, to in-crease funding to address and assist those suffering more aggressively and quickly. On May 7, Mr. Chairman, I met with a group of Vermont National Guard members led by Pat Cram, who have been impacted by burn pit exposure. Pat is the wife of Sergeant Major Mike Cram of the Vermont National Guard who died this past December from pros-tate cancer that is believed to be a di-rect result of his exposure to burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan. Sergeant Major Cram first deployed to Iraq in 2004 with a group of MPs from the 42nd Infantry Division of the Vermont National Guard. They joined up with the 278th Tennessee National Guard Calvary in Iraq. All 21 soldiers from this group that deployed together for 18 months returned home to their families safely. But since their safe return, this same group has lost two members from pros-tate cancer and another has been treat-ed for it, and they believe their expo-sure to burn pit toxins is the reason. This group is still close, they stay in touch, their families support each other. I was so inspired to hear about how they have stuck together through-out the years. But those members that have not had the direct health issues that some of their comrades have are now wondering whether they, too, will get sick. This funding would provide resources to the VA to make necessary improve-ments to the registry and prepare for the long-term care for those affected veterans. It would also allow, Mr. Chairman, the VA to hire analysts and epidemiologists who can connect the registry entries to health outcomes, make necessary technological updates to the registry, and increase the fund-ing for essential clinical research. The cost of a war must always in-clude the cost of caring for the warrior, and this critical funding helps to do just that. I want to thank Chairman C
ARTER  and Ranking Member W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ for their attention to this issue and willingness to help. I urge support for my amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting Chair. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 min-utes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, we understand the gentleman’s concerns, and we will keep in mind this concern during our conference. I have heard from veterans in my district about the concerns, and, in fact, sat down with some last weekend, and this was one of their number one concerns. So this has a health impact. These burn pits are something we really need to get into, and we will have this in mind in conference. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Texas, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). The amendment was agreed to. b2345 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . BARR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 131, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 132, line 10, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to increase funding for the VA adaptive sports equine-assisted therapy program by $5 million. This grant program provides much- needed resources for evidence-based equine-assisted therapy that helps treat veterans suffering from unseen psychological wounds such as post- traumatic stress disorder, military sex-ual trauma, and traumatic brain in-jury. Increased funding for equine-as-sisted therapy will greatly improve mental health treatment for our vet-erans. As the chairman of the Congressional Horse Caucus, the representative for the horse capital of the world, and as someone who cares deeply for our vet-erans, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I claim the time in opposition, al-though I am not opposed to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, the bill provides $1 million over the President’s budget request for the Adaptive Sports Grant, ASG, program for equine-assisted therapy, as our 2018 bill did also. We understand the gentleman’s con-cern in further increasing this funding and will keep it in mind during con-ference. In my congressional district, we also have equine therapy, and I am very fa-miliar with it. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Adaptive sports promotes the reha-bilitation of disabled military service veterans. This is a vital program that allows veterans with disabilities to participate in physical activity, includ-ing those with mental health issues, within their home communities, as well as more advanced paralympic and adaptive sports programs at the re-gional and national levels. Mr. Chairman, the committee is a strong supporter of this program. In fact, the bill provides $17.8 million for the National Veterans Sports Program. I appreciate the gentleman addressing this issue today, and I support this amendment. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I move that the committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
ARR) having assumed the chair, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropria-tions for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 2377. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. S. 2734. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. S. 2857. An act to designate the Nordic Mu-seum in Seattle, Washington, as the ‘‘Na-tional Nordic Museums’’, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 3249. An act to authorize the project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN7.248 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4978 June 7, 2018 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported and found truly en-rolled bills of the House of the fol-lowing titles, which were thereupon signed by the speaker pro tempore, Mr. M
ITCHELL : 
H.R. 1397. An act to authorize, direct, fa-cilitate the transfer of administrative juris-diction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes. H.R. 1719. An act to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to acquire approxi-mately 44 acres of land in Martinez, Cali-fornia, for inclusion in the John Muir Na-tional Historic Site, and for other purposes. H.R. 1900. An act to designate the Veterans Memorial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum, and for other purposes. H.R. 2772. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements re-lating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, June 8, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5053. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting a certification regard-ing the Integrated Defensive Electronic Countermeasures Program, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2433a(b); Public Law 111-23, Sec. 206(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 111-383, Sec. 1075(b)(35)); (124 Stat. 4371); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 5054. A letter from the Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting the 2018 Report to Con-gress on Sustainable Ranges, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 113 note; Public Law 107-314, 366(a)(5); (116 Stat. 2522); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5055. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s an-nual report on material violations or sus-pected material violations of regulations re-lating to Treasury auctions and other Treas-ury securities offerings during the period January 1, 2017, through December 31, 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 103-202, Sec. 202(d)(1); (107 Stat. 2358); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5056. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Qualified Financial Contracts Recordkeeping Related to Orderly Liquida-tion Authority (RIN: 1505-AC57) received May 31, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5057. A letter from the Chair of the Board and Director, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting the Corporation’s FY 2017 actuarial evaluation of the expected op-erations and status of the PBGC funds, pur-suant to 29 U.S.C. 1308; Public Law 93-406, Sec. 4008 (as amended by Public Law 109-280, Sec. 412); (120 Stat. 936); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5058. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Inter-est Assumptions for Paying Benefits received June 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 5059. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Office of Electricity, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s 2017 report titled ‘‘Economic Dispatch and Techno-logical Change’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 16432(c); Public Law 109-58, Sec. 1234(c); (119 Stat. 960) and 42 U.S.C. 16524(c); Public Law 109-58, Sec. 1832(c); (119 Stat. 1138); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5060. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s delegation of authority — Delegation of Authority to the States of Iowa; Kansas; Missouri; Nebraska; Lincoln-Lancaster County, NE; and City of Omaha, NE, for New Source Performance Standards (NSPS), Na-tional Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAP) Including Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) Standards [EPA-R07-OAR-2018-0021; FRL- 9978-80-Region 7] received May 30, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5061. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Defensin Proteins Derived from Spinach in Citrus Plants; Temporary Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2018-0040; FRL-9977-62] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5062. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions; Butte County Air Quality Management District; Stationary Source Permits [EPA-R09-OAR-2018-0120; FRL-9978- 18-Region 9] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5063. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Vir-ginia; Emissions Statement Rule Certifi-cation for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPA-R03-OAR-2017- 0738; FRL-9978-57-Region 3] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5064. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Continuous Opacity Monitoring Re-quirements for Municipal Waste Combustors [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0484; FRL-9978-56-Region 3] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5065. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Nonattainment Plan for the Cen-tral New Hampshire Sulfur Dioxide Non-attainment Area [EPA-R01-OAR-2017-0083; FRL-9978-27-Region 1] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5066. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michi-gan; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPA- R05-OAR-2016-0058; FRL-9978-61-Region 5] re-ceived May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5067. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nuclear Ma-terial Safety Safeguards, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s NUREG revision — Consolidated Guidance About Materials Licenses: Program-Specific Guidance About Academic, Research and De-velopment, and Other Licenses of Limited Scope, Including Electron Capture Devices and X-Ray Fluorescence Analyzers [NUREG- 1556, Volume 7, Revision 1] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5068. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5069. A letter from the Acting Director, International Cooperation, Acquisition and Sustainment, Office of the Under Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting Trans-mittal No. 07-18, informing of the Depart-ment’s intent to sign a Project Arrangement between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Depart-ment of Defence of the Commonwealth of Australia, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act, and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5070. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Service of Process; Production or Disclosure of Official Information in Response to Court Orders, Subpoenas, Notices of Depositions, Requests for Admissions, Interrogatories, or Similar Requests or Demands in Connection With Federal or State Litigation; Expert Testimony [Public Notice 10248] (RIN: 1400- AE49) received May 31, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 5071. A letter from the Deputy White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmit-ting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5072. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s 58th Semiannual Report to Congress on Audit Follow-up, covering the six-month period ending March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5073. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting the Department’s Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report to the Congress for the reporting period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, Pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5074. A letter from the Chairman, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.113 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4979 June 7, 2018 
the Commission’s semiannual report of the Inspector General for the period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, and Manage-ment Report, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the In-spector General Act of 1978; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5075. A letter from the Administrator, U.S. Agency for International Development, transmitting the Agency’s semiannual re-port of the Inspector General for the period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, pur-suant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5076. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Communications and Legislative Af-fairs, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Annual Sunshine Act Report for 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 552b(j); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5077. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Affairs, NMFS, International Affairs and Seafood In-spection, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act; Lifting the Stay on Inclusion of Shrimp and Abalone in the Seafood Traceability Pro-gram [Docket No.: 180417378-8379-01] (RIN: 0648-BH89) received June 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 5078. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting a report providing an FY 2019 Estimate for the Free Clinic Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 233(o)(6)(C); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title II, Sec. 224(o)(6)(C) (as added by Public Law 104-191, Sec. 194); (110 Stat. 1988); to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 5079. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Bath Creek, Bath, NC [Docket Num-ber: USCG-2018-0416] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5080. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, St. Louis, MO [Docket Number: USCG-2018-0430] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5081. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River, Metropolis, IL [Docket Number: USCG-2018-0077] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5082. A letter from the Chairman, Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotia-tions, transmitting the Committee’s report to the Congress on the Extension of Trade Promotion Authority, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 4202(c)(3)(A); Public Law 114-26, Sec. 103(c)(3)(A); (129 Stat. 336); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6026. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to clarify the prohibitions on making robocalls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. P EARCE , Ms. G ABBARD , and Mrs. W
ALORSKI ): H.R. 6027. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide a process by which a family member of a deceased indi-vidual who is eligible for the Department of Veterans Affairs burn pit registry may reg-ister for such registry on behalf of the de-ceased individual; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself and Mr. D
ONOVAN ): H.R. 6028. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require air carriers to dis-close the date and location of the most re-cent aircraft maintenance; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 6029. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize the comprehensive opioid abuse grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 6030. A bill to allow tribal grant schools to participate in the Federal Em-ployee Health Benefits program; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. S MITH of Missouri): H.R. 6031. A bill to require a study of the well-being of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 6032. A bill to direct the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on the state of the inter-net-connected devices industry in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C RIST, Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. E STY of Con-necticut, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
ECK, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. H
IMES, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. L
EE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M AT-
SUI, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. R USH, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T
SONGAS , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): H.R. 6033. A bill to establish in the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBTI Peoples, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. S
HERMAN ): H.R. 6034. A bill to require the Secretary of State to submit annual reports reviewing the educational material used by the Palestinian Authority or the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East in the West Bank and Gaza, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6035. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise section 230.163 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to apply the exemption offered in such section to communications made by under-writers and dealers acting by or on behalf of a well-known seasoned issuer; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for himself and Mr. B
ARLETTA ): H.R. 6036. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965, to add a work-study pro-gram for off-campus community service at selected after-school activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 6037. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal certain rules re-lated to the determination of unrelated busi-ness taxable income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6038. A bill to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal prop-erty around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6039. A bill to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal prop-erty around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself, Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Mr. T HOMPSON of California): H.R. 6040. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and fa-cilities of the Central Valley Project; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 6041. A bill to designate a mountain ridge in the State of Montana as ‘‘B-47 Ridge’’; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 6042. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification sys-tem, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C URBELO of Flor-ida, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. B UCK, Ms. L EE, Mr. J
ONES , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. B LUM, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JN7.000 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4980 June 7, 2018 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G AETZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, and Mr. K
HANNA ): H.R. 6043. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for a new rule re-garding the application of the Act to mari-huana, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Ms. D
ELBENE): H.R. 6044. A bill to preempt State data se-curity vulnerability mandates and decryption requirements; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6045. A bill to amend Public Law 87- 788 (commonly known as the McIntire-Sten-nis Cooperative Forestry Act; 16 U.S.C. 582a- 7) to provide for equal treatment of the Dis-trict of Columbia with respect to funds made available under that Act; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 6046. A bill to require candidates for election for public office to notify the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation upon receiving unsolicited information about other can-didates in the election from a foreign power or an agent of a foreign power, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 6047. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act relating to controlled sub-stance analogues; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6048. A bill to require a study and re-port on matters concerning best practices in mortality counts as a result of a major dis-aster; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Mr. C
OOK): H. Con. Res. 122. Concurrent resolution commemorating the 75th Anniversary of Lockheed Martin Skunk Works and its sig-nificant contributions to the national secu-rity of the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. C AR-
SON of Indiana, Ms. E STY of Con-necticut, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
ORREA , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. V ELA, Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. L
EE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. S OTO, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. C AS-
TROof Texas, Mr. S IRES, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. C RIST, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. B EYER , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. H IMES, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. K EATING , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. H OYER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. M ENG, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Miss R ICEof New York, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. N EAL, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. C LAY, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. S AR-
BANES , and Mr. K ILMER ): H. Res. 927. A resolution condemning the Trump administration’s zero tolerance pol-icy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6026. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. That provision gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 6027. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF CONGRESS CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into exe-cution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6028. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Aritcle I,Section 8 By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 6029. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. And, Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 6030. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 6031. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 6032. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . .’’ to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 6033. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 of the U.S. Constitu-tion ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 6034. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6035. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, providing the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 6036. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JN7.100 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4981 June 7, 2018 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 6037. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6038. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in article IV section 3 clause 2 of the Constitution. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6039. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in article IV section 3 clause 2 of the Constitution. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 6040. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 6041. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 6042. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: H.R. 6043. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Of-fice thereof. The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 6044. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII, Clause III By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6045. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 18 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 6046. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 6047. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution—Congress has the power to pro-vide for the general welfare of the United States By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6048 Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . .’’ ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 99: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 110: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 154: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 172: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 237: Mr. P
OSEY , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 686: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1114: Mr. R
USH and Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1171: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1295: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 1298: Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D
ENHAM , and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 1310: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1322: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 1419: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1444: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1447: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 1475: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1511: Mr. C
ARBAJAL and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 1515: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1562: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1612: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 1651: Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. K
APTUR , and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 1661: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 1683: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. M
CEACHIN , and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1739: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1784: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1832: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 1874: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1876: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , and Mr. B UCK. H.R. 2077: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 2092: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 2134: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 2197: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2276: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 2309: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2355: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 2380: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 2426: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 2452: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 2556: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 2566: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. L
EE, and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 2640: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. K
ILMER , and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 2651: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 2851: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B YRNE , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. S UOZZI , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 2903: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 2965: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2976: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 3273: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3305: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3378: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 3528: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3600: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 3605: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 3625: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 3671: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3692: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3730: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 3738: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 3768: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 3861: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 4022: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 4229: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 4256: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 4391: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4699: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 4729: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4732: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4815: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 4824: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 4841: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 4846: Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4953: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 4985: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 5058: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 5105: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 5153: Mrs. L
ESKO , Mr. H IGGINS of Lou- isiana, and Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 5155: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 5161: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5176: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 5197: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 5210: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 5220: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 5233: Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 5248: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5294: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 5306: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5327: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 5337: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 5358: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 5359: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. N
ORCROSS , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 5374: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5384: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5389: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5417: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 5457: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5460: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 5472: Mr. G
AETZ and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 5477: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5507: Mr. S
HUSTER and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 5551: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5588: Mr. B
ACON and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 5593: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 5606: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 5613: Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H.R. 5640: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 5641: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5644: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5671: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. C OURT -
NEY. H.R. 5694: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 5713: Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 5728: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 5760: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 5780: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 5795: Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. L EWIS of Geor- gia, Mr. D
EFAZIO, and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 5800: Mr. W
ALDEN . H.R. 5811: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. W AL-
DEN. H.R. 5813: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 5819: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 5831: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 5861: Mr. G
AETZ , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 5884: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 5899: Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 5900: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 5912: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 5988: Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. L
ATTA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ING of Iowa, and Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 6014: Mrs. D
INGELL and Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 6015: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 6016: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C
UMMINGS , and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:56 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.086 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4982 June 7, 2018 
H.R. 6018: Mr. K INZINGER . H.J. Res. 33: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´Nand Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas. H.J. Res. 135: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H. Con. Res. 8: Ms. M
CCOLLUM and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. F
ASO, and Mr. K INGof New York. H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. W
ALBERG . H. Res. 15: Mr. GIANFORTE . H. Res. 31: Mr. C
ONNOLLY and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H. Res. 136: Mr. S
OTO. H. Res. 356: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 523: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H. Res. 763: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H. Res. 785: Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ALVERT , and Mr. P AUL-
SEN. H. Res. 888: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. T
ONKO . H. Res. 901: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H. Res. 913: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. W IL-
SON of Florida, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H. Res. 919: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H. Res. 926: Mr. R
USH. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN7.097 H07JNPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3269 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 2018 No. 94 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God, our Lord, You are the light of the world. In Your light, we see our lives and know our poverty. Illuminate our path with the brightness of Your abundance. Supply our needs from Your celestial bounty. Bless our Senators. Lord, You know their lives, hearts, and thoughts. Give them the wisdom to refuse to deviate from integrity. Equip them with strength and spirit to trust You, even when they don’t understand Your prov-idential guidance. Guide their words so that those with whom they work will seek common ground for the good of our Nation and world. And Lord, surround the United States Senate page spring class of 2018 with the shield of Your Divine favor. Thank You for their faithful service. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF KENNETH MARCUS AND THE NATIONAL DE-FENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, today the Senate will consider the nomination of Kenneth Marcus to serve as the Department of Education’s As-sistant Secretary for Civil Rights. His resume includes degrees from Williams College and the California Berkeley School of Law, and his career has spanned private practice and public service, with considerable experience in government. I look forward to vot-ing to confirm Mr. Marcus later today. Then, the Senate will resume consid-eration of the John S. McCain 2019 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. It is the result of serious bipartisan work over the past several months. Our colleagues on the Armed Serv-ices Committee have engaged in candid discussions with our Nation’s top mili-tary leaders. They have heard about the pressing needs of the men and women who serve in harm’s way: great-er readiness, enhanced weapons capa-bilities in the air and on the seas, sim-pler processes for acquisition, and more support for military families. This week we have already discussed the array of global challenges that face our Nation at this critical moment. This NDAA will help to equip our troops with the latest training and the best technology to confront those chal-lenges and to keep us safe. It is also important to reflect on all that this legislation will do for our warfighters and their families here at home. It will increase base pay for servicemembers by 2.6 percent, the largest annual raise in nearly a decade. It authorizes new resources for family housing construction, improved care for servicemembers’ children with se-vere disabilities, and programs to bet-ter manage opioid prescriptions in the military health system. It will authorize continued oper-ations at military posts across our country that build up our Nation’s se-curity and form the backbone of local communities. The servicemembers who serve at Kentucky’s Army installations and in the Kentucky Air and Army National Guard are critical to our overall na-tional defense strategy. I am proud to represent them here in the Senate. Fort Campbell is home to the 101st Airborne Division and a number of Spe-cial Operations units. In recent years, many of these servicemembers have seen a near-constant cycle of deploy-ment to Iraq and Afghanistan. The NDAA ensures that they are not forgotten. Fort Knox hosts the Army’s Human Resources Command and Re-cruiting Command, where the NDAA will help to modernize officer personnel management, and this year’s legisla-tion paves the way for new construc-tion projects at both these facilities. In Madison County, the Blue Grass Army Depot is responsible for storing and demilitarizing conventional and legacy chemical weapons. It is a top-of- the-line facility, integral to our na-tional security. Passing this NDAA will help to ensure that it can continue safe and effective operations. It is my privilege to represent the men and women of the Kentucky Air and Army National Guard, including the 123rd Airlift Wing. This legislation will reaffirm our commitment to these citizen soldiers and airmen who are al-ways ready to respond to emergencies at home or threats from abroad. Kentucky is indeed proud of our men and women in uniform. When I vote for this Defense bill, I will be casting my vote for them. f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 16 months ago, President Trump and Republican majorities arrived in Wash-ington with clear instructions from the American people: Get the Federal Gov-ernment out of the way. A decade of Democratic control meant that taxes were too high, regulations were too burdensome, and America was too dif-ficult a place to start a small business or hire more workers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.000 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3270 June 7, 2018 
Republicans heard our marching or-ders loud and clear. We used the Con-gressional Review Act a record 16 times to root out invasive rules that tripped up small businesses. We uprooted key pieces of ObamaCare and Dodd-Frank that had burdened the middle class, and we delivered a long-overdue, com-prehensive overhaul of America’s Tax Code. It is helping to rejuvenate the economy and is letting American fami-lies keep more of what they earn. Today, under this Republican govern-ment, the U.S. economy is healthier than it has been in a long time. We have the lowest unemployment in 18 years, and more open positions than workers seeking jobs for the first time since the Labor Department started collecting these data. There is record levels of optimism among small busi-nesses and manufacturers. More Ameri-cans are saying that now is a good time to find a quality job than at any point in the last 17 years. In the Obama years, prosperity was slower in coming. Opportunities were comparatively few, and what limited growth did occur flowed disproportion-ately into America’s very biggest urban centers. Now our economy is starting to work better for all kinds of communities. I recently heard a few inspiring stories from my friend Senator P
ORTMAN . In Zanesville, OH, the owners of GKM Auto Parts spent much of the last dec-ade watching health insurance pre-miums soar. By 2016 they could no longer support coverage for their em-ployees, but as Senator P
ORTMAN re-cently explained, one of the first things the company was able to do following the passage of historic tax reform last year was to restore that coverage. He also shared that builders and manufacturers across his State, from Wolf Metals in Columbus to Advanced Industrial Roofing in Massillon, are in-creasing pay and benefits, investing in equipment, and creating jobs as a di-rect result of tax reform and this pro- growth economic climate. We are hearing stories like these from every corner of our country. American workers and job creators are turning the page on the last decade and writing brand-new success stories, and Republican policies are helping to make that happen. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of Education. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The Senator from North Carolina. CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW  
BRUNSON  
Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, I wish to speak briefly. I thank the Demo-cratic leader for giving me the oppor-tunity to speak for 5 minutes to do what I have done every week for the past couple of months and what I will do every week until we get a resolu-tion; that is, to talk about Pastor Brunson, a Presbyterian minister who has been in prison in Turkey since Oc-tober of 2016. As best as we can tell, the only thing Pastor Brunson is guilty of is being a missionary who has committed 20 years of his life to working with people in Turkey who want to hear the Word of God. That is it. We can talk about— I will not today because my time is limited—all the trumped-up charges I witnessed when I spent 12 hours in a Turkish courtroom a couple of months ago or that I discussed with Pastor Brunson about 3 weeks earlier when I visited him in a prison. Today what I want to talk about is relevant to the national defense au-thorization and the work we have done in committee to put Turkey on notice that this is unacceptable. Turkey has been an ally of the United States since 1952. The NATO al-liance commits every member of NATO to send their men and women in uni-form into harm’s way to defend the na-tional security of a nation of the alli-ance. We have that with Turkey; we have since 1952. Over the past month or so, we have seen a would-be adversary in North Korea release three prisoners, we have seen Venezuela release a prisoner, but in Turkey, since October of 2016, we have seen them hold a man for almost a year and a half without charges. Then I saw a man go before a court— and I witnessed for a whole day—being subjected to some of the most absurd charges possible. Next week, when I have more time, I will get into those. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who voted to put a provi-sion in the national defense authoriza-tion that really makes us wonder whether we have to rethink our rela-tionship with Turkey, particularly around the Joint Strike Fighter. The Joint Strike Fighter is one of the most sophisticated tactical fighters that has ever flown; arguably, the most sophis-ticated. Turkey is a NATO ally and, as such, they have access to that weapons system. In fact, they manufacture a lot of the critical parts for it. What we offered in the NDAA is an examination of whether that relation-ship makes sense; No. 1, because of the way they are treating one of our Amer-ican citizens, not letting him come back home, he and his wife; and No. 2, if that is the behavior of a NATO ally, is that really where we should be put-ting, in our supply chains and in our defensive systems, one of the most so-phisticated weapons, one of the most important weapons in our arsenal. I, for one, think we have to look at it. Until the Turkish Government recog-nizes that they are illegally holding Pastor Brunson, and a number of oth-ers, then I think we have to put the spotlight on them and hold them ac-countable. If I have an obligation, as a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Senate, to defend their integrity, they have an obligation to treat our American citizens with re-spect. We have the amendment in the NDAA. We also have another amend-ment we may offer. We need to make Turkey know we believe our alliance with them is important, but it is also important to treat American citizens who are not guilty of a crime with re-spect and bring Pastor Brunson home. I yield the floor. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-nority leader is recognized. 
TURKEY  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, first, I thank my colleague. I was asked by my colleague from North Carolina if I would agree with his remarks, and he said he thought so. I definitely do. I think Erdogan is doing very bad things to the Turkish people, to our NATO al-liance in the Middle East. He has had a vehemently anti-Israel position. To allow him to get away with all of this stuff without putting maximum pres-sure on him makes no sense. So I thank my colleague from North Caro-lina. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Madam President, on other subjects, later today the Senate will move to the consideration of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. The annual Defense authorization is something our friend Senator M
CCAIN cares deeply about and has talked to me about regularly, and we wish he were here to shepherd it on the floor as we have seen him do many times be-fore. It is important that we get this done for our military, for our broader na-tional security, for Senator M
CCAIN, and to ensure that this critical author-ization bill moves forward on a steady track. Any time we say the name or see the name written, ‘‘John S. McCain,’’ our hearts go pitter-patter a little bit, and we pray for his speedy re-covery. The NDAA is an opportunity to re-vise and improve our national security to meet the evolving threats of a world that is changing so very fast. I just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.001 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3271 June 7, 2018 
want to highlight a few provisions in the bill that are important. Just this morning, Secretary Ross announced that the Trump administra-tion will relax penalties on Chinese telecom giant ZTE. Instead of perma-nently crippling ZTE, the administra-tion will settle for a smaller fine than the company paid in 2017 and a reorga-nization of the company’s board. It is essentially a slap on the wrist. As a reminder, ZTE has been a threat to our national security, and that was stated by the Republican-led FCC, Re-publican-led FBI, and Republican-led Pentagon. This is not a partisan issue. ZTE was guilty not only of evading U.S. sanctions but lying to U.S. offi-cials about it afterward. ZTE has been deemed such a threat to our tele-communications networks that the FCC recommended forbidding the sale of any ZTE products in the United States. But, inexplicably, President Trump, after talking tough, did a total rever-sal. Once again, it seems President Xi has outfoxed President Trump. There is absolutely no good reason that ZTE should get a second chance, but with this deal, the President has inexplicably thrown him a lifeline. President Xi must be laughing all the way to the forbidden palace. He has once again taken advantage of Presi-dent Trump on an issue vital to our se-curity. Many believe ZTE could be a mecha-nism for spying on our military and on lots of different parts of the United States. China has shown no reluctance to do that in the past, and we are just rolling over for no reason, having got-ten nothing in return. This is a serious mistake, a 180-degree turn away from the President’s promise to be tough on China. Donald Trump should be aiming his trade fire at China, but instead he inexplicably aims it at allies, such as Canada and Europe. When it comes to China, despite his tough talk, this deal with ZTE proves that President Trump just shoots blanks. This guy—the art of the deal? He has gotten taken to the cleaners by President Xi, and the rest of the world is probably laughing at him. We cannot allow the damage from this action by Secretary Ross to stay. We must undo it. It will be up to Con-gress to reverse this deal if the Presi-dent goes forward with it, which he has announced this morning he will. The Banking Committee already adopted an amendment that would pro-hibit the administration from weak-ening sanctions against the Chinese telecoms, including ZTE; however, the President has rushed to undo the sanc-tions before that bill could pass, so it won’t affect ZTE because the sanctions have just been lifted by the administra-tion. Now that the President has rushed to give this company relief, we will offer a bipartisan amendment, led by Sen-ators Cotton and Van Hollen, that retroactively imposes the sanctions originally leveled against ZTE, revers-ing the consent agreement signed this morning. This is a bipartisan bill. Sen-ator C
OTTON and Senator V ANHOLLEN  don’t agree on much, but thank God, when it comes to national security, they are agreeing. This Chamber should overwhelmingly vote for the Cotton-Van Hollen amendment, which I am proud to cosponsor, as I believe Senator C
ORNYN and others on the other side will do. We must do that. We hope Leader M
CCONNELL will allow a vote or, at minimum, put it in the managers’ package. We cannot move forward with this danger to national security without doing something about ZTE. There is also a provision in the De-fense bill to expand the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, known as CFIUS, so that the board can review minority- position investments and joint ven-tures in critical technology and infra-structure companies. Too often, foreign companies—usu-ally Chinese—backed by some hostile foreign governments—usually the Chi-nese Government—and they are hostile to us economically, make no mistake about it. That word is not too strong. They try to gain controlling or minor-ity positions in critical American tech-nology companies to pilfer their intel-lectual property and reproduce it in their own countries. They don’t allow us to sell the goods; they instead buy minority interests in American compa-nies, learn how to do it, produce it in China, and then undercut us and sell it here. No wonder we lose millions of jobs to China. This must be stopped. Because these foreign companies go to great lengths to avoid a CFIUS review and sneak in under the radar, we ought to widen the scope of cases that CFIUS can look at, better protecting our national security and our economic security, and the De-fense bill, fortunately, is the first op-portunity to do that. Now back to ZTE, the ZTE example is perhaps the best example of how this administration’s trade policies are in shambles. The President has talked tough on China. President Trump and I agree very strongly—or we had agreed. I don’t know where he is now, but in the past, we have agreed. We just had a conversation a few weeks ago about the need to combat China’s rapacious trade practices. Initially, I was hopeful the President would follow through. He seemed to do this out of conviction. But it seems that even though Presi-dent Trump roars like a lion on China, he behaves like a lamb. Instead of ramping up pressure on China, he tells them he is weak. He tells them he will back off. He tells them he is not for real. President Trump has directed far too much of the administration’s ener-gies on trade toward punishing allies such as Canada and Europe instead of focusing on the real menace, the No. 1 menace—China. So if President Trump is listening this morning, I tell him: Be strong on China. Don’t trade away our leverage for anything short of real concessions on intellectual property theft and mar-ket access—the two things that most threaten our long-term economic standing, that most threaten the American economy, the American worker, and American jobs. EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE  
Now on another matter, Madam President, today the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia will hear oral arguments in a case con-cerning the potential violation of the emoluments clause by the President of the United States—none other than the President of the United States vio-lating this clause. The emoluments clause of the Constitution of the United States—written over 200 years ago into the Constitution by our Founding Fathers—prohibits any mem-ber of our government from profiting from their office, accepting any present, emolument, office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign state. The reason for the emoluments clause is plain: The Framers were wor-ried that members of our government could be co-opted or influenced by the bribery of foreign capitals and thus prohibited even the potential for self- enrichment. They knew then what we know now: We don’t want double-deal-ing by our elected officials, and when they have private interests, you never know—are they acting in what they be-lieve is the national interests or what will help make them a profit? With President Trump, we sincerely hope that no such self-enrichment is going on, but it remains a great con-cern to millions of Americans that President Trump has maintained a stake in vast business empire holdings all over the world. President Trump continues to profit from these holdings while he refuses to divest—an appalling departure from well-established prac-tices of past Presidents. It shows a de-gree of selfishness that we haven’t seen in Presidents. The President still re-fuses to disclose his tax returns and the precise extent of his foreign hold-ings—another radical and disturbing departure from past Presidents. This President acts like he is in the swamp, not like he is cleaning it up. The President’s actions certainly present the possibility of exposure to violation of the emoluments clause, so I believe it is a good thing that the courts are looking at this issue and taking it seriously. That is what our Constitution says they should do. It is a good thing the courts are taking it seriously. We cannot afford to have the Office of the Presidency of the United States corrupted for narrow, selfish means. President Trump could easily—if you want to be President, you give up all the stuff you own. Every President has done it. There are blind trusts. There are all kinds of ways to do it. But this President seems to think he is meas-ured by a different standard than any-one else. Everyone else makes their tax 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.002 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3272 June 7, 2018 
returns public; he does not. Everyone else divests themselves of any interest in foreign business to avoid even the appearance of conflict; he does not. It is a double standard. When the President says he wants to clean up the swamp when he goes to his rallies and gets cheered, what are those people cheering for? He has made the swamp worse than any President I know. 
PARDON POWER  
In other news, Madam President, we have learned that the President is very keen on his pardon power. The Presi-dent went so far as to tweet earlier this week that he believes he has the abso-lute right—his words—to pardon him-self. Let me remind President Trump of a very simple fact: President Trump, you do not have the right to pardon your-self. No one—no one—in America is above the law, not even the President— especially the President. If the Presi-dent did have the right to pardon him-self, he could engage in blatant corrup-tion and self-dealing without con-sequence. The President could violate the emoluments clause, for example, and simply exonerate himself for tak-ing bribes from foreign interests. Sure-ly that is not what our Framers in-tended. It would turn the Presidency into a farce and render American de-mocracy greatly defunct. When the President says and tweets things like this, we have to be very clear about how wrong he is. We cannot allow the morality of this government, the shining example the Founding Fa-thers put together, to just recede. President Trump is doing that on al-most a daily basis, and we need not just Democrats, we need Republicans and Independents to stand up when he says things like that. I was glad to hear that a number of my Republican colleagues said he doesn’t have the power to pardon him-self. I was proud of Senator G
RASSLEY , who always speaks his mind—some-times I like it, sometimes I don’t, but he always speaks his mind—who talked about how wrong it was for the Presi-dent to say he could pardon himself. The idea that the President could pardon anyone, anytime, himself in-cluded, is antithetical to the very idea of a democracy. President Trump, you are not King by another name. I hope the President will focus in-stead on the Nation’s business in the months ahead. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Madam Present, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield for a UC? Mr. BOOKER. Mr. Chairman, I will yield to you under almost every cir-cumstance. Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at the conclu-sion of the remarks by the Senator from New Jersey, I be recognized as in morning business for as much time as I shall consume. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Madam President, I rise today to speak in opposition to the nomination of Kenneth Marcus to serve as the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the Department of Edu-cation. One of the most critical func-tions of the Department of Education is the role in enforcing Federal civil rights and upholding the protection of students’ civil rights in schools. The Office for Civil Rights within the Department of Education is a particu-larly important instrument in enforc-ing civil rights in schools, protecting those precious rights of our children, and ensuring that schools provide stu-dents with access to equal educational opportunities and a nondiscriminatory environment in which to learn. It is an idea we have in our country that it is fundamental that we have a level play-ing field and abundant opportunity for all kids, no matter what their back-ground is. The continued need for this office is clear. In fact, during the Obama admin-istration, the Office for Civil Rights and the Department of Education han-dled 76,000 complaints over 8 years and issued dozens of policy guidance docu-ments to help schools better protect and preserve civil rights of students. In the last year alone, or year and a half, we have seen what is clearly an abdication of this leadership in the Trump administration and what that has meant for the protection of civil rights for our country’s children and for our country’s students. We have seen an Office for Civil Rights that has rolled back protections for LGBTQ stu-dents, an office that has rolled back protections for students with disabil-ities, and an office that is set on gut-ting the very mission of the office itself, which is to protect all of our stu-dents from discrimination and em-power them with equal opportunities to succeed. The confirmation of Kenneth Marcus would be another blow to the civil rights of our students. Mr. Marcus is someone who, in his record and in his testimony to my colleagues on the Senate HELP Committee, has dem-onstrated that he possesses at best a disturbing apathy and at worst a wan-ton disregard for the importance, if not urgency, of protecting the rights of our kids in school. When Mr. Marcus was asked by Sen-ator M
URRAY to name an example of something—anything—that Donald Trump had said or done when it comes to discrimination or civil rights that he disagrees with, and Mr. Marcus could not name any area of disagree-ment. He couldn’t find a single dis-agreement in the way that Donald Trump demeaned Americans with dis-abilities or how the President has spo-ken about Mexicans or even the way the President has issued policies that attack the rights of Muslims or the rights of LGBTQ Americans. There was no disagreement mentioned whatso-ever. When he was asked during his con-firmation hearing if as Assistant Sec-retary he would intervene in an in-stance where Black students in a school district were receiving lower quality teachers, fewer books, fewer AP classes, and fewer educational re-sources than White students, one would expect his answer to have been: Yes, I would intervene. Yes, I would stand up for equality. Instead, Mr. Marcus re-fused to say that he would step in in such a hypothetical circumstance. When Senator MURPHY asked about disparities in school districts that were suspending or expelling five times as many Black students for the same set of behaviors compared to White stu-dents, instead of just saying the obvi-ous thing—that this is wrong, that the same behavior necessitates the same disciplinary action—instead of saying something as simple as that, Mr. Marcus went on to say this: 
‘‘I believe that disparities of that size are grounds for concern, but my experience says that one needs to approach each compliant, or compliance review, with an open mind and a sense of fairness to find out what the an-swers are. I will tell you that I have seen what appeared to be inexcusable disparities that were the result of paperwork errors, they just got the numbers wrong.’’ 
I don’t know how much of the data on this issue of disciplinary inequality Mr. Marcus has seen, but it is abun-dantly clear that for someone who wants to be in this position, they should understand the crisis we have with discipline in this country. The data has shown that even in pre-school—from the age of 4 years old— Black preschool kids are 3.6 times more likely to receive an out-of-school sus-pension than White preschool kids. Again, that is also for the same infrac-tion. This is not about getting the num-bers wrong. This is about being aware of a problem we have in this country that fuels the school-to-prison pipeline. It is a problem that is so severe that I fought in a bipartisan way to get an amendment about school expulsions in the Every Student Succeeds Act. This is a problem that is so severe that in 2014 the Department of Education issued guidance clarifying that schools must administer discipline without dis-crimination on the basis of race, color, or national origin. The guidance pro-vided important information and sup-port for schools to create a safer, more inclusive environment. We know this problem is not going away, because just last month a new report from the Government Accountability Office con-cluded that Black students, boys, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.004 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3273 June 7, 2018 
students with disabilities were still sig-nificantly overrepresented in discipli-nary action. What we need is a Department of Education that is going to stand up for kids on problems that we know exist. I was stunned that this is a candidate who doesn’t even acknowledge the ur-gency in protecting LGBTQ kids. And at a time of such crisis, Secretary Betsy DeVos continues to fail to pro-tect the rights of all of our students, just this week, she called discrimina-tion against LGBTQ students in schools ‘‘an issue for Congress and the courts to settle,’’ abdicating any re-sponsibility. That is unacceptable, and I don’t un-derstand. We have children who are lit-erally under attack. We face a crisis in this country when it comes to LGBTQ youth. This is not an argument over facts. The facts are clear: LGBT youths face a stunning level of prejudice and discrimination inside and outside of schools, starting at a young age. We know that LGBT youths are two times more likely than their heterosexual peers to be physically assaulted in school. LGBT youths are four times as likely to attempt suicide. According to the Youth Risk Behav-ior Survey, 34 percent of gay and les-bian youth students were bullied on school property, and 13 percent report not going to school because of fear for their safety. This kind of harassment has no place in our classrooms or schools or anywhere in the United States. It is far too common, from dis-criminating disciplinary practice to physical violence against our kids, and we have work to do in this country to keep all children safe, to treat all chil-dren equally, to give every kid a fair shot in schools to make it and thrive. Yet we are trying to elevate someone to one of the most significant positions in our land to protect children who has a disregard and an apathy toward the compelling and continuing problems in our schools. When I think about the role of the Federal Government in protecting chil-dren, I think about a picture that, as soon as I walk out of my office, the pic-ture is there, and it is that picture from Norman Rockwell of Ruby Bridges trying to walk to school, at the age of 6, to become the first Black child to attend a White elementary school in the South. The photo of her— and the famous painting—is jarring when you see it. It is a reminder to me every day when I leave my office about the roles and responsibilities we have in this body. The hate that was being spewed on her—Ruby Bridges—was plainly evident. I am telling you, if you visit schools right now and talk to some of our chil-dren who are being bullied and intimi-dated, they can speak to that kind of hate as well. You can still feel the pain and hatred echoing from our past, and you can see it. You can see it echoing in our present. She was determined, and, most importantly, she was not alone. At the age of 6, walking to school, Ruby Bridges walked not alone but, as Norman Rockwell’s picture cap-tures, she walked with Federal Mar-shals, and they stood with her. She was not alone. She had government folks who said: Your rights are my rights. Your future is my future. We pledge an oath to be a nation of liberty and na-tion not for some but for all—that ‘‘in-justice anywhere,’’ as King said, ‘‘is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ The Federal Government alone is not enough to educate our kids. It is about local communities that keep them safe. It is about those soccer coaches. It is about the drama teacher. It is about the English teacher. It is about the love and the kindness and the nur-turing environment that is the com-mon standard in all of our schools in America in every State. We have seen from history that there is a role for us to play in keeping folks safe. There are aberrations in our country where ha-tred still thrives, where discrimination still exists, where there is a role for us to play, and we can’t surrender that role. We can’t retreat from our vigilance in protecting every child in America. That is why the Office for Civil Rights and the Department of Education are so critical and must be led by someone who understands our history and un-derstands the urgent work that still needs to be done. We need a person in this role who is committed to every single child no matter who they are and a person who sees within that child their truth, their divinity, their limit-less potential, their promise, and how we as a nation need them to succeed. We have a long way to go. There is work still to do. Children in this coun-try who are hurting now need cham-pions in positions of high office. That is why I oppose the nomination of Mr. Marcus. He is not the person, by his own testimony, who sees our children, who will protect all of our children, who understands their crises, and hears their cries. I will be voting against his nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Oklahoma. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, argu-ably, the most significant bill to be in-troduced and passed every year is the National Defense Authorization Act. Yesterday, the leader moved to proceed to that bill, but then there was some objection. Senator R
EED and I have spent some time and have been very concerned about getting this started. We passed this out of committee in record time and share the commitment that this bill is a matter fitting for the Senate’s deliberative process. We want to have an amendment process, and we proposed this, but there was some ob-jection to it yesterday. I think an open legislative process is one of the hallmarks of the democracy that we ask our servicemembers to pro-tect and defend. They are out there on the line. We owe them everything that is in an annual bill. In fact, that bill has actually been passed every year. For the past 57 years, we have had a national defense authorization act. What we wanted to do this time, which would have been different from the last time, was to have had an open amend-ment process—heard a lot of amend-ments and had a lot of discussion on the floor. We intended to do that but were disappointed that there was an objection to that yesterday. That is why we have been working on satis-fying those objections, and I think we have done this. I believe, by 12 noon or after the 12:30 vote, we are going to be in a position to go ahead and ask that the majority leader restate his motion to proceed and that it will be passed without ob-jection. I am looking forward to that. I think we need to get started. I don’t need to go into the arguments, as oth-ers are waiting for the floor right now, but we want to get this bill started im-mediately. It is not just to make sure we have the pay raises for our kids who are out there risking their lives, and it is not just that we have to keep up with the commitments we have made. We have gone through some dry years over the last 10 years. When I go around the country and talk to groups, there is this assumption that America has the best of everything, but that is not true anymore. That is one reason there is a sense of urgency on this. Take artillery, for example. The two things you use to measure the artillery capability of a country are those of range and rapid fire, and we are out- ranged and out-rapid fired by both Rus-sia and China. They have other sys-tems that are better than ours. Right now, one of the most modern systems is hypersonic warfare. A lot of people are not aware of this, but it al-lows us to go five times the speed of sound with a weapon. We have been de-veloping this for some time. However, now we have found out that both Rus-sia and China have been ahead of us on this. This bill is going to put us in high gear and make sure this development actually happens. Our triad system, our nuclear triad, is also one on which we have not been doing anything for the last 8 or 10 years, and now Russia and China have gotten ahead. This is something we are not going to tolerate. We have the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, and we are going to get to it today. I will mention that we are actually hoping for a couple of amendments to take place this after-noon. These have to be agreed to and have been agreed to by both sides. Boozman amendment No. 2276 is a study to suggest the permanent sta-tioning of our troops in Poland. The second one is the McCain fellowship amendment, by Senator R
EED, amend-ment No. 2284. I, and I am sure Senator R
EED—I speak for him too—would like to get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.006 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3274 June 7, 2018 
started on some amendments today in-stead of waiting around until Monday. Doing so will put us a lot further ahead than we otherwise would be. Our an-ticipation is to get this thing done by next week, and I think we can do it. I thank those who had some objec-tion to moving to this bill. I very much appreciate their working with us. I think it will be completed, and I an-ticipate that the majority leader will have a motion that he will make after the 12:30 p.m. vote today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. 
TARIFFS  
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I rise to sound the alarm about the President’s decision to impose steep tariffs on our trading partners. Make no mistake, we are not, as some administration officials have sug-gested, in the leisurely early innings of a baseball game. We are in the nascent stages of a full-scale trade war. Despite the President’s statement that this war will be easily won, any student of history knows that unlike a baseball game, in which a winner is guaranteed, a trade war only guarantees there will be losers. Free trade allows the most efficient allocation of labor and capital. Protec-tionism, on the other hand, stifles in-novation and reduces productivity. Recognition of this philosophy has been as close to a consensus as this body has achieved in more than 70 years, and the application of these principles has provided the foundation for growth and prosperity that was unimagined by previous generations. If tariffs aimed at our adversaries produce disastrous results, what will happen when we target our allies? Imagine claiming that imports from Canada represent a national security threat. Well, that is exactly what we are doing. Canada is our largest trad-ing partner—a trading partner, coinci-dentally, with whom we enjoy a trade surplus. Just yesterday, we learned of a phone call in which Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau challenged the President’s use of national security as a justification for levying tariffs against a steadfast ally. These new tar-iffs imposed on our allies will not and are not going unanswered. A number of them have already introduced retalia-tory measures. In March, when the tariffs on steel and aluminum were first announced, I proposed legislation to block their im-plementation. Yesterday, I joined with a bipartisan group of Senators, led by Senator C
ORKER , in introducing legisla-tion to rein in the President’s use of section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 to justify protectionist meas-ures. This bipartisan group includes Senators from coast to coast and from across the political spectrum. The Constitution grants Congress the preeminent role in regulating trade and tariffs. Congress must show leader-ship on this issue. We are elected to be leaders, not followers here. It is not our charge to just go along because the President shares our party affiliation, to throw out our long-held beliefs just because they might complicate our po-litical standing. PROTECTING THE VALUES OF FREEDOM  
Now, Mr. President, let me speak for a few minutes on our unique standing in the world and the opportunities and responsibilities that come as a result of that standing. From its very creation, the United States of America has played a vital role in world leadership. Our Founding Fathers showed how a band of colonies could not only break free from a des-potic monarchy but could build a func-tional democracy on the sturdy scaf-fold of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. They entrenched this hal-lowed trio of principles within our Dec-laration of Independence, making America the first country in the world to be born not of accidents of geog-raphy or of Tribe but of an idea—a powerful idea—the idea of freedom. More than 100 years later, at the turn of the 20th century, one that would come to be called the American Cen-tury, President Theodore Roosevelt used his inaugural address to highlight America’s role: A country that had broken free from tyranny had a moral obligation to help others do likewise. Roosevelt said: 
Much has been given us, and much will rightfully be expected from us. We have du-ties to others and duties to ourselves; and we can shirk neither. We have become a great nation, forced by the fact of its greatness into relations with other nations of the earth, and we must behave as beseems a peo-ple with such responsibilities. 
This declaration alerted Americans that the Nation had arrived at a new position of global leadership, and it re-mains as true today as it was then. The 20th century saw the United States transition from being merely one voice for freedom and liberty to be-come the preeminent leader of that sa-cred cause across the world. In the 40 years that followed Roosevelt’s speech, American men and women would twice be called on to fight for peace in the face of World War. Hundreds of thou-sands of Americans would selflessly lay down their lives for the freedom of oth-ers. Indeed, nowhere in our national his-tory has that been more clearly dis-played than 74 years ago yesterday, when, on the beaches of Normandy, thousands of Americans paid the ulti-mate sacrifice to free our European al-lies from the most unspeakable tyr-anny the world has ever known. Yet this Nation’s transformation into an indispensable nation, a nec-essary nation, was not crafted by mili-tary might alone. It was our efforts to build up international institutions and norms aimed at fostering democratic ideals and free market principles that truly secured the global leadership some would now squander. I believe President Reagan best de-scribed the importance of this broader American role when, during an address to the British Parliament, in the depth of the Cold War, he said this: Our military strength is a prerequisite to peace, but let it be clear we maintain this strength in the hope it will never be used, for the ultimate determinant in the struggle that’s now going on in the world will not be bombs and rockets, but a test of wills and ideas, a trial of spiritual resolve, the values we hold, the beliefs we cherish, the ideals to which we are dedicated. 
By 1945, the United States had con-tributed about half of the world’s en-tire economic activity, and, in 1991, we emerged from the Cold War as the world’s sole superpower. The Soviet Union was in a glorious free fall, shed-ding republics by the day. Eastern Eu-rope was squinting out into the light of liberation for the first time in 40 years. Free markets and free minds were sweeping the world. I vividly recall the fall of the Berlin Wall. At the time, I was in Africa, as-sisting in the transition to democracy of the newly independent country of Namibia, as it shrugged off the shack-les of apartheid. A continent away, a dissident play-wright, Vaclav Havel, emerged from a Communist prison to become the Presi-dent of a liberated Czechoslovakia. In appearing before a joint session of our Congress, he praised the powerful inspi-ration of American democracy, and he thanked us for liberating Europe, once again, ‘‘from the tyrant’s grip.’’ Both 1945 and 1991 were moments of American global success, when this Na-tion could have easily chosen to have turned inward and to have left the rest of the community of nations to fend for themselves or we could have simply maintained our dominance through sheer economic supremacy and mili-tary strength. We chose neither. Instead, we chose to build the foun-dations of a global order based on the values we venerate, the beliefs we cher-ish, the ideals we aspire to—a world in which leaders must earn the respect of their peers, not through the coercive tactics of bluster and threat but through the virtues of their actions and the wisdom of their policies. Winston Churchill famously opined, ‘‘Democracy is the worst form of Gov-ernment except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time.’’ It was a wry acknowledge-ment that however messy it may some-times seem in practice, democracy’s genius lies in its regular renewal of the people’s mandate, what Thomas Jeffer-son called the ‘‘consent of the gov-erned.’’ It is our responsibility to be the pre-mier example of this democratic order. This is the golden thread that leads all the way back to our Founding Fathers, but today that golden thread of con-tinuity is in danger of being snapped. Today we appear to be turning our back on this responsibility—a responsi-bility upheld by previous generations— the same generations that crafted the Marshall Plan to rebuild Europe and Japan after World War II, helping to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.007 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3275 June 7, 2018 
shape our two most aggressive enemies into two of our most stalwart allies; the generations who crafted pivotal international organizations such as NATO, the United Nations, and the World Trade Organization, forums for multilateral compromise to take the place of war as the primary arbiter of conflict between nations; the genera-tions who negotiated nuclear disar-mament treaties, pulling us back from the brink of atomic Armageddon—but no more. Instead we find ourselves today led by those who express admiration for authoritarianism in Russia, China, the Philippines, and other places that make common cause with bullies and who flirt with tyrants. We see a world descending into an atavistic tribalism, a political primitivism where dealings between nations are driven by fear and antagonism, bullying and threats, taunts and brinkmanship, rather than mutual benefit and comity. We find ourselves led by those who would fall for isolationist instincts and antiquated, preindustrial, protectionist economic philosophies—the very same shortsighted nostrums that ushered in the Great Depression. Those who would reject the decades-long consensus on the virtues of free trade, open markets, international interdependence—the policies which have led to the greatest sustained growth our world has ever seen. What shall our friends make of such erratic behavior? How will they re-spond to such confusing actions? Most importantly, how long will they re-main our friends if this irrational ap-proach continues? Alliances, institutions, and pacts that took generations to patiently build, generations more to solidify, that were paid for in both blood and treasure, are shattered in an ill-tem-pered second, an ill-considered tan-trum, a childish taunt here, a bellicose insult there, incoherent policy utter-ances, often as not by tweet, contra-dicted in the space of a single news cycle. Muddled and mercurial, this is not grownup leadership. Our allies are left baffled, confused, and often ap-palled. Make no mistake, our allies and those who look to American leadership will not wait for us to come to our senses. If we abandon our role as a leader in the world today, it may very well not be there tomorrow. We saw this vividly displayed in the decision to withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Part-nership. After we hastily withdrew from those negotiations, the 11 other countries involved did not go home. They did not give up on trade or come back to us on bended knee, begging us to rejoin the process. They simply shrugged and continued on their own, leaving us behind. Countries in Southeast Asia that would prefer to be part of the American trade orbit will have no other choice than to be sucked into China’s vortex. This is the same China our President correctly acknowledges as America’s primary global competitor. Once again, the absurdity of protectionist policies is laid bare. The question facing us today is this: Do we really want to be the generation that finally gave in to the backward, regressive tug of American isola-tionism? Do we want future genera-tions to refer to American leadership in the world only in the past tense, with a rueful nostalgia? Are we truly ready to abandon this ‘‘shining city on a hill’’ described by John Winthrop and echoed so eloquently by Ronald Reagan? Do we believe the United States of America is still ‘‘the last best hope on earth,’’ as Abraham Lincoln once proclaimed? We are not perfect. We have faltered in our leadership at times; at others we have struggled to determine how best to project our national values, but it is our leadership as the designated driver of the vehicle of world order, the so- called Pax Americana that for more than 70 years has maintained unprece-dented peace and prosperity through-out the world. Yes, the world we live in is far from perfect, but I believe it is a far better place as a result of American leadership. It has been said that the universe ab-hors a vacuum, and if we do not lead, someone else will. Those who are most likely to do so do not share our demo-cratic values. We should not wish for future generations of Americans to come of age in a world led by someone else. ‘‘Freedom,’’ as John F. Kennedy once proclaimed, ‘‘is not merely a word or an abstract theory, but the most effec-tive instrument for advancing the wel-fare of man.’’ We owe it to those gen-erations who have come before us, and those who will come after us, to recog-nize that our defense of that freedom, in all its forms—from free speech and free thought to free markets and free trade—is not an act of recreation. Let us pointedly declare to those who would suggest otherwise that the cross-roads in which we find ourselves is not the early innings of any game but a historic moment in which we will ei-ther affirm our commitment to the val-ues that have served so well for so long or engage in a trade war that will only lead to economic disaster. Let us not falter in our mission to promote and protect the values of freedom. Let us not turn away from this most noble of responsibilities. Let us proudly take the torch passed to us from our parents and our parents’ parents. Let us continue to serve as a beacon of hope, a shining light of freedom seen across a volatile world. This light stretches from the lanterns in Boston’s Old North Church, lit during the ride of Paul Revere, to the light that shines above our Capitol today. It is the light of freedom, the very spirit of America, and it must never be extinguished. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I thank Senator F
LAKE for his comments, his willingness to speak out, and for the courage with which he has spoken. His beliefs, I think, are admirable, and this Senator wants to state that for the record. What he has spoken about does not look down the blind alley of par-tisanship. He is talking about looking at America, and this Senator appre-ciates his remarks. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, I want to talk today about what is happening to the coastal communities in Florida. The Presiding Officer represents Alaska, the State that has the most coastline. Next to Alaska, my State of Florida has more coastline than any other State, and I would venture to say that since Alaska has very few beaches, it ought to be very clear that the State of Florida has more beaches than any other State. That, of course, is an attraction that becomes an economic engine because people from all over the world want to come to enjoy the sands of Florida’s beaches and enjoy the bounty of nature the Lord has provided, but we better watch out because we are starting to mess it up. Yesterday, NOAA, the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, released data that the contiguous United States had the warmest May on record. The entire continent of the United States had the warmest May on record. The heat is having real-world impacts. NOAA also released its ‘‘2017 State of High Tide Flooding and 2018 Outlook.’’ During 2017, the average high-tide flooding in the United States was the highest ever recorded. In 2018, NOAA predicts that high-tide flooding will be 60 percent more frequent across U.S. coastlines than it was 18 years ago in 2000, primarily because of the local sea level rise. Doesn’t this suggest something? In the lower latitudes, our seas are rising. It should not surprise us. It doesn’t surprise this Senator. We got a glimpse of this when 4 years ago I took our Commerce Committee to Miami Beach and in fact had a hearing. One of the witnesses was a NASA sci-entist, Dr. Piers Sellers, a prestigious scientist and former astronaut who, unfortunately, we lost to cancer just recently. At the hearing he said, ‘‘By the end of the century, the intensity of hurricanes . . . will increase . . . but even if hurricane frequency and inten-sity do not change, rising sea levels and coastal development will likely in-crease the impact of hurricanes and other coastal storms on those coastal communities and infrastructure.’’ I would like to show a picture. A pic-ture tells the real story. This shows a sunny day in Miami Beach—a sunny day when the king tide is flooding Miami Beach. OK. That is obvious, looking at it. This happens frequently at high tide. What has the city of Miami Beach had to do? Spend tens of millions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.009 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3276 June 7, 2018 
dollars on big pumps and raising the level of the road to try to alleviate this problem. This is happening with some frequency in South Florida. Dr. Sellers testified back in 2014 that not projec-tions or forecasts but actual measure-ments showed the sea had risen over the last four decades 5 to 8 inches. Let’s take another look at other flooding. That photo was Miami Beach, which is down at the southeast part of the peninsula of Florida. This photo was taken in downtown Sarasota. Sara-sota is on the Gulf Coast and is closer to the middle of the peninsula; in other words, about 150 miles north of the latitude of Miami Beach. The vice mayor brought me these pictures of Sarasota. Look at this car on the street. Pictures don’t tell the full story. We held another field hearing in West Palm Beach a year ago, and the Broward County resilience officer came to Palm Beach County for that hearing and showed a video of a man biking along the city of Fort Lauderdale, where the sidewalk is submerged in water. In other words, what has hap-pened in Miami Beach is happening in the Las Olas section of Fort Lauder-dale. Then we took the committee to St. Petersburg, which is on the opposite coast, the gulf coast, where the city has designed its new pier out of float-ing docks to accommodate the rising sea as they rise up and down in Tampa Bay. Or how about St. Augustine, where the public works department is seeing nuisance flooding from high tides that are overwhelming their storm water system. All of these are examples of how sea level rise affects coastal Florida on sunny days, not rainstorm days. The NASA scientist at our hearing was talking about how climate could exac-erbate damage from hurricanes. Why? Because if the water is warmer, that is the fuel for a hurricane, and that is what is sucked up into that vortex as the hurricane feeds itself. The hotter the water it is over, the more fero-cious—and likely frequent—those storms will be. Warmer ocean water fuels hurricanes, making them more intense, and the sea level rise com-pounds the storm surge and the rain- induced flooding. Let me show you another image. Here is an image that shows what Flor-ida’s coastal communities face when the Sun is not shining. This is during a rainstorm. Here is flooding in Jackson-ville. Where is Jacksonville? It is at the north end of the peninsula. It is al-most right next to the Georgia line. You can see a sign that says ‘‘no skateboarding’’ is almost completely engulfed by the rising water. Then you think: What about a place further south on the latitudes, Puerto Rico? Hurricane Maria absolutely rav-aged that island, and it is not an exag-geration to say that climate change and sea level rise are putting people’s lives and their property at risk. It is the reality. I am going to continue to extend an invitation to our colleagues. I want you to come with me to Florida, and I want to show you these impacts. I have had the privilege of taking several of our colleagues to the Florida Ever-glades, where alligators are plentiful, to see this unusual ecosystem as we travel about in an airboat. I want you to come and see what is happening as a result of the rising water, and the real question is, What are we going to do about it? There are two pieces to the solution. One is that we are going to have to stop putting so many greenhouse gas-ses into the air. CO
2, which is carbon dioxide, and methane are the two big culprits. Part of the solution is climate mitigation, which means we must in-vest in new technology, in the economy of the future—things like wind, solar, electric vehicles, and more efficient buildings. We are going to have to make our communities more resilient to the greenhouse gasses and the warming that they already have caused in the system. This is called climate change adaptation. You don’t have to agree with climate science to know that it makes sense; it makes dollars and cents to do this. We are talking about strengthening our building codes to withstand wind events. We are talking about restoring the function of the floodplains so that when 2 to 3 feet of rainwater suddenly gets dumped in one place, it can absorb and gradually recede. We are talking about rebuilding natural flood protec-tion, like sand dunes and beaches. In the Commerce Committee we have heard countless stories from local gov-ernment officials that if they could have invested before the natural catas-trophe that hit them, they would have saved the Federal Government a lot of money by avoiding the enormous cost of the disaster response and relief itself, not to mention reducing the risk to human life. The proof is in front of our very eyes. The photos we have shown—let’s show the rest of them here—don’t lie. Yet here we are upon another hurricane season. Of course, we hope the big storms don’t come, but the likelihood is that they will. Remember, they don’t necessarily go just to Florida. Remember Hurricane Sandy? Look what it did to the Northeast. We hope we don’t see any more of these harrowing images. But, as we hope, we are going to have to act be-cause what we have shown here in these photos today is not about projec-tions; it is about real-time observation. Let’s quit ignoring the obvious. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE REPUBLICAN -LED 
CONGRESS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, sometimes when I am traveling across Tennessee, someone will come up to me and say: Why don’t you guys in the U.S. Senate ever do anything? So I have taken to carrying around a little card that I keep in my pocket. I hand it to them and I say: Well, I can read this to you in about 30 seconds, and this is what has happened in the last 18 months: the best economy in 18 years; lower taxes; biggest reforms in 31 years; biggest increase in financial sup-port for the military in 15 years; big-gest pay raise in 8 years for the mili-tary; more repeal of regulations than anyone can remember; a Supreme Court Justice; 21 conservative appeals court judges; Alaska energy, which took 38 years, and the Presiding Officer knows all about that; a new National Labor Relations Board, which could be the most important change of all; re-pealed the ObamaCare individual man-date; the Dodd-Frank mortgage rules are gone; Veterans Choice, which the President signed yesterday; Iran, Rus-sia, and North Korea sanctions. All of that would not have happened without a Republican President, and it would not have happened without Re-publican majorities in the U.S. Con-gress. It took both. The person who asks me ‘‘When are you guys ever going to do anything?’’ will often say ‘‘Well, I didn’t know that; I hadn’t realized that.’’ So I am very proud of that record; that is in 18 months. I think if you like a conservative government, a center- right government, you would have to agree that those are the most accom-plishments in at least 30 years in this country. The President should be just-ly proud of that, and so should the Con-gress. TARIFFS  
Mr. President, despite the fact that I agree with President Trump on taxes, judges, regulations, and the list I just read, there is one area in which I have been supremely ineffective in per-suading him, and that is in the area of tariffs. I care about tariffs, especially be-cause Tennessee has become, in many ways, the No. 1 auto state. I have spent a lot of time over the last 40 years watching the auto industry in Ten-nessee grow—ever since I helped to re-cruit the Nissan plant to Tennessee in 1980 as Governor at a time when we had literally no auto jobs—and suddenly today, one-third of our manufacturing jobs are auto jobs. They are not only in three big auto plants, like Nissan, Gen-eral Motors, and Volkswagen, but they are in over 900 different auto suppliers in 88 of Tennessee’s 95 counties. Let me say that again: We have over 900 auto suppliers in 88 of 95 of Ten-nessee’s counties—one-third of all of our manufacturing jobs. Nothing has done more in the last 40 years to move us from the third poorest State in aver-age family incomes up toward the mid-dle and heading toward the top. It has been the greatest source of benefit for Tennessee families of anything that has happened, so you can see why I be-come concerned when anything threat-ens that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.010 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3277 June 7, 2018 
A 25-percent tariff on steel and a 10- percent tariff on aluminum threatens that because almost every one of those auto parts suppliers in Tennessee uses aluminum and steel in making their parts for cars and trucks that will be sold in the United States and exported around the world. If your price goes up, what usually happens is your profits go down, your sales go down, and your wages don’t go up as fast or jobs might disappear. That is what happened when President George W. Bush did something similar at the beginning of his term. I had just come to the U.S. Senate in 2003, and President Bush tried to protect the steel companies, but what he did was hurt everyone else more than the steel companies. There were more jobs lost in the companies that used steel than in the companies that produced steel. Already, I am hearing stories all across our State about the effects of tariffs, and I was hearing stories about the potential effects of tariffs even be-fore they were imposed. For example, not just auto parts but Electrolux—a big home appliance manufacturer plan-ning a $250 million new plant to make home appliances in Springfield, TN— buys 100 percent of its steel in the United States. But as soon as the steel tariffs were announced, it put that ex-pansion on hold because when you raise the price of steel coming into the United States, then all the domestic suppliers raise their prices. Electrolux said that even though it bought all of its steel from U.S. suppliers, it couldn’t be competitive in the marketplace with tariffs on imported steel. That is one example. Here is a different kind of example. Bush Brothers in East Tennessee, in Newport, has a remarkable operation. They can one-third of all the beans in the United States. You have probably bought Bush Brothers beans. Well, the cans have a certain kind of steel that is mostly imported because not enough of it is made in the United States. Bush Brothers estimates that the tariff on steel will reduce their revenues by 8.5 percent. They are a big company. That is one-third of all beans in the United States. These aren’t served in country clubs. These are people who are in ordi-nary homes around the country buying cans of baked beans. Their prices go up, and the revenues go down, profits go down, employees go down, jobs go down, and wages don’t go up in New-port, TN. Then we have two big tire companies in Tennessee. Bridgestone is one of them. All tires have a strengthening kind of steel to make them stronger. None of that is produced in the United States. All of it is imported. So when you put a 25-percent tax on that strengthening steel coming in for the tires there at Bridgestone and at Hankook, in Clarksville, TN, up goes the price for American consumers who buy tires, and down go the profits for Bridgestone and Hankook, and down go the revenues, and down go the opportu-nities for increased wages and jobs. So think about the impact of a 25- percent increase on the materials you use to make parts in the companies that employ one-third of all the manu-facturing jobs in Tennessee. We have a big, strong auto industry in the South-eastern United States. We think a lot about the Midwest, and we are proud of that. While the Midwest lost 3.6 million jobs in the last 20 years in the auto in-dustry, the Southeast gained 3.6 mil-lion jobs. We have a good, strong auto industry in Tennessee, and we don’t want to see it hurt. That is why I have respectfully said to President Trump—I saw him in Nashville last week, and I said: Mr. President, as you know, I agree with you, and I am proud of what has hap-pened with the best economy in the last 18 years with lower taxes, with fewer regulations, and all of those things. These are the most significant accomplishments in at least 30 years by a conservative government. I would like to persuade you to change your mind on tariffs. Our State is likely to be hurt more than any other State be-cause, in many ways, we are the No. 1 auto State. What I would suggest, re-spectfully, is a focus shift from tariffs to reciprocity; in other words, say to every country: Please do for us what we do for you. We are going to insist on that. And then we have various tools and weapons—maybe including tariffs in some cases—to enforce that. But the goal should be, you do for us what we do for you. Mexico and Canada can do that. That shouldn’t be a problem. The trade def-icit is not the right indicator with Mexico and Canada. We produce nearly 24 percent of all the money in the world in the United States. Mexico pro-duces about 1 percent. So they spend 25 percent of their money buying stuff from us, and we spend one-fifth of 1 percent buying stuff from them. Let’s not focus on the trade deficit. Let’s not start with tariffs. Say to other countries: Do for us what we do for you. Go country by country and en-force that. That would be consistent with all the other accomplishments that happened in the last 18 months. That would be consistent with the lower taxes and the fewer regulations and the other actions that have in-creased the best economy in the last 18 years. It is my hope that I can become more persuasive on that. Article I, sec-tion 8, gives Congress the specific right to deal with tariffs and trade, and I hope we do. Madam President, if I may say one more thing about the vote we will be having at 12:30. Today the Senate is fi-nally voting to confirm Ken Marcus, a well-qualified nominee, to serve as As-sistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the Department of Education. I worked to get a time agreement for this vote because Mr. Marcus did not deserve to be the subject of the Demo-crats’ unreasonable and unnecessary obstruction and delays. I want to thank Senator M
URRAY from Wash-ington and the Democratic leader, Sen-ator SCHUMER , for helping to bring these delays to a conclusion today. For example, Mr. Marcus was nomi-nated on October 30, 2017—220 days ago. He has been pending on the floor since the HELP Committee approved his nomination on January 18, 2018—140 days ago. To compare, President Obama’s two nominees to this position, Russlynn Ali and Catherine Lhamon, were confirmed in 45 and 52 days, and both were confirmed by a voice vote. That doesn’t mean that every Repub-lican supported these nominees, but it means we knew that students would be better served when the Department of Education had a confirmed civil rights official in place even if Republicans might disagree with that person. I would remind my colleagues that when President Obama proposed to have John King serve as Acting Sec-retary of Education for 1 year, I said: Mr. President, the country is better served and we are better served if you send us a nomination and let us con-firm Mr. King, even though we disagree with him. The President did that. I made sure he was confirmed within a month. That is what should happen when a President makes nominations. It is time to confirm Mr. Marcus and give Secretary DeVos and our country an Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights. Mr. Marcus has a deep under-standing of civil rights law. He founded the Louis D. Brandeis Center for Human Rights Under Law and served as Staff Director for the U.S. Commis-sion on Civil Rights for four years. He effectively served in this position be-fore. When he worked in the Depart-ment of Education under President George W. Bush, he was delegated the authority of Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights. In that position, he was charged with enforcing civil rights laws, such as Title IX, and he issued guidance reminding schools of their ob-ligation, established in regulation, to have in place Title IX coordinators and procedures for when there was an al-leged Title IX violation. Mr. Marcus enjoys wide support. Sixty-eight organizations signed let-ters supporting his nomination, includ-ing Hillel International, the largest Jewish campus organization in the world, which had this to say: 
‘‘Mr. Marcus has been a longtime cham-pion for civil rights and for college students. We have worked personally with him on sev-eral campuses across the country in response to specific issues of bigotry and discrimina-tion, and we have found him to be extremely skilled and knowledgeable in Civil Rights laws.’’ 
As Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Mr. Marcus will lead a very im-portant office. The Office for Civil Rights has the responsibility of ensur-ing that Title IX and other civil rights laws, and the protections they provide to all students, are fully enforced. When Mr. Marcus is confirmed, he will get to work enforcing these laws so that all students feel safe at school. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.012 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3278 June 7, 2018 
I am glad we are having this vote today. I support the nomination, and I urge my colleagues to support Mr. Marcus as well. I yield the floor. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I op-pose the confirmation of Kenneth Marcus to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the Department of Edu-cation. Mr. Marcus has a long record of targeting First Amendment-protected speech and scholarship of people with whom he disagrees. His history also re-flects a hostility towards civil rights, including making racially charged ac-cusations and opposing affirmative ac-tion. In addition, Mr. Marcus has not publicly committed to upholding the civil rights protections of every stu-dent in the country, without regard to LGBTQI status, race, home language, gender, religion, disability, or immi-gration status. I am particularly concerned with Mr. Marcus’s nomination, given the impor-tant role that the Office of Civil Rights—OCR—plays in protecting stu-dents from discrimination in schools and on campuses, as well as holding schools accountable for their sexual as-sault prevention policies. As we are all aware, Secretary DeVos and Acting OCR Director Candice Jackson have al-ready taken very concerning steps to roll back guidance and investigations of potential civil rights violations. Given his testimony before the Senate HELP committee, I fear Mr. Marcus will likely contribute to this troubling pattern of neglect at the Department. According to a joint statement by UnidosUS and National Urban League: ‘‘Kenneth Marcus’ troubling record with regard to enforcing the rights of immigrant students and English learn-ers, and past attempts to undermine critical policies aimed at remedying racial discrimination, including affirm-ative action. Mr. Marcus [also] has a demonstrated history of hostility to-ward affirmative action and all race- based remedies to discrimination. He lacks a commitment to enforcing civil rights protections for students of color, and does not believe in disparate-im-pact or unintentional discrimination. J Street released a statement expressing its concerns with Kenneth Marcus’ nomination, stating that ‘‘[s]tudents deserve an assistant secretary who will uphold all of our community’s values and priorities—including support for the fight against sexual violence and all forms of discrimination. We need government officials who will defend women and all those impacted by sex-ual violence, and who will fight this epidemic on college campuses and in our society. It’s evident that Marcus would be an obstacle and not an ally in this work. His record shows that he is not prepared to take a stand against the many forms of discrimination based on gender, race, sexual identity and disability that harm students today.’’ In addition, the following various education, civil and disability rights groups oppose the nomination: Amer-ican Association of University Women, AAUW; American Federation of Teach-ers; American-Arab Anti-Discrimina-tion Committee; Americans for Peace Now; Arab American Institute; Asian Americans Advancing Justice; Autistic Self Advocacy Network; Center for Law and Social Policy, CLASP; Disability Rights Education & Defense Fund; End Rape on Campus; Feminist Majority Foundation; Hispanic Federation; Human Rights Campaign; J Street; Jewish Voices for Peace; Lambda Legal; Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights Under Law; The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; League of United Latin American Citi-zens; Middle East Studies Association of North America; Muslim Advocates; NAACP; NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund; National Alliance for Partnerships in Equity, NAPE; Na-tional Bar Association; National Cen-ter for Lesbian Rights; National Center for Transgender Equality; National Council of Jewish Women; National Education Association; National Urban League; National Women’s Law Center; Know Your IX; People for American Way; Policy Link; Poverty & Race Re-search Action Council; Southeast Asia Resource Action Center; Southern Pov-erty Law Center; TASH; UnidosUS, for-merly NCLR; and YWCA USA. Given the widespread opposition to Mr. Marcus’s nomination, his troubling testimony in support of his confirma-tion, I cannot support his nomination. I urge my colleagues to likewise oppose it. (At the request of Mr. D
URBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I rise today to oppose the nomination of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of Education. The U.S. Department of Education’s Office for Civil Rights, OCR, was estab-lished to address discrimination that prevents all students from receiving an equal opportunity to learn. No student should experience harmful discrimina-tion because of their race, gender, dis-ability, religion, ethnicity, sexual ori-entation, or gender identity. Based on Mr. Marcus’s record and performance during his confirmation process, I have no confidence that he is ready to effectively lead OCR and robustly enforce civil rights protec-tions throughout the country. Mr. Marcus’s demonstrated lack of com-mitment to the mission of OCR and his failure to understand that all children, regardless of citizenship status, have a right to attend public schools, are warning signs that the nominee is not the right person to lead OCR. Students in Illinois and across the Nation deserve a leader of OCR who will actively investigate and enforce civil rights protections, particularly in cases where there is evidence of sys-temic discrimination. An unwillingness or inability to address comprehensive, systemic discrimination in education is disqualifying, and I must oppose Mr. Marcus’s confirmation.∑ The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. FISCHER ). The Senator from Kansas. 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I want to speak briefly about the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, which will soon be our topic of busi-ness. I compliment the Armed Services Committee for their diligence and their efforts to authorize appropriations for our Armed Forces in a very thoughtful and deliberative manner. I have submitted several amend-ments. I want to talk about a par-ticular one to that underlying bill, amendment No. 2269, which is cospon-sored by the senior Senator from Kan-sas, Mr. R
OBERTS , as well as Senator G
ILLIBRAND from New York and the Democratic leader, Senator S
CHUMER  from New York. Our amendment takes the same ap-proach that the committee takes by addressing the Army’s internal process on force structure—to thoughtfully de-liberate how and where the Army makes smart investments, which in-cludes the stationing decisions for sol-diers and families that have a con-sequence not only on those soldiers and families but also on the cost of defend-ing our country for decades to come. Fortunately, both the Department of Defense and the Army are now experi-encing a much-needed period of time in which there is growth—opportunities for us to spend additional dollars to de-fend our Nation. Our Armed Forces are modernizing, and they are increasing their readiness and lethality to be in a position to better deter, confront, and defeat adversaries in a security envi-ronment more complex and volatile than possibly anytime in our country’s history, certainly within recent time. During this moment of growth, the Army ought not miss the opportunity to conduct due diligence in all of their decisions and invest wisely to pay down the cost in the future. The Army is focusing on reform and seeking to maximize the value of every dollar, to operate transparently, and to appropriately use the resources that the Congress has entrusted to them. They are taxpayer dollars. With this focus on reform, transparency, and on using every dollar wisely, this amend-ment No. 2269 helps the Army maxi-mize the value of every dollar, operate transparently with Congress, and ap-propriately use the resources entrusted to them. I have been working with Army staff and senior leadership since February of this year to better understand their process, and I thank them for their ef-forts and the straightforward conversa-tions we have had during this process. Based upon our conversations and testimony, my amendment codifies the transparency they are seeking and up-dates to the Army’s stationing process that will better ensure that the Army 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.013 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3279 June 7, 2018 
is making wiser decisions, more cost- effective decisions, and are making de-cisions that are beneficial in the long term. Stationing decisions are long-term decisions. They will impact the Army for many years to come. If we have learned anything from recent budget cycles, as the Commandant of the Ma-rine Corps, General Neller, said before our Appropriations Defense Sub-committee several times, it is that the only certainty is uncertainty. The Army has the benefit of a grow-ing budget right now, but in future years, there will surely be periods of fiscal stress and uncertainty where smart investments today will be paid forward. Our intent with the amendment is to support the Army in making decisions based on fair, open, and comprehensive data—particularly long-term cost fac-tors—that will help the Army save dol-lars in future years. Those savings can be put where they are desperately needed—toward training, supporting our soldiers and their families, sus-taining our weapons, and increasing the Army’s readiness and lethality. I appreciate the help I have had from the Armed Services Committee, and I appreciate the chairman, Senator M
CCAIN, and his staff. I also appreciate very much my colleague from Okla-homa, Senator I
NHOFE , for his efforts in this regard. I appreciate their interest in my amendment. I will be happy to respond to any questions my colleagues may have on the merits of this amendment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
CHINA AND THE STUDENT VISA PROGRAM  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I thank my friend from Kansas. I want to talk a little bit about a hearing I chaired yesterday, a Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigra-tion hearing that was called ‘‘Student Visa Integrity: Protecting Educational Opportunity and National Security.’’ The point of the hearing was to raise awareness about a very serious issue and to hear from the Federal agencies responsible for our national security, visa policy, and the vetting of foreign nationals studying in the United States. We hoped to shed light on policies and procedures that are in place, what should be in place but is not, and to ad-dress what has become a growing source of concern; that is, foreign countries taking advantage of their international students studying in the United States and turning them into intelligence assets or otherwise using them to gain information that will help other countries grow their econ-omy and their military in a way that undermines U.S. leadership in both of those areas. That issue relates primarily to Chi-na’s aggressive plan to surpass the United States on all fronts—militarily, economically, and technologically— and to do so by whatever means nec-essary. We already know that China is perhaps the No. 1 abuser of cyber space to steal intellectual property and to use that to advance its economy or its military. They have been very public about their ultimate goal; that is, to use whatever means they need in order to advance their economy or their military. It is important to remember that China is not a democracy like ours. China is a Communist country guided by a doctrine that does not recognize the human rights or individual rights that we take for granted here in the United States and in other democ-racies. They made it very clear what they intend to do. For example, in its ‘‘Made in China 2025’’ strategy, which is some-thing that has been published—you can read it yourself—China is accelerating its efforts to acquire U.S. intellectual property and sensitive research. That is where our universities in particular come in. Billions of Federal tax dollars—I think it is $178 billion in the Omnibus appropriations bill alone—are given to universities to conduct research to benefit the American people and hope-fully all of humankind. Some of that research is sensitive because it is clas-sified research. We had, for example, the head of security at the Texas A&M University System talk about the steps they have taken to protect that from prying eyes because of the sensitivity of some of that research. Universities are ground zero in this threat. This past February, Director Christopher Wray testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee in an open hearing about the security risk posed by certain Chinese students, vis-iting scientists, and scholars at Amer-ican colleges and universities. His re-marks were brief, and because of the sensitive and classified aspects of some part of what he said, he couldn’t pro-vide the full context and breadth in that open setting, but what he did say publicly was alarming. He said that the FBI is ‘‘watching warily’’ and that ‘‘na-ivete’’ was exacerbating the problem. What I think he meant by that is that people were simply unaware and thus unprepared for what was happening. He also made very clear that the Chinese Government was intent on doing what-ever it needed to do—whether it is placing intelligence officers or other agents of the Chinese Government on campuses—to get the information they want. We are fortunate to have the world’s top universities and colleges, and they are known for their open research, which fosters collaboration and innova-tion across a broad array of industry sectors and academic disciplines. One of the crown jewels of our country is our colleges and universities and the research they do, but our openness is also a vulnerability when being ex-ploited by other countries for their own purposes. What is happening now, Director Wray says, is that foreign actors have taken advantage of that open environ-ment and are using it to study, learn, and acquire sensitive information to the detriment of U.S. national secu-rity—and that is what we are primarily talking about here. It is not an isolated problem. Direc-tor Wray said that the Federal Bureau of Investigation is actively monitoring universities in all of its 56 field offices across the country, not just in major cities. Nearly all students and visiting scholars come for legitimate reasons. I take that as a given. We are not talk-ing about everybody; we are talking about the isolated few. But the danger still remains. Most are here to learn and share our culture and to contribute their talents to America. I tend to think that our colleges and universities are the best elements of our soft power as a nation. When peo-ple come here and learn more about us and where we share values, perhaps even take those values back to their home country and serve as someone we can talk to and work with in the fu-ture, it promotes world peace, pro-motes mutual understanding, and, as I said, I think it is one of the most im-portant elements of our soft power as a country. I am not here suggesting that we ought to conflate Chinese Communist Party influence on all students and academics—far from it. Students from across the world are certainly wel-come; we welcome them with open arms to come to study at our colleges and universities, and I encourage them to explore opportunities to do so. What yesterday’s hearing was actu-ally about was not them but a small subset of people we should be con-cerned about—security risks, those who are here to steal and exploit our intellectual property and our national security and economic advantages, peo-ple who don’t respect the rule of law as we do when it comes to intellectual property rights. As the FBI Director said, we can’t be naive. This theft is occurring. It has been well documented, and we have to take the necessary preventive meas-ures to ensure that it doesn’t continue. By the way, I have mentioned one country, China, but certainly these concerns are not limited to China. There are more than 5,000 Russian stu-dents studying in the United States. There are other countries, including state sponsors of terrorism, like Iran, that have foreign students here, ac-tively working to steal U.S. technology and bypass expensive research and de-velopment and exploit the student visa program to gain information that will benefit their countries. I will just pause for a moment to say that we spend untold amounts of money in this country—taxpayers’ hard-earned money—to research and develop the newest, most innovative products. That is true in the military sector and in the nonmilitary sector. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.014 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3280 June 7, 2018 
But when the American taxpayer pays to produce the necessary weapons and necessary infrastructure to protect us and our security, and other countries are actively trying to steal it and don’t have to pay that research and develop-ment cost, we can see the obvious prob-lem. Yesterday’s hearing exposed a bigger problem, and that is the issue of com-peting global visions. Communist China makes no secret of the fact that Karl Marx is, in effect, their national hero. There was a week-long celebra-tion in China just last month, which included a mandatory study session, led by President Xi, of Marx’s famous work, ‘‘The Communist Manifesto.’’ Events like this show that China, while a rival, in some ways could be a wolf in sheep’s clothing when it comes to its most aggressive tactics, which I men-tioned just a moment ago. When it tries to present itself as a westernizing economy and a friend of the global community of nations, China conven-iently ignores facts about its alter-native development model and its state-controlled economy, the fact that it respects no law in pursuit of those policies. It also disguises and downplays its geopolitical aims—to re-write the rules of our world order and recreate them in China’s own image. Whether it is China’s increasing bel-ligerence in places like the South China Sea, its crushing of internal po-litical dissent, its flagrant human rights violations, or its population con-trols—like the one-child policy, which I understand has now been relaxed, but parents are not free to have all the children they want. It is controlled by the government; you have to ask the government’s permission—China has repeatedly shown itself as a power-hun-gry authoritarian country, willing and able to violate the rights of its own people and dismissive and contemp-tuous of international norms and inter-national law. I don’t intend to sound hyperbolic about this, but this is the truth. So let’s not deceive ourselves into believ-ing otherwise. That is what Director Christopher Wray of the FBI calls na-ivete. Let’s not be naive. Let’s be wary when China tries to just blend in inter-nationally. Its rosy rhetoric and mis-leading narrative of cooperation are often camouflaged for its true and more troubling aims. We know that there are high-level negotiations between the United States and the Chinese Government on the issue of trade, and that is a good thing. Madam President, how much time do I have remaining? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no time remaining for the majority. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent for one minute to wrap up. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I joined a number of other Senators, 27 Senators, to talk about ongoing trade negotiations with China. The main point of the letter was to emphasize that there is no question that China is actively seeking to surpass the United States economically and militarily. It is imperative that neither the Federal Government nor private U.S. compa-nies abet that effort either deliberately or inadvertently. When it comes to China, national se-curity isn’t just a pretext for economic protectionism. It should not be. I, like many of my colleagues, believe strong-ly in free trade, and we shouldn’t use national security as a pretext for eco-nomic protection. But the national se-curity concerns are indeed real, for ex-ample, in the ZTE matter, which is a subject of some debate—as it should be—and discussion here in the Congress following the negotiation by Secretary Ross of a deal that he is proposing. For those of us who serve on the In-telligence Committee and on the Armed Services Committee, I assure you, the threat China poses is real, and the dangers we worry about are already taking effect. Our inaction could have only negative consequences, and we need to aim to prevent any future neg-ative consequences for our country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I come to the floor today to speak on the nomination of Kenneth Marcus to lead the Department of Education’s Office for Civil Rights, a nomination we are going to vote on in just a few minutes. First of all, I want to say that I am pleased President Trump and Secretary DeVos have moved away from their original choice for this position. I be-lieve the current Acting Assistant Sec-retary, Candice Jackson, is unfit for this role and should be removed from her current position, not just because of the callous, insensitive, and egre-gious comments she made regarding sexual assault on college campuses but also because of the way she has worked to narrow the role of this office and back away from enforcing transgender students’ rights and take away the tools and resources it has as an office to protect our students and actually move it away from its core mission. So as I have said before, I am very glad President Trump and Secretary DeVos decided to nominate someone else to replace Ms. Jackson. Secondly, I want to thank this nomi-nee, Kenneth Marcus, for his service over the years and for his commitment to the goal of halting discrimination on our college campuses, which is cer-tainly an issue the OCR will face in light of incidents of hateful rhetoric and violence occurring on our cam-puses and in schools. I respect Mr. Marcus’s commitment, but right now, in this administration, it is not enough. We are now just a bit more than 500 days into President Trump’s term, and when it comes to his record and his rhetoric on civil rights, I haven’t been surprised once. I want to start with his rhetoric. This is a President who kicked off his campaign by calling Mexicans crimi-nals, who has called for a ban on all Muslims coming to America, who has openly ridiculed a journalist with a dis-ability, who has openly demeaned women, who defended White suprema-cists rallying in Charlottesville by say-ing there were ‘‘many fine people’’ among them, who compared immi-grants to ‘‘animals’’ and referred to en-tire countries with an expletive I will not repeat on the Senate floor. Sadly, I can go on. It goes beyond his hateful rhetoric. President Trump has tried to imple-ment that Muslim ban. He has actually rolled back guidance on enforcing transgender students’ rights. He re-voked title IX guidance, which protects women and helps bring perpetrators of sexual assault to justice, halted inves-tigations into systemic discrimination, and has pushed his administration to engage in appalling behavior on our border, dehumanizing immigrants and separating kids from their families. That list goes on. I feel very confident in saying that when it comes to civil rights, when it comes to the rights and safety of women, of people of color, of LGBTQ people, of people with disabilities, this President has purposefully fanned the flames of racism, ableism, bigotry, and sexism in ways that we have not seen in a generation, and anyone who cares about civil rights in America should be able to point that out. That is why I was so disappointed that President Trump’s nominee to lead the Department of Education’s Of-fice for Civil Rights could not answer one of my questions at his hearing. When I asked Mr. Marcus to name a single example of something President Trump has said or done that he dis-agrees with when it comes to discrimi-nation or women’s rights or civil rights, he couldn’t say one—not a sin-gle example, and that is all I was look-ing for. He could have talked about how President Trump has stoked hatred and division of Muslims and Latinos; maybe he disagreed with that. He could have talked about how President Trump has downplayed hate crimes against minority communities here in America; maybe he could have said he disagreed with that. He could have talked about how President Trump nominated Jeff Sessions to lead his Justice Department, someone with a record of opposing civil rights protec-tions; maybe he disagreed with that. He could have talked about how Presi-dent Trump named someone hostile to LGBTQ rights to lead the Office for Civil Rights in the Department of Health and Human Services; maybe he could have disagreed with that. He could have talked about any of the ways President Trump has tried to weaken and has actually weakened the office Mr. Marcus is nominated to lead; maybe he disagreed with that. Unfortu-nately, in this administration, there is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.015 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3281 June 7, 2018 
almost no end to the options Mr. Marcus had when I asked him a simple question, but we do not know where he stands because he wouldn’t name a sin-gle thing—not one. He said: ‘‘I really couldn’t say, Sen-ator.’’ That was his response to my question. There are reasons to oppose this nomination, but for me, this non-response to what should be an easy question was enough for me. We have to have someone in this position who is not only able to say that he disagrees with President Trump when it comes to civil rights; we need someone who is prepared to stand up to him. We need someone who is not only able to say they stand on the side of civil rights in the face of constant attacks; we need someone who is actually willing to dis-agree with their bosses—President Trump and Secretary DeVos—when civil rights are being threatened. But Mr. Marcus could not commit to me that he would do either, and that is something I simply cannot support. I will be opposing this nomination, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. We yield back our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Marcus nomi-nation? Mrs. MURRAY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
OONS ), and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 50, nays 46, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 118 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Blumenthal Coons Duckworth McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The Senator from Oklahoma. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUESTS— H.R. 5515 Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session and resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 5515; further, that the motion be agreed to and Senator I
NHOFE —my-self—or his designee be recognized to offer the substitute amendment, No. 2282, which is the text of the Senate-re-ported bill. I further ask that it be in order for Senator B
OOZMAN or his des-ignee to call up amendment No. 2276 and for Senator R
EEDor his designee to call up amendment No. 2284 and that the amendments be debated concur-rently, with the time equally divided until 2 p.m.; finally, that at 2 p.m., the Senate vote in relation to the Boozman and Reed amendments, in the order listed, with no second-degree amend-ments in order to the amendments prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, two bedrock prin-ciples of American jurisprudence are the presumption of innocence and the right to have a trial by jury. I have one amendment that I would ask unani-mous consent be included in this bill. This amendment would ensure that no American would ever be held indefi-nitely in prison without having a trial by jury. I can’t imagine why we can’t have this. One Republican Senator has been blocking this for 6 years. I object to this unanimous consent request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that we allow my amendment to be heard and voted on in the upcoming bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma has the floor. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, first of all, I agree with Senator PAUL’s amendment and have agreed with his amendment, and I have made it very clear for a long period of time. Procedurally, I want to get to it, and it is my intention to have a vote on it. That will have to come after we are on the bill. We need to get on the bill first. So I do object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-sume legislative session and resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 5515. I further ask that not-withstanding rule XXII, the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5515 at 1:45 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 442, H.R. 5515, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
HONORING NEBRASKA ’S SOLDIERS WHO LOST  
THEIR LIVES IN COMBAT  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise to continue my tribute to Nebraska’s heroes and the current generation of men and women who have given their lives while defending our freedom in Iraq and Afghanistan. Each of these Nebraskans has a powerful story of an-swering the call to serve. 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS TRICIA JAMESON  
Today I honor the life of Nebraska Army National Guard SFC Tricia Jameson. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.016 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3282 June 7, 2018 
Tricia grew up in St. Paul, which is a small town in central Nebraska’s farm country. She had a love for animals and wanted to pursue a career as a vet-erinarian. Tricia usually kept to her-self and was not outspoken, but she displayed great determination when something was important to her. In elementary school, upon learning that she and other young girls could not play organized softball, she started a letter-writing campaign to change the rules. The community soon took notice and revised the policy to include girls her age. When her friend took his own life because he was picked on at school, Tricia again took up her pen and wrote a letter that was published in a local newspaper, whereby she con-demned bullying and honored the life of her friend. She advocated for what is right and how others should be treated. In looking back, it seems obvious that her selfless spirit would, one day, lead her to serve her country. Tricia attended St. Paul High School, where she was a determined athlete. She participated in volleyball and set athletic records that still stand to this day. Her family then moved to Omaha. She spent her senior year at Millard South High School and graduated in 1989. Like many young people, Tricia saw the benefits of joining the National Guard as it could provide extra income and help her with her college tuition. She joined in 1994. It didn’t take long before her grit and determination caught the eye of her superiors. They rewarded her with a promotion to be-come a full-time training instructor at Camp Ashland. As combat intensified in Afghanistan and Iraq, so too did the need to im-prove battlefield medical knowledge. Sergeant Jameson was assigned to im-prove the combat lifesaver course. The course teaches soldiers basic medical skills for application on the battlefield. With the same dogged determination that was evident throughout her life, Sergeant Jameson raised the program into a world-class operation. Hundreds of soldiers who learned from Tricia in that program would go on to save lives on battlefields across the world. In 2005 Nebraska’s 313th Medical Company needed to replace two sol-diers. So it reached back to Nebraska for volunteers, and when her country called for her service, Sergeant Jame-son eagerly stepped forward. She quickly got her personal affairs in order and was sent to her deployment training. By June of 2005, she was in Iraq and on duty with the 313th Med-ical Company at Camp Speicher. Her impact was felt immediately as the camp was stretched thin to support combat operations in northern and western Iraq. Staff Sergeant Jameson’s first mis-sion on the road was a long one. She was the vehicle commander of an M997 ambulance that was headed to Trebil, near the Jordan border. Staff Sergeant Jameson and her battle buddy, SPC Rachelle Spors, had just left with a convoy when an urgent call came to help marines who had been injured in combat a few miles away. Without hes-itation, Tricia was speeding toward the battlefield to attend the fallen when their field ambulance was struck by an IED. That day, Tricia gave her life while serving her country. The Nebraska Prairie Soldier news-paper wrote of Tricia’s service: ‘‘Hun-dreds of family, friends, veterans group members, state governmental leaders and uniformed co-workers flooded into St. Bridget Catholic Church in Omaha, to help lay a fallen hero to rest.’’ Her name and reputation live on as soldiers save lives, just as she did, on the battlefield. For her service to our Nation, SFC Tricia Jameson earned many military decorations, including the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star, post-humously. Today I ask that we take a minute to remember Tricia and her selfless spirit. I wish to thank her family, her moth-er Pat, and her brother Rob, who share their own heroic burden. SFC Tricia Jameson loved her family. She em-bodied the pride of her State and the values of our Nation. I am honored to tell her story. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that we vote right now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 442, H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities at the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Todd Young, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, Johnny Isakson, Joni Ernst, John Hoeven, Thom Tillis, James E. Risch, Tom Cotton, Dan Sul-livan, Mike Crapo, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, John Barrasso, Deb Fisch-er. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 5515, an act to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. MCCAIN) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) would have voted ‘‘yea’’. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 92, nays 4, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 119 Leg.] YEAS—92 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—4 
Merkley Paul Sanders Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Coons Duckworth McCain Moran 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 92, the nays are 4. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The Senator from Mississippi. 
RECOGNIZING SEERSUCKER THURSDAY  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I rise today to comment about the economy, but I want to observe that I am proudly wearing a seersucker suit today. I would mention to my colleagues that Senators have worn seersucker suits for decades, for literally centuries, on this Senate floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.020 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3283 June 7, 2018 
This is officially Seersucker Thurs-day in the Senate—a tradition that was begun by my predecessor, the former majority leader, Senator Trent Lott of Mississippi, and has been carried on until today by the senior Senator from Louisiana, Mr. C
ASSIDY . It is a time for those of us who choose to humble our-selves and call attention to ourselves at the same time to have a little fun in a bipartisan manner and to recall the days of old, before there was air condi-tioning and before we worried so much about how we looked. I thank Senator C
ASSIDY for getting a bipartisan group together to have a little fun and remember the days of old, when a lot of folks wore seersucker suits. 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE REPUBLICAN -LED 
CONGRESS  
Mr. President, we ought to be smiling today because the economy is doing so well. The economy is strong and get-ting stronger. We have 1 million more jobs in America than we had 6 months ago. Last month, we added a quarter of a million jobs in just 1 month. We have a 3.8-percent unemployment rate—an excellent report, the lowest in 18 years. So I am glad to rise this afternoon and say a word or two on the occasion of the 500th day of the Trump administra-tion and of a Republican Congress. We seem to be doing things right. I hope the American people are recognizing that. The May jobs report was full of good news. Beyond the 3.8-percent unem-ployment rate, which I have already mentioned, the number of long-term unemployed—those out of work for 27 weeks or longer—has dropped. Wages are on the rise. These are markers of a strong, energized economy. Let me quote the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times. The Wall Street Journal recently ran an edi-torial entitled, ‘‘The Rising Jobs Tide.’’ It points out how much has changed for the better over the last year and a half. There are 3 million more full-time workers than we had when this administration began. More than 2.5 million jobs have been added. More than 2 million of these jobs are occupied by Americans between the ages of 25 and 34. The editorial concludes: ‘‘In the last year business confidence has improved, investment is increasing and workers are reaping the benefits.’’ Those are American workers who are reaping the benefits, and I am pleased to rise this afternoon and agree with the Wall Street Journal. I also want to give a shout-out to the New York Times, which is something I haven’t made a habit of doing on the Senate floor. The New York Times said that they have run out of words to de-scribe how good this economy is. There is widespread acknowledgement of this, and I think it is a result of the things this Congress has been trying to do, the things this administration has been trying to do and succeeding in doing, putting policies in place that are de-signed to create jobs and make it easi-er on job creators, and they are having a powerful impact. I am proud of things we have done, like the historic tax cuts—lower taxes. This has meant that middle-class fami-lies have more money to live the lives they want to live. This has meant that job creators are not losing out to for-eign competition. This has meant that we have ushered in bonuses for some 4 million Americans. Minimum wages are going up from company to com-pany. Energy bills are lower. Speaking of energy, we are producing a lot more energy now, and I am proud to have been part of that. I am proud to have been part of the vote that al-lows us to explore energy in a very small part of Alaska called the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, something our distinguished colleague Senator Stevens stood for and worked for tire-lessly when he was alive and when he was a Member of this body. Support for our troops and our vet-erans has increased. After years of de-fense sequestration—which Secretary Mattis said harmed our national secu-rity more than an enemy could have— we have ended that, and the military is finally getting the money it needs to be prepared. This means a modernized force. It means statutory recognition that we are going to get to a 355-ship fleet that can respond to complex chal-lenges around the world. Just recently we passed the VA MIS-SION Act, which allows us to continue to improve options and healthcare choices for our veterans. We rolled back one of the major prob-lems that existed with ObamaCare. We didn’t get it all done, but we did roll back the individual mandate—the law that required free Americans to buy a product or pay a big tax whether they wanted to or not. We were able to do that as part of the tax cut legislation, and I am proud that we took this pen-alty off the backs of hard-working mid-dle-class Americans. We rolled back a ton of regulations. We have used the Congressional Review Act and actually started doing that on January 20, 2017, the first day of the Trump administration. We passed 16 Congressional Review Act regulations and put them on the President’s desk that first day to repeal harmful, bur-densome, well-intended but job-killing regulations that had come forward in the last days of the Obama administra-tion. We passed the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Pro-tection Act to provide relief for our small banks, for our community banks, so we are not treating them like some New York bank or some of the largest banks in the country. We freed up the small banks to have a little more abil-ity to loan money to job creators, to small business people seeking to bor-row funds and expand their workforce, to allow families to get a loan just a little bit easier with a little bit less regulation so that they can lead the kinds of lives they have wanted to. We passed legislation to fight opioid abuse. We are not through in that re-gard. We know we still have a problem. If it were easy, we would have solved it a long time ago, but we are tackling that, and we are accomplishing good things and getting good results. This is a great economy. The New York Times says so. The Wall Street Journal says so. I think Middle Amer-ica says so when we are back at home going from county to county, having our town meetings and speaking to our constituents. We are determined to bear down this summer. We have canceled the August break, and I congratulate the leader-ship for doing that because we have a lot of things yet to do. We have a defense bill to pass. We are on it now, and we are going to be on it hopefully with amendments and mean-ingful improvements next week. Addi-tionally, we are going to pass a farm bill. We are going to pass an FAA reau-thorization. We are going to pass legis-lation strengthening our water infra-structure. For the first time in a long time, our goal—our fervent belief—is that we can get back to the practice of passing our spending bills in regular order and avoiding this last-minute, end-of-the-year omnibus process. No-body on either side of the aisle likes that process, unless you are one of the one or two people in the room writing those bills, which the President has correctly denounced, and which the American people do not understand. So we are going to get back to reg-ular order, take these bills one or two or three at a time and put them through the regular process like we are supposed to do. In addition to that, I hope we have an opportunity to continue confirming conservative judges at the rate we have been. Over one-eighth of the circuit court of appeals is now comprised of new conservative judges, appointed by President Trump and confirmed by the Senate in the last year and a half. So I am proud of this 500-day process. I am proud of our accomplishments. I am proud to give this interim report and to say we need to resolve to keep it up and build on this great record that has given us the lowest unemploy-ment rate in decades and the most Americans working ever in the history of our Republic. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
NATIONAL SEERSUCKER DAY  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I rise to address two separate topics. Let me begin with National Seersucker Day. Senator W
ICKER started and I spoke a little bit earlier about celebrating Na-tional Seersucker Day. It is a bipar-tisan tradition to celebrate an Amer-ican tradition that started in New Or-leans. Anyone who has been in New Or-leans in July and August can under-stand why you would like a lightweight summer suit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.025 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3284 June 7, 2018 
I was asked today by a reporter: Why would you continue the seersucker tra-dition? I was thinking, wait a second. Why wouldn’t you wear a lightweight suit on a summer’s day as opposed to a wool suit? It just makes such sense. But sometimes such sense is in short sup-ply here in Washington, DC. On the other hand, it is something in which both parties, folks from all re-gions of our country, participate. It started in New Orleans when Joseph Haspel developed seersucker. It is a lightweight suit. It is, if you will, a lighthearted tradition, but it is one that celebrates an aspect of our coun-try and how something in one part of our country can be adopted by folks elsewhere to the benefit of all. Once again, I say happy Seersucker Day to everyone, and if you wish to join my office in wearing seersucker every day throughout the summer, you can similarly be comfortable on a hot summer’s day here in Washington, DC. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, let me now address something that is on the topmost of Americans’ minds, and that is the high cost of healthcare. It is important for our country, for our States, and it is important for families sitting around their kitchen tables. We have to lower healthcare costs. We have to do some-thing about the high price of medicine. Just some examples of the impor-tance of this issue: Medicare actuaries just this week issued a report that the Medicare trust fund—that trust fund which pays the benefits for the senior citizen on Medicare going to see her physician, going to the hospital. It pays the hospital. That trust fund will effectively be exhausted in 8 years. In 8 years, the Medicare trust fund we have all been paying into will be exhausted. In part, that is related to the high cost of medicine, the high cost of drugs. We must do something about that. It is not just those on Medicare; it is also those in the individual market. In Louisiana, if you are 60 years old with a family and you are not getting a sub-sidy through ObamaCare and you want to go into the individual market, your policy, plus deductible and copay, can be up to $50,000 a year, after-tax dol-lars. Think about this: You are making $150,000, but your after-tax expense for your insurance, deductible, copay, pharmaceutical costs, et cetera, is about $50,000 before your insurance kicks in. The Washington Post thought I was exaggerating. They went down and interviewed somebody in Louisiana. They said: He is right—it really would cost you about $50,000. The high cost of healthcare and the high cost of drugs impact the Medicare trust fund. It impacts individuals. It also impacts States. If you look at State budget after State budget that is struggling to make ends meet, inevitably a major ex-pense, which has grown over time, is Medicaid. States do all sorts of machi-nations in order to decrease their State’s cost of maintaining their Med-icaid Program, but despite all those lit-tle tricks they do—which, by the way, cost the Federal taxpayers more—still, Medicaid gobbles up more and more of a State’s budget. Consequently, one of the reasons college tuition has risen so much—and along with it, the amount of money college students have to bor-row to get through even State univer-sities—is that the amount of State gen-eral fund dollars going for State uni-versity support has declined as Med-icaid expenditures have risen. So whether it is Medicare, Medicaid, or the individual family, rising healthcare costs are significant. One more thing I should say about families. From 2007 to 2014, the amount middle-income families have had to spend on healthcare has risen by 25 per-cent even though the amount they have had to spend on other things has fallen. So we have to decrease the cost of drugs and the cost of healthcare. We did have a bill earlier this year that had been negotiated between Sen-ator A
LEXANDER , Senator M URRAY , Senator C
OLLINS , and Senator N EL-
SON—two Democrats, two Repub-licans—that would have lowered pre-miums for those in the individual mar-ket and done many other things. For example, there was a Federal reinsur-ance program that could have lowered premiums by as much as 40 percent, I am told, in terms of this year. If you are getting sticker shock—in a few months or right now—as regards what your next insurance premiums are going to be, this would have lowered that increase dramatically. For those getting short-term, limited-duration policies, it would have put guardrails on those policies to make sure they were good policies. It would have helped young people get back into an insurance market they had been priced out of. It would have given States flexi-bility on how to implement various programs—again, with the goal to lower insurance costs. It was a bipar-tisan bill. By the way, whenever I hear one of my Democratic colleagues stand up and say ‘‘We have to do something about healthcare,’’ I then ask ‘‘Why did you object and oppose a bipartisan bill you helped negotiate that would have lowered premiums?’’ You can see it. It is not me saying it; it is actually the Democratic Party that stood up and said, on the procedural motion to pro-ceed—can we move to a vote on this bill?—that got up and said: No. No, we do not want this bill that will lower premiums for the American people. What I am saying is not opinion; it can be found on YouTube, on C–SPAN. It was a bipartisan bill which they helped negotiate and which they subse-quently objected to, preferring that the American people pay higher premiums, I suppose, so that they would have a campaign issue to talk about. So whenever one of my Democratic colleagues gets up and talks about the high cost of healthcare, it begs the question: Why did you oppose the bi-partisan bill that would have lowered premiums this year? It is a question the American people should be asking. On the other hand—I am personally working on this—we just put out an 8- page white paper on what we as a na-tion can do to lower healthcare costs and to decrease the cost of medica-tions. There are several things in there. One is to adopt the bipartisan legisla-tion which we thought we had agree-ment on but which was subsequently opposed by those who had negotiated the bipartisan agreement on the Demo-cratic side. Second is price transparency. Can you imagine this: If you go and get an x ray that your doctor orders or you go to buy medicine, you would actually know the price of that medicine or the price of that x ray before you go in, and if the price is too high, you would be able to comparatively shop and go someplace where it is less expensive. We do it for jeans. We do it for cell phones. We do it for cars. We should be able to do it for healthcare. By the way, you probably know I am a gastroenterologist, a physician. I spent 30 years in the healthcare sys-tem. This can happen, and it does hap-pen. I am told by a GI friend of mine that in North Carolina, Blue Cross of North Carolina will publish the cost of a colonoscopy. He is a lower cost, high-er quality provider, and he gets folks coming from as far as 50 miles away for their colonoscopy, to his facility, be-cause folks look online and see that it is a lower cost and that the quality is great. It can work. One more thing on how this works. We ask that you ban gag clauses. Right now, some pharmacy benefit managers will tell a pharmacist that she or he cannot tell the patient that it is cheap-er to pay cash for their prescription than to pay their insurance copay. The pharmacist could tell them, but the pharmacist is not allowed to because if the pharmacist tells them they would save money by paying cash instead of going through their insurance, the pharmacist would lose that contract with that pharmacy benefit manager. That is wrong. The patient should have the power. If the patient has the power, we lower drug costs, and we lower healthcare costs. We have many other ideas in this paper, and we invite people to go to the website Cassidy.senate.gov to see this. We would like feedback. We hope that eventually it will be bipartisan. In the meantime, we will continue to work, as will my Republican colleagues, on how we can lower costs on medicine, lower the cost of drugs, and make it easier for those families sitting around the kitchen tables to meet their bills. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:57 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.027 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3285 June 7, 2018 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, earlier this year, the Commerce Department found the Chinese telecommunications giant ZTE guilty of persistently and willfully violating U.S. sanctions laws on North Korea and Iran. That is a pretty serious offense for a large com-pany to commit. It found that the com-pany then repeatedly lied about it and went to great lengths to cover it up. In response, as we should, across party lines, our government took ac-tion and put a series of strict export and transaction prohibitions on ZTE in mid-April of this year. We did what we should do. A large international com-pany—it happened to be Chinese in this case—broke the law, broke a serious law on sanctions and then lied about what it did, so we took action. It is pretty galling to learn that early this morning, the Commerce De-partment announced yet another agreement with the Chinese tele-communications giant to enable it to interact with U.S. companies. They committed that kind of offense, then they lied about that kind of offense, and now we are saying: It is OK. You can come back into our country and do business with us. What gives here? We can’t allow a Chinese company or a company any-where—I mean, I am not picking on China in this case, but China is a coun-try we have had difficulty with. It is habitually breaking international trade laws and seems to have as much trouble with the truth as some people in the White House have. Yet we have allowed this Chinese company to vio-late U.S. law time and again, to lie about it time and again and get away with it. By turning a blind eye to ZTE’s blatant violations, the Trump administration is putting Chinese jobs ahead of American jobs, putting Chi-nese national interests over America’s national security. Why in the world would we do that? ZTE is a Chinese company best known for making cheap smartphones, mostly sold in developing countries, al-though it also sells them here. That is important. It means a company that knowingly breaks U.S. laws could have control over information people have on their phones. It is bad enough that we send this message: OK, you broke the law. That is bad enough. Then you lied about it. You broke serious international law, sanctions laws that protect our na-tional security in part and protect the world from these countries—countries such as North Korea and Iran, which are bad actors. You broke the law by helping them, breaking sanctions laws, and then you lied about it. That is bad enough. Now we are not only not penal-izing them, we are giving them an ad-vantage when these companies could have control over information people have on their phones. This company that cheated isn’t a company that makes cars; this is a company that makes telecommuni-cations equipment that can be used in an insidious sort of way against our own people. This could have real na-tional security implications if that in-formation is abused. As we have seen with recent revelations about Facebook giving Chinese telecom gi-ants access to its data, private firms are not always careful with how they manage people’s private lives and pri-vate data. The administration’s new agreement with ZTE reportedly emerged from di-rect discussions between President Trump and the President of China. I can’t even imagine what those discus-sions must have been. Think about what the President of China had to de-fend, what his country did, what his company did. Yet the President of the United States was willing to say: Oh, we will forgive it. We are not really worried. We love you. We love your country. We love this company—even though it is prioritizing Chinese jobs over American jobs, and it is prioritizing Chinese national security interests over America’s national secu-rity interests. In a nutshell, America’s national se-curity must not be used as a bar-gaining chip in negotiations. I don’t know if the President, talking to the President of China, said: OK, we will do this for you, and you did this for us. Whatever the ‘‘you did this for us’’—I don’t know whether it means the Presi-dent’s business or the President per-sonally or whether ‘‘us’’ means Amer-ica’s national interests, but I have not seen any of America’s national inter-ests that are getting favored in this whole transaction. Trading American sanctions enforce-ment to promote jobs in China is a bad deal for American workers and a very bad deal for the security of all Ameri-cans. Let’s look at how we got here. Last year in March, ZTE agreed to a com-bined civil and criminal penalty and forfeiture of $1.2 billion after illegally shipping telecommunications equip-ment to Iran and North Korea, in di-rect violation of U.S. sanctions laws. They made false statements and ob-structed justice. I am not a lawyer. I understand that this is serious stuff—shipping tele-communications equipment to Iran and North Korea, which are two really bad actors in the world, two countries that virtually everybody on this Senate floor has spoken out against at one time or another. It violated U.S. sanc-tions laws—laws that this Senate passed close to unanimously. They made false statements. They ob-structed justice. Then the Commerce Department determined that ZTE then lied about its crimes. How does it get more serious than that? Commerce Secretary Ross said re-cently—the Commerce Secretary ap-pointed by the President, Secretary Ross. I know him well. I like some of the things he has done, particularly in Cleveland. He said: ‘‘ZTE made false statements to the U.S. Government when they were originally caught and put on the Entity List, made false statements during the reprieve it was given, and made false statements again during its probation.’’ At least the company is consistent: They lie during this part of the proc-ess, and they lie during that part of the process, and then they lie during that part of the process. So we know that about this company’s character. These false statements covered up the fact that ZTE paid full bonuses to employees who had engaged in illegal conduct, and failed to issue letters of reprimand. They break the law. They lie and lie. Then they give bonuses to the execu-tives who lie. How much more can this company grind Americans’ faces in the dirt as they lie, cheat, and steal, and then the American President, in a face- to-face meeting with China, says: It is OK. We don’t mind. I speak for the American people. Do it again. It fundamentally says: If you grind Americans’ faces in this muck after all that China has done and this company has done to America’s national inter-ests and then you say ‘‘We are not going to punish you,’’ it pretty much says you are free to do it again. Secretary Ross said: 
ZTE misled the Department of Commerce. Instead of reprimanding ZTE staff and senior management, ZTE rewarded them. This egre-gious behavior cannot be ignored. 
The President’s Secretary of Com-merce has said that we can’t ignore it. He has said that they cheated, they broke the law, they lied, they lied again, and they lied again. They re-warded those lies and gave bonuses to those who lied. They never rep-rimanded them. That is what the Presi-dent’s Secretary of Commerce is say-ing. Then the President said: It is OK. It is OK. We don’t mind. We will get something else for this. That is why this spring, after Ross’s comments, the Department of Com-merce issued a law enforcement deci-sion imposing a broad denial of export privileges on ZTE for its repeated vio-lations of U.S. sanctions and export control laws. These denial orders are law enforce-ment actions. Any changes to them should be decided independently. But that ain’t happening here. The Presi-dent is overruling a law enforcement decision—as he criticizes the FBI al-most daily—made in the interests of America’s national security, in part by people appointed to their offices by the President of the United States. He didn’t just appoint the FBI Director; he didn’t just select his Vice President; he appointed Mr. Wilbur Ross as his Sec-retary of Commerce. The Secretary of Commerce is saying, fundamentally: Mr. President, don’t do this. This com-pany needs to be punished. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.028 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3286 June 7, 2018 
Again, the President overrules a law enforcement decision made in the in-terests of America’s national security, all in order to save jobs. That is at least a reason, but the problem with that is that the jobs saved are in China. They are not in Mansfield, OH. They are not in Cleveland, OH. They are not in Shreveport, LA, the Pre-siding Officer’s home State. They are not in Toledo, OH. Think about that. The administration looks the other way for a company that broke the law, that threatened national security, and is doing it to protect jobs in Com-munist China, in the People’s Republic of China. It defies all odds. Can you imagine China saying: You know, I think we are going to hurt our national security so we can put some more jobs in Akron, OH. We are going to compromise our workers’ interests so we can put more jobs in Zanesville, OH. It is OK that China is going to get a little hurt so we can get some more jobs in Chillicothe, OH. I don’t think they think that way. They do everything in their power. They steal our technology. They under-mine our industries. They put our com-panies out of business. And then we do this. The only person I know who wants to do this is the President of the United States. The Secretary of Com-merce doesn’t like this decision. I am sure the FBI doesn’t like this decision. I have yet to meet a Republican or Democratic Senator who says: Attaboy, Mr. President. Undermine our national interests. Protect Chinese jobs over jobs in Harrisburg or jobs in Ann Arbor or jobs in Madison, WI, or jobs in Atlanta, GA. America’s policies toward China—it might be an interesting idea to put Americans first, that our policies to-ward China should put our country first. That is what China does in re-verse. That is why Congress needs to push back on this decision by the President and address it directly as soon as possible. The National Defense Authorization Act offers a chance to do that. Senator V
ANHOLLEN inserted lan-guage into the CFIUS bill which re-ceived overwhelming support from both parties when we marked it up in the Banking Committee 2 weeks ago. That legislation is now in this Defense bill. With the settlement agreement an-nounced by Commerce, that legislation will require some change, some tweak-ing, to make sure that it covers what the administration has already done and at the same time prevents the President from moving forward with this agreement. Senator C
OTTON , a con-servative Republican; Senator V
AN H
OLLEN , a progressive Democrat; Sen-ator C
RAPO , a Republican and the chairman of the Banking Committee; and I, a Democrat and the ranking member of the Banking Committee, pressed for an amendment that would do that. This bipartisan amendment would send a clear signal to the White House and, more importantly, would send a clear signal to the world that we don’t agree with that behavior. It would send a clear signal that Congress dis-approves of this most recent agree-ment. It is inexplicable. Unless the Presi-dent has some personal reason for doing this—unless it makes the Presi-dent’s business more profitable, unless it puts money in the pocket of his fam-ily or himself—and I am not accusing him because I just don’t know—I can’t figure out what all of this means. Why would you side with Chinese workers over American workers? Why would you side with Chinese national security over our domestic security? I can’t figure out why you would un-roll, unspool, a decision by your own Cabinet member to punish this com-pany for breaking the law once, twice, three times with Iran and North Korea, for lying about it once, twice, three times, and for giving rewards to those company officials who broke the law and then lied about it. I can’t think of any other explanation as to why a President of the United States would possibly make a decision like that un-less it was in his own, personal finan-cial interest. This bipartisan amendment would send a clear signal that Congress dis-approves of that, so I urge my col-leagues to support the Van Hollen-Cot-ton amendment. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TRIBUTE TO ED SCHOENFELD  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, it is Thursday, and that means it is the afternoon when I get to talk about someone in my State who is doing a great job for the State, and oftentimes for the country—someone who is really making a difference. As the Presiding Officer and the pages know, I like to refer to this person as the ‘‘Alaskan of the Week.’’ It is one of my favorite parts of the week in the Senate, being able to talk about someone who has made a real difference. When I give this speech every week, I like to talk about what is going on in Alaska. It is a beautiful State. It is the biggest State—we all know that—in the country. The State is fully in bloom. Its tourists are flocking north by the tens of thousands to view the wildlife, glaciers, mountains, to eat our delicious seafood, take in amazing views through hikes, and have an ad-venture. I want to make sure that everyone who is watching in the Galleries or on TV on C–SPAN—you have to come to Alaska. You will have the trip of a life-time, guaranteed. Come on up. What is truly impressive about my State is the people who live there and the sense of community we have there. Alaska isn’t always the easiest place to live. It is far from the lower 48 States. The weather can be extreme, but, as a result, the people in the communities bond, and they work together, particu-larly in some of our most remote com-munities. We are one big community in Alaska, even though our State is so big. Every community in Alaska and America needs to be able to share reli-able, credible information. On that topic, there has been quite a lot of neg-ative attention paid to the national media, in particular, these past few years. Some of it is merited; nobody is perfect, right? But the vital role of local journalism and how that plays in different communities across our coun-try haven’t been talked about nearly enough. We all know this, and in many ways we all benefit from the thousands of local reporters who are working in our country, day in and day out, re-porting great factfinding stories and working hard. I believe we should all be saluting them for doing this important work, and that is what we are doing here today. I would like to introduce Ed Schoenfeld, a reporter in Alaska who is our Alaskan of the Week and who has been reliably reporting the news from Southeast Alaska for 37 years. He re-cently took a well-earned retirement. Well done, Ed. You are our Alaskan of the Week. Let me talk a little bit about him. He hitchhiked to Fairbanks when he was 20 years old for a little trip, and as so many do, he promised himself that when he had the opportunity, he would go back to Alaska. That opportunity came in 1979 when the program director position opened up in the public broad-casting station KTOO in Juneau, AK. Now, Alaska public radio was and still is, in many ways, renowned across the country for its local reporting and for its crucial link to rural commu-nities who need that reporting throughout our State—and need it badly. Interestingly, I think, because of the challenges it presents to report-ers, some of National Public Radio’s most famous reporters nationally— NPR’s most famous reporters—have all cut their teeth in Alaska. So some of the people listening probably heard of Peter Kenyon, Corey Flintoff, Eliza-beth Arnold. These are kind of the big dogs at NPR right now. Well, they all got their start in Alaska. So public radio is where Alaskans throughout my State get their news about the weather, about whale hunts, about bear attacks, about births, deaths, crimes, baptism, good works, bad deeds, and you name it; that is where we get our information. In smaller communities, this information could be critical. Because public radio stations across Alaska work coopera-tively, they always pretty much keep it local. So, from KTOO, Ed went to the news-room of the Juneau Empire, where he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.029 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3287 June 7, 2018 
stayed for 18 years. That is the big paper in Juneau. For the last 15 years, he has been one of the voices of South-east Alaska on CoastAlaska, a public broadcasting consortium of five local communities. His nickname is ‘‘dean of the Douglas press corps.’’ Now, this is a bit of a joke, not toward him but just what ‘‘Douglas’’ means. Douglas is an island of about 3,000 people. As the Juneau Empire put it, Ed has earned the professorial status of the dean of the press corps. That status came about because of the dozens and dozens of reporters he has trained and mentored throughout the years, and that is a great legacy. Of course, he also takes his work very seriously. He has done plenty of lighthearted features about equestrians in Wrangell, exploring caves in the Tongass National Forest, which is the largest national forest in the country. There are also deeper dives, as you would expect from a serious journalist. He has won an investigative journalism award about allegations of corruption related to a State contract. He has cov-ered our important businesses exten-sively. There is nobody who has done more digging into an issue that I and my fellow Alaskans care deeply about—particularly in Southeast—and that is what we call the transboundary mining issue—mining waste that comes from mines in Canada into Alaska’s waters. Ed has focused on that more than any other reporter, and it is an issue that, as I mentioned, many of us take very seriously. Transboundary mining is complex. Ed has traveled both in Canada and Alaska to the com-munities that are impacted by this pol-lution. He has spoken to everyone— community leaders, fishermen, govern-ment officials, environmentalists, min-ing companies, tourism businesses— and what he ultimately came to on this subject is that our concerns about this pollution are legitimate, but unlike some are saying, not all mines are bad—certainly not in Alaska. We have a number of mines, and certainly some are trying to do the right thing. It is more complicated than what the critics often say, says Ed. That is the way it is on most stories, and that is why we need good reporters. So many issues are complicated. We can get so frustrated with the kind of simplistic ‘‘he said, she said’’ reporting that gets in the papers or on TV today, but good reporters, as we all know, dig much deeper. They cut through the propaganda. They lay out all the facts and facets of an issue and, in many ways, they let us decide. They recog-nize the people who are listening are intelligent, and they try and help us figure out the importance of some of these big issues. These are the kind of reporters we need in every community. These are the kind of reporters who I think are critical for our democracy. So now Ed will spend more time with his wife—also a former reporter—Betsy and his two daughters, Elizabeth and Maggie. I am sorry to see him, as I am sure most Alaskans are, hang up his dean’s robe. I know his colleagues are sad, but there will be others who follow in his footsteps, others he has mentored—young, eager reporters who want to inform their community, reli-ably report the news and facts, and of course there is no better place to do that than in Alaska. So, Ed, thanks for all of your 37 years of hard work for our great State, and congratulations on being our Alaskan of the Week. Your voice will be missed. Mr. President, as you know right now, we are debating on the Senate floor the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, and I want to congratulate Senator I
NHOFE , my good friend from Oklahoma and the acting chairman of the Armed Services Committee. I also certainly want to congratulate Senator M
CCAIN, whom we are all praying for, who is struggling with some health issues right now, who is the chairman of the Armed Services Committee, and Senator J
ACK REED of Rhode Island, the ranking member on the Armed Services Committee, for the great work they have done shepherding this very important piece of legislation through the committee process. Now we have it on the floor, and we are de-bating it. It is certainly one of the most important pieces of legislation we bring to the Senate floor every year. It is over 50 years, without missing 1 year, we have moved the NDAA bill, which authorizes funding and policies for the men and women in our mili-tary, through the Senate floor. So there are a bunch of things in this bill that are very important for our troops, for the national defense of our Nation. By the way, it is a very bipartisan bill, just like it was last year. So we are going to be discussing this for the next week, and hopefully people watching back home or here in Washington will get a sense of just how important this legislation is. What I want to do this afternoon is talk about two provisions my team and I authored in this bill. They are two provisions that are very important, as the President of the United States and his team head to Singapore for the summit that the world is watching with the dictator of North Korea, Kim Jong Un. I wanted to highlight two key sections because what they are meant to do is strengthen the President’s hand and the leverage of the United States as the leaders of our country move into these negotiations with a very unpredictable dictator whom, in my view, we can’t trust at all. Never-theless, what we are trying to do is bol-ster the President’s hand in these nego-tiations, and we are all cautiously opti-mistic that something positive can come out of this summit. So what are these two provisions? The first provision deals with strength-ening America’s missile defense, and the second one focuses on the status of U.S. military forces on the Korean Pe-ninsula. What I would like to do first is talk about the missile defense provi-sions in the NDAA this year. Now, as this chart shows, Kim Jong Un has dramatically increased testing for North Korea’s missile program and nuclear program. If you look at what happened under his grandfather Kim Il Sung and his father Kim Jong Il, the current leader of North Korea has dra-matically increased both the testing on intercontinental ballistic missiles, nu-clear missiles, and nuclear weapons. Fortunately—and I think the Amer-ican people want this—we have seen this threat coming. A number of us have seen this threat coming. So that is why, in last year’s national defense authorization, we had a bill—my office authored it, but we had many cospon-sors, both Democrats and Repub-licans—to significantly enhance our Nation’s missile defense. That passed in the NDAA. It was fully funded by the end of the year—almost $5 billion to increase missile defense for our Na-tion. What it did is it increased capacity, building new fields of missiles that can shoot down any incoming missiles. It increased capability, which would mean accelerating technology for mul-tiple warheads on top of each missile to again increase our ability to shoot down any incoming missile, and it re-quired more testing by the Missile De-fense Agency so we can perfect the re-gional and homeland missile defenses we have in the United States. That is big progress. It is already happening, and of course that is really important, given the threat we now face as a coun-try. As Alaska’s Senator, I am proud of the fact that a lot—actually most—of our Nation’s missile defense is located in the great State of Alaska. This is simply physics. This is physics and lo-cation, location, location. If there is going to be a threat from either Iran or North Korea or anywhere else with re-gard to the United States of America, that threat is almost always going to fly over Alaska. We have our radar systems there. We have long-range discrimination radar there. We have the missile fields pro-tecting every city from New York to L.A., to Miami, all based in the great State of Alaska. So what are we doing this year? Well, we have an entire new section in the NDAA that builds on what we did last year to dramatically increase our Na-tion’s missile defense even more be-cause you can never be too sure on this. This is an insurance policy that is going to protect every city in America. So this year, in the current NDAA we are debating right now, the big issues with regard to missile defense are that this bill calls for the development and deployment of space-based sensors. It mandates these within the next couple of years—critical. It also promotes a more integrated missile defense, accel-erates our defenses against what are called hypersonic threats—not ballistic missiles but hypersonic threats. Impor-tantly, in terms of missile defense, this bill focuses on our allies, working to-gether with our allies in Korea, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.032 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3288 June 7, 2018 
Japan, and other places in Europe to share these missile defense capabilities so we, as our allies, have a much more robust system. Let me talk briefly on the very im-portant issue of space-based sensors. Every expert who has testified in front of the Armed Services Committee, whether the current Director of the Missile Defense Agency, General Greaves; whether the four-star general in charge of strategic command, Gen-eral Hyten; or whether the former Di-rector of the Missile Defense Agency, Admiral Syring, they have all said space-based sensors are critical. The time is now. What does that mean? What does that do? Well, we have different sys-tems in different parts of the country or different parts of the world. In South Korea, we have the THAAD sys-tem. Off the coast of Japan with our Navy, we have the Aegis system ashore and on our Navy ships. Then, back home, we have the home-based system, and that is mostly based in Alaska. What a space-based sensor program does is it integrates all these systems and has the ability to track—what the military calls an unblinking eye—the ability to track a missile that is shot at our country or shot at our troops from the moment it is shot until the end. We don’t have that yet, but we need it to integrate these different sys-tems. Importantly, that is what the NDAA we are debating this year will do to further bolster our Nation’s missile defense. Why do we need that? There has been a lot of recent good will with regard to Kim Jong Un. I want to read a quote by him from this past January. It is a New Year’s Day quote. He said: 
The whole of [the U.S.] mainland is within the range of our nuclear strike and the nu-clear button is on my office desk all the time; the United States needs to be clearly aware that this is not merely a threat but a reality. . . . This year we should focus on mass producing nuclear warheads and bal-listic missiles for operational deployment. 
That is from Kim Jong Un just a cou-ple of months ago. So let’s not be taken by this dictator too much as he meets with the President. For decades, he and his dad and his grandfather have been threatening the United States and our troops on the peninsula and our allies in Korea and Japan. With this state-of-the-art tech-nology, this missile defense system, we are giving the President additional le-verage in his negotiations. Indeed, peo-ple are asking: Why did Kim Jong Un come to the table? He has been very belligerent. He is saying things like he said on his New Year’s Day address. It is really three things: the maximum pressure campaign; the diplomatic campaign by the President, by the ad-ministration, by this Congress—we have passed very aggressive legislation on sanctions; and it has been the devel-opment by Secretary Mattis of credible military options in the event diplo-macy doesn’t work. The Koreans know we are serious. That is ongoing. And with the Sec-retary of Defense—a former four-star Marine general, Secretary Mattis—I don’t think anyone thinks he is bluff-ing. So that is putting pressure on the North Koreans, and it is this system— this system. The North Koreans know we are now developing technology, so if Kim Jong Un does want to go out in a flame of glory and tries to fire one or two or three intercontinental ballistic missiles at New York or Chicago or L.A., the system we have here, which we are further bolstering, will shoot it down. This is going to give the Presi-dent more leverage. We are confident that section 1249 of the NDAA will increase the President’s leverage. It involves the critical issue of our U.S. military forces on the Ko-rean Peninsula. This section expresses the will of the Senate by highlighting some key points as they relate to our military on the Korean Peninsula and the history of that military. What is in this section? It talks about how the United States and South Korea have been allies for decades and how our military forces on the Korean Peninsula, working closely in conjunc-tion with the South Korean military and our alliance, have been the linchpin of peace and security, not just on the Korean Peninsula but in the en-tire Indo-Pacific region. This provision of the NDAA focuses on how South Korea has contributed heavily not only to its own defense but also to what our military forces are doing on the Korean Peninsula. It em-phasizes that U.S. military forces, pur-suant to international law since the outbreak of the Korean war in 1950, have been lawfully deployed on the Ko-rean Peninsula. Yet the nuclear and ballistic missile programs of North Korea are in clear and consistent viola-tion of U.N. Security Council resolu-tions and international law. Impor-tantly, this provision focuses on the fact that China, Russia, and North Korea have had as their long-term stra-tegic goals the removal of U.S. mili-tary forces on the Korean Peninsula. That is what they want. Indeed, there are reports in the media and other places that President Xi Jinping of China may be trying to coach Kim Jong Un, saying: When you go to these negotiations with President Trump, one thing to shoot for is to get rid of those American forces on the Ko-rean Peninsula. Make that one of your goals. This provision ends by saying it is the bipartisan sense of the Senate that the significant removal of U.S. mili-tary forces from the Korean Peninsula is a nonnegotiable item with Kim Jong Un for his nukes. We are not going to trade lawfully deployed U.S. military forces on the Peninsula for illegal nukes that the North Koreans have de-veloped. What are we trying to do here? First of all, this is a point that Secretary Mattis has been emphasizing. As a matter of fact, last week I led a CODEL of Senators to a defense ministers’ con-ference in Singapore. This is the big-gest military conference of defense ministers, foreign ministers, in the en-tire Asia-Pacific region. Secretary Mattis and his team, the Secretary of the Navy, and the admiral in charge of the Indo-Pacific were all there. We met with them and strategized with them. Secretary Mattis gave a great speech on U.S. strategy in the Indo-Pacific, as we are now calling it. He was asked about this very topic. He said this is not an issue that is on the table with Kim Jong Un, nor should it be. The issue of possibly removing U.S. military forces is not even a subject of negotiation. You see here in this picture U.S. ma-rines and ROK marines training to-gether. We are not going to talk about the issue of moving our legally de-ployed forces on the Peninsula in ex-change for illegally developed nukes and intercontinental ballistic missiles. This is what Secretary Mattis said last week in front of all the defense min-isters of Asia. What we are trying to do with this provision in the NDAA is strengthen the leverage of the administration and show Kim Jong Un—and let’s face it, Russia and China, which also want these forces gone—that the Congress of the United States and the executive branch, the Trump administration, speak with one voice on this issue. What this provision in the NDAA says is exactly what Secretary Mattis said last week. So we are speaking with one voice on this very important issue that is likely going to come up in Singapore when the President is there. Again, we know some of our adver-saries in the region want these forces gone. I don’t think that makes stra-tegic sense. Fortunately, neither does a very strong, bipartisan group of Sen-ators. When this bill passes the Senate, we are going to have the entire Senate speaking with one voice on this. I had the opportunity to talk to Sec-retary Mattis, Secretary Pompeo, Am-bassador Bolton, who is the National Security Advisor, and the President about this provision in the NDAA and how it is the Senate’s intent to give them more leverage in the upcoming negotiations with North Korea. I think they are all appreciative of what we are trying to do in the Senate with this important section in the National De-fense Authorization Act. Let me conclude by making a bit of a historical point, but it is actually quite an important point, as we talk about this topic. The Senate has actually played a critical role on this very issue previously. Some might recall that President Jimmy Carter, when he was elected, actually ran on this topic. One of the campaign promises he made, re-markably—I think it was strategically very misguided—was to run on this issue: When I get elected, I am going to remove U.S. military forces out of South Korea. That is what Jimmy Car-ter campaigned on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.033 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3289 June 7, 2018 
When he got in, he started to look at ways to implement that. Then the Sen-ate reacted. You have long-term stra-tegic interests represented by this body, and a very famous Senator of the President’s own party—Jimmy Carter was a Democrat, and Senator Scoop Jackson of Washington State was a well-known Senator and well-known foreign policy national security expert. He led a delegation of Senators to South Korea. They looked at this issue in detail after President Carter was elected. They came back to Wash-ington after this trip, and they said: It is not a good idea to remove our forces, which have kept the peace on the Ko-rean Peninsula since 1953. We don’t think this is a good idea. The story goes that Scoop Jackson actually went to the White House, talked to President Carter, and said: The Senate is going to oppose this. You are going to have a hard time removing these troops. So we have a role to play here; we have had a role to play here; and we have played this role. I want to end with one final anecdote from that trip. The Senate Navy liai-son officer who helped lead that delega-tion of Senators in the late 1970s to South Korea was a Navy captain by the name of J
OHN MCCAIN. Yes, that is right; the J
OHN MCCAINwhom I men-tioned we are all praying for, and by the way, we named this bill after him. This is the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act. The cur-rent chairman of the Armed Services Committee who wrote this bill was on that trip as a captain in the U.S. Navy. I think that historical fact makes this provision in the current bill we are de-bating now, the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act, even more powerful. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I was unable to appear in the Chamber today to vote on the nomination of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the Department of Education due to of-ficial business away from the Senate. I would like the record to show that I oppose his nomination and would have voted against his confirmation. Throughout his confirmation process and career, Mr. Marcus has dem-onstrated consistent disregard for the rights of the very students he would be expected to protect in this role: women, LGBTQ individuals immi-grants, and students of color. It is clear that Mr. Marcus is in lockstep with the Department of Education in this re-gard. He has supported the Depart-ment’s decision to dismantle critical title IX protections for survivors of sexual assault, stood in the way of LGBTQ students seeking an edu-cational atmosphere free from dis-crimination, and refused to commit to protecting a child’s constitutional right to an education regardless of im-migration status. Mr. Marcus has made abundantly clear that he is unfit to serve as the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the Department or Education. I would like the record to show that I oppose his nomination and would have voted nay during today’s confirmation vote. (At the request of Mr. DURBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 118 on the confirmation of Executive Cal-endar No. 603, the nomination of Ken-neth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be As-sistant Secretary for Civil Rights, De-partment of Education. On vote No. 118, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the confirmation of Exec-utive Calendar No. 603.∑ 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, as you may know, I supported the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that became law in De-cember of last year. We hear stories every day of the positive impact this law has had on the economy at large and in the lives of Americans who are seeing more money in their paycheck. What we don’t hear are enough stories about the small businesses that have benefited from this law. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship, I supported this legislation because I believed that it would spark investment, increase economic growth, and reduce taxes for millions of small businesses whose work ethic and perseverance shows that the American Dream is still pos-sible. I also saw the potential that the legislation would have, not just to help small business owners and their em-ployees in my home State of Idaho, but to positively affect small businesses across the country. A couple of weeks ago, I began this series of speeches highlighting small businesses that have benefited from this legislation. While there are numerous stories about the benefits of tax reform, I rise today to talk about the story of the Don Ramon Restaurante Cubano and Social Club located in West Palm Beach, FL. Dina and Juan Rubio are the operators of this successful res-taurant that offers traditional and af-fordable Cuban dishes in charming sur-roundings. Don Ramon Restaurant also offers catering services, provides live music, and hosts private events. Often, Juan will take the stage with his key-board and entertain patrons with his rollicking renditions of traditional Cuban dances such as the salsa, son, and guaracha. This dedication to an authentic Cuban experience over the last 27 years is what has made this res-taurant a popular culinary destination and landmark for people all over south Florida. From Cuba and Nicaragua respec-tively, Dina and Juan appreciate the opportunities afforded everyone by the American Dream and have worked hard to realize their goal of becoming suc-cessful entrepreneurs. New tax law changes implemented under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act have allowed Dina and Juan Rubio to give their employ-ees pay increases and larger holiday bonuses than normal. This law has also allowed them to begin planning capital improvements for their restaurant. They are planning to renovate their restaurant, open a take-out window, install new refrigerators and coffee ma-chines, and hire up to eight new em-ployees. Stories like the Rubio’s dem-onstrate the benefits that tax reform has already had on numerous small businesses. Overall, it can be said that tax reform was a worthy goal that has increased small businesses’ optimism, employee bonuses and wages, lowered taxes, and driven new capital invest-ment. f 
REMEMBERING EMMETT PUGH III Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish to acknowledge the recent loss of one of West Virginia’s best and brightest and recognize the life of a good man, kind friend, and dedicated public serv-ant, Emmett Pugh III. Emmett was widely known for his ac-complishments as the city of Beckley’s longest serving mayor, and while his positive impact on the city was im-measurable, Emmett was the sort of person who had a positive impact on the lives of everyone he met. Countless people benefited from the work, words, and kindness of Emmett Pugh through-out his life. Emmett was a native son of Beckley, WV, and came from a long tradition of public service that followed him to the University of Alabama. While at Ala-bama, he cultivated a deep love for two things: the Crimson Tide and his home-town. After earning a degree in polit-ical science, with a focus on State and local government, Emmett returned home to serve as the president of Bowl- Wick, Inc., a bowling center that brought joy and entertainment to the citizens of Beckley for many years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.034 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3290 June 7, 2018 
In 1979, Emmett began his long ca-reer in public service as a councilman- at-large. In 1988, upon the death of the current mayor, Emmett stepped up and began his tenure as the longest serving mayor in Beckley’s history. During his time in office, he expanded city limits, led a razing campaign on deteriorated properties, and established two new fire stations. He also helped lead the development of the Beckley Intermodal Gateway, the Rahall Company Store at New River Park, Thornhill Courts, Freedom Park, Jim Word Memorial Park, and the Lewis McManus Trail, among other accomplishments. In 1988, he was named Mayor of the Year for his efforts. When Mayor Pugh left office in 2013, his positive impact on the community and State did not stop. He continued to inspire all whom he encountered and acted as a mentor to his successors and any who sought his advice. He also con-tinued in his role as a family man, and he is survived by his wife, their three children, two step-children, and eight grandchildren. Emmett’s passion for Beckley and West Virginia lives on, and I think I speak for many when I say that he will be sorely missed. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING RED SCHOENDIENST ∑Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I rise today to honor Red Schoendienst, who in passing leaves behind a lifetime of commitment to baseball, the St. Louis Cardinals, and the St. Louis commu-nity. Red Schoendienst began his major league career with the St. Louis Car-dinals in 1945, after spending only 2 years with the Albany Cardinals, the franchise’s minor league affiliate. His star rose quickly within the franchise and the league, winning the 1946 Home Run Derby and, in the same year, par-ticipating in the Cardinals’ World Se-ries victory over the Sox. In his 19 seasons as a player, Red compiled a storied list of accomplish-ments, including being named to 10 All Star teams, but his contributions to the sport did not end when he retired his bat. He would return to the Car-dinals as a coach in 1964 and managed the team from 1965–1976. He led the team to multiple World Series vic-tories and National League pennants, and he was named National League manager of the year in both 1967 and 1968. After 2 years coaching the Oak-land Athletics, he returned to the Car-dinals to coach from 1977–1995. For the next two decades, Schoendienst would wear the Cardinals ‘‘Birds on the Bat’’ before home games and in spring train-ing as a special assistant to the general manager. Red Schoendienst was one of the greatest Cardinals of all time, having been a Red Bird as a player, coach, and manager. The Cardinals retired his No. 2 in 1996. St. Louis recognized him with his induction into the St. Louis Walk of Fame in 1998. His legacy was not only engrained in the Major League Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989, but also in the memories of teammates, col-leagues, and fans who had the privilege of seeing his accomplishments and his great smile. To quote the Schoendienst family upon his passing: ‘‘He inspired all that knew him to always do their best. Red was a great ball player, but his legacy is that of a great gentleman who had respect for all. He loved his family, friends, teammates, the community and his country. He will be greatly missed.’’ To Red Schoendienst’s family, thank you for sharing him with the St. Louis Cardinals, St. Louis community, base-ball, and baseball fans. Red Schoendienst was a great gentleman, a great sportsman, a great competitor, and he will be greatly missed. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO GARY DENT ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Gary Dent of Pondera County for his over 42 years of service in law enforce-ment. Gary Dent was born and raised in Miles City. After high school and col-lege, Gary discussed entering the police force with a family friend, and from there, he began his career in law en-forcement. After 11 years of serving around Montana, he landed in the Con-rad City Police Department where he spent over 30 years as their police chief. He and his wife have one son named GR. Gary’s passion for his job is clear; yet it is his passion for the community that sets him apart. While serving as police chief, he filled his spare time by serving Conrad in any way he could, in-cluding by spending time coaching middle school and high school sports teams. Gary’s legacy in the Conrad City Po-lice Department will survive long after his retirement. His favorite part of serving in law enforcement was the interaction with folks in the commu-nity, and that did not go unnoticed. He impacted many around Conrad and the greater Pondera County community. I congratulate Gary on a career well spent, and I wish him the best of luck in retirement.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ERIC ENGLAND ∑MR. ISAKSON. Mr. President, it is an honor today to pay my final re-spects to Eric Roy England, a great Georgian and American, who passed away on April 7, 2018, after a lifetime of service to our State and Nation. Eric England was born on April 15, 1933, in Blairsville, GA, in Union Coun-ty, the son of the late Augustus and Mary Nix England. A few short years later, in 1950, he enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps, and his extraordinary career was launched. MSgt Eric England served as a scout sniper for the U.S. Marine Corps 3rd Marine Division while serving in the Vietnam war. He is credited with 98 confirmed kills on record, likely saving untold numbers of American lives. By age 19, he was a nationals rifle-shoot-ing champion, and he set a record as a long-range champion at Fort Benning in 1968. Master Sergeant England served as a member and coach of the U.S. Marine Corps Rifle Team for 24 years, setting records both nationally and internationally. After his military retirement and for the next 14 years, Master Sergeant England coached the Blairsville 4–H program’s BB gun team, which was comprised of boys and girls in grades four through eight. These young Geor-gians benefited from his exemplary leadership and dedicated training and by winning competitions at the State and national level. During his life, his talents were rec-ognize and celebrated. They even made him the subject of a book, ‘‘Phantom of Phu Bai,’’ written by Dr. J. B. Turner, and his military rifle is displayed in the National Rifle Association mu-seum. The courthouse in Union Coun-ty, GA, features a bronze sculpture in England’s likeness that was erected in 2006. On November 4, 2017, Master Ser-geant England was one of 17 veterans inducted into the Georgia Military Veterans Hall of Fame for his out-standing achievement while serving his country. Other notable Hall of Fame inductees are Master Sergeant Eng-land’s cousin, our former U.S. Senator and Georgia Governor Zell Miller, and former U.S. Senator Sam Nunn. MSgt Eric England was interred at Arlington National Cemetery on June 4, 2018, with full military honors. I send my condolences to his wife, Glenda Sue Berrong England, his step-son, Howard Beck, Jr., his sister, Edna Ruth Rich, and to his niece, nephew, grandchildren, and other friends and love ones. I am very proud to share a bit of MSgt Eric England’s story for the Record, to honor this great patriot and help more Georgians and Americans learn of his great legacy for our coun-try.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHANIE BELLINO ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I am pleased to recognize Stephanie Bellino, the Duval County Teacher of the Year from Garden City Elementary School in Jacksonville, FL. Stephanie was named Teacher of the Year for successfully pushing a grow-ing number of disadvantaged students to achieve grade-level performance or better in reading and language arts. She helps students by taking scripted lesson plans and adapting them to fit each of their individual needs. Steph-anie is credited with helping Garden City improve from a D to a B school. While teachers typically stay at one grade level, Stephanie loops with her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.013 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3291 June 7, 2018 
students. Many of her current fifth grade students were also in her third grade class. About 16 of these students were a year or two behind their grade level but have now caught up, with Stephanie being credited for this ac-complishment. Stephanie has worked at Garden City Elementary School for 3 years and was a Teach for America recruit. She taught reading and writing to the en-tire fourth grade and pushed students to a 48 percent passing rate, a 15 per-centage point increase in 1 year. I extend my sincere gratitude and ap-preciation to Stephanie for her work and wish her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHANNON ELLISON ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Shannon Ellison, the Dixie County Teacher of the Year from Dixie County High School in Cross City, FL. Shannon’s colleagues attest that of the many excellent teachers in her dis-trict, she stands above the rest due to her commitment to excellence and pas-sion for helping every student develop a love for learning. She designed a rig-orous curriculum to equip her students with the necessary skills for success in college and the workplace. She is passionate about helping her students reach their academic poten-tial by maintaining relationships with her students, their parents, and her community by inspiring trust and con-fidence in both her instructional skills and leadership abilities. Shannon’s teaching skills as an ad-vanced placement teacher helped her school earn national recognition from the College Board. She has attended the advanced placement summer insti-tutions for the past 5 years, qualifying her ability to teach AP world history, AP psychology, and AP art history. Shannon earned her bachelors of arts degree in history from the University of Florida in 1993 and her master of arts/education in arts and academic interdisciplinary education from Southeastern University in 2011. She has been a teacher at Dixie County High School since 1994, having served as social studies department chair, Beta Club State sponsor, and grade level department chair. I am pleased to learn of the hard work and dedication Shannon has for her students. I express my best wishes to her on her continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TRACY HALL ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I honor Tracy Hall, the Taylor County Teacher of the Year from Taylor County Ele-mentary School in Perry, FL. Tracy’s inspiration for her students and enthusiasm for teaching led to this important recognition. Her students recognize that she goes above and be-yond her required duties to be the best teacher for them. She focuses on put-ting her students first and believes their emotions are as important as their schoolwork. She teaches them to believe in themselves and their ability to achieve. She is especially proud that two former students were inducted into the National Honor Society after they previously had difficulty learning and adapting while in third grade. They are now extraordinary students. Tracy has been a teacher for 21 years. She graduated from Florida State Uni-versity with honors in 1997 and cur-rently teaches third grade reading at Taylor County Elementary School. She has also taught at the primary and ele-mentary levels with the Florida Vir-tual Academy. I express my sincere appreciation and gratitude to Tracy for her hard work and extend my best wishes for her con-tinued success in the years to come. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO SUSAN M CNULTY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Susan McNulty, the Pasco County Teacher of the Year from J.W. Mitchell High School in New Port Richey, FL. As a journalism teacher, Susan’s stu-dents state she deserved this award not just for what she does in the classroom, but because she helps her students be-fore, during, and afterschool. Susan is a caring teacher and is always avail-able to lend a hand when they need it the most. She is viewed as a person to confide in, with her students knowing instantly that they could depend on her. I extend my best wishes to Susan for her perseverance as a dedicated teacher for her students. I look forward to hearing of her continued success in the years ahead.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TRISHA PUMPHREY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Trisha Pumphrey, the Jack-son County Teacher of the Year from Cottondale Elementary School in Cottondale, FL. Trisha was awarded Teacher of the Year for her passion to education and commitment to making sure her stu-dents feel important. She believes this helps enhance their educational per-formance. Trisha prides herself on her teaching practices and designs lesson plans that make sure her students are learning in a way that is suitable to their needs, and was able to bring her class to grade level for reading comprehension. She also looks for ways to help students that are not in her class by helping other teachers locate resources and in-stall new technology to improve the overall culture and performance of her school. Trisha is a first grade teacher at Cottondale Elementary, where she began teaching in 2016. She has been a teacher for 20 years, previously teach-ing at Grand Ridge Elementary School and Kate Smith Elementary School. She earned a bachelor of science degree in Early Childhood Education from Troy State University. I express my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Trisha for all of the great work she has done for her students and congratulate her for winning this award.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. LINDA L.M. BENNETT ∑Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, today I wish to thank Dr. Linda L.M. Bennett for her remarkable career as president of the University of Southern Indiana, USI. Dr. Bennett started with the uni-versity in 2003 and became its third president on July 1, 2009. She will be retiring on June 30, 2018, after 15 years of dedicated service. Dr. Bennett truly exemplifies the university’s vision, ‘‘shaping the future through learning and innovation,’’ and her work hasn’t gone unheeded. Under her leadership, the University of Southern Indiana established its first two strategic plans, raising the aca-demic standards, community engage-ment, and faculty development. Throughout her career, President Bennett has served with the American Association of Colleges and Univer-sities, Indiana Campus Compact Board, the NCAA Division II Great Lakes Val-ley Conference Council of Presidents, and the Coalition of Urban and Metro-politan Universities Executive Com-mittee. During her tenure as president, USI implemented its first doctoral pro-gram, doctor of nursing practice, and expanded its engineering and MBA pro-grams. In addition to her time as president, Dr. Bennett has contributed to a wide variety of local organizations, includ-ing the Southwest Indiana Chamber of Commerce, Leadership Evansville, the Diversity Lecture Series, the Indiana University School of Medicine Advi-sory Board of Directors, the Red Cross, the Evansville Philharmonic Orches-tra, United Way, Mesker Park Zoo Planning Committee, Holly’s House, Joshua Academy, the Wellborn Baptist Foundation, the Mayor’s Education Roundtable, the Economic Develop-ment Coalition of Southwest Indiana, and the Rotary Club of Evansville. Over the past few years, Dr. Bennett has received several awards, including the 2015 Rotary Civic Award, the Boy Scouts of America Buffalo Trace Coun-cil Distinguished Citizen Award, 2017, the Indiana Commission for Women Torchbearer Award, 2017, and the Girl Scouts of Southwest Indiana Women of Distinction award in 2018. Although Dr. Bennett’s retirement marks the end of a chapter, it also pre-sents the opportunity for an exciting new beginning. I congratulate her on all of her achievements as USI’s presi-dent and look forward to her further contributions to the Hoosier commu-nity.∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.016 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3292 June 7, 2018 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:14 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 3249) to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:45 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 3249. An act to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5466. A communication from the Acting Chief of the Planning and Regulatory Affairs Branch, Food and Nutrition Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Sim-plified Cost Accounting and Other Actions To Reduce Paperwork in the Summer Food Service Program’’ (RIN0584–AD84) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–5467. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Acequinocyl; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9978–20–OCSPP) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–5468. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of eight (8) of-ficers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5469. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General John B. Cooper, United States Air Force, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5470. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 104th Annual Report of the Federal Reserve Board covering operations for calendar year 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5471. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the St Johns County, Florida— South Ponte Vedra Beach, Vilano Beach, and Summer Haven Reaches—Coastal Storm Risk Management Project; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5472. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2017 Superfund Five-Year Review Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5473. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Douglas, Arizona; Second 10-Year Sulfur Dioxide Maintenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9979–18–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5474. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Regional Haze Plan and Prong 4 (Visibility) for the 2006 and 2012 PM2.5, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2008 Ozone NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9977–69–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5475. A communication from the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Sur-vivors Insurance and Federal Disability In-surance Trust Funds, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s 2018 Annual Report; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5476. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the designation of a group as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the Secretary of State (OSS–2018–0547); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5477. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Operation of the En-terprise for the Americas Initiative and the Tropical Forest Conservation Act 2017 An-nual Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5478. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Office of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–5479. A communication from the Chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General and the Semiannual Man-agement Report for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5480. A communication from the Chair-man, U.S. Election Assistance Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5481. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–484, ‘‘Sense of the Council in Opposition to Concealed Carry Reciprocity Resolution of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5482. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.202(b), Table of Allot-ments, FM Broadcast Stations (Desert Hills, Arizona)’’ (MB Docket No. 18–27) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Ms. COLLINS, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3023. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–268). By Mr. BOOZMAN, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3024. An original bill making appropria-tions for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 269). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1305. A bill to provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection with adequate flexibility in its employment authorities (Rept. No. 115– 270). S. 2296. A bill to increase access to agency guidance documents (Rept. No. 115–271). By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Report to accompany S. 2527, a bill to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment com-panies (Rept. No. 115–272). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. J. Campbell Barker, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of Texas. Susan Brnovich, of Arizona, to be United States District Judge for the District of Ari-zona. Chad F. Kenney, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Jeremy D. Kernodle, of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of Texas. Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Virginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:06 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.024 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3293 June 7, 2018 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE—TREATIES The following executive reports of committee were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations: Treaty Doc. 115–1: Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Serbia with 1 declaration (Ex. Rept. 115–4); and Treaty Doc 115–2: Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Kosovo with 1 declaration (Ex. Rept. 115–5) 
The text of the committee-rec-ommended resolutions of advice and consent to ratification are as follows: 
[Treaty Doc. 115–1 Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Serbia] As reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations: Resolved (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to a Declaration. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Republic of Serbia on Extradition, signed at Belgrade on August 15, 2016 (Treaty Doc. 115–1), sub-ject to the declaration of section 2. Sec. 2. Declaration. The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. [Treaty Doc. 115–2 Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Kosovo] As reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations: Resolved (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to a Declaration. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Extradition Treaty Be-tween the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Re-public of Kosovo, signed at Pristina on March 29, 2016 (Treaty Doc. 115–2), subject to the declaration of section 2. Sec. 2. Declaration. The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. C
ASEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 3020. A bill to establish in the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBTI Peoples, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Ms. S
MITH): S. 3021. A bill to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Court-house’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. HELLER ): S. 3022. A bill to amend subchapter III of chapter 99 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to repeal increases in duty and a tariff-rate quota on certain crys-talline silicon photovoltaic cells, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Ms. COLLINS: S. 3023. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. BOOZMAN: S. 3024. An original bill making appropria-tions for military construction, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Com-mittee on Appropriations; placed on the cal-endar. By Mr. KENNEDY: S. 3025. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to prevent the illegal traf-ficking of supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits by requiring all program beneficiaries to show valid photo identifica-tion when purchasing items with program benefits; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: S. 3026. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require air carriers to dis-close the date and location of the most re-cent aircraft maintenance; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ARPER , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. H
OEVEN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. J ONES , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. D
AINES , and Mrs. E RNST ): S. 3027. A bill to save taxpayer money and improve the efficiency and speed of intragovernmental correspondence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , and Ms. H IRONO ): S. 3028. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide an income tax credit for eldercare expenses; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 3029. A bill to revise and extend the Pre-maturity Research Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act); to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. R
OUNDS ): S. 3030. A bill to allow tribal grant schools to participate in the Federal Employee Health Benefits program; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. L ANKFORD ): S. 3031. A bill to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the man-agement of Federal personal property; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. P AUL, Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Mr. B ENNET ): S. 3032. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to provide for a new rule regard-ing the application of the Act to marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself, Mr. BLUMENTHAL , Mr. N ELSON , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. C AR-
PER): S. 3033. A bill to require a study and report on matters concerning best practices in mor-tality counts as a result of a major disaster; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: S. 3034. A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to reau-thorize the rural business investment pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 3035. A bill to designate a mountain ridge in the State of Montana as ‘‘B–47 Ridge’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. S
CHUMER , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. R EED, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C
ASEY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K
ING, Mr. K AINE, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. U
DALL , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ): S. 3036. A bill to limit the separation of families at or near ports of entry; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH  (for herself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN )): S. 3037. A bill to require the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology to estab-lish a premise plumbing research laboratory, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. C
AR-
PER, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 3038. A bill to assist in the conservation of the North Atlantic right whale by sup-porting and providing financial resources for North Atlantic right whale conservation pro-grams and projects of persons with expertise required for the conservation of North Atlan-tic right whales; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. YOUNG: S. 3039. A bill to provide funding for the de-velopment of a predictive analytics pilot program to help children and families who come to the attention of the child welfare system; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. Res. 537. A resolution commending the Yale University Men’s Lacrosse Team for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Division I Men’s Lacrosse Championship; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ): S. Res. 538. A resolution commending the Wesleyan University Men’s Lacrosse Team for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Division III Men’s Lacrosse Championship; considered and agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Sep 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S07JN8.REC S07JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3294 June 7, 2018 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN): S. Con. Res. 38. A concurrent resolution recognizing and supporting the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 Fed-eration Internationale de Football Associa-tion (FIFA) World Cup competition to Can-ada, Mexico, and the United States; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 177 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 177, a bill to provide for congressional review of the imposition of duties and other trade measures by the executive branch, and for other purposes. 
S. 220 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 220, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit a health care practitioner from failing to exercise the proper degree of care in the case of a child who survives an abortion or at-tempted abortion. 
S. 478 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 478, a bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to prohibit baiting exemptions on certain land. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coin-surance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is re-quired during the screening. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Cali-fornia (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in rec-ognition of his achievements and con-tributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. S. 1212 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1212, a bill to provide family members of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or oth-ers, and law enforcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1278 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1278, a bill to provide for the ad-mission of the State of Washington, D.C. into the Union. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recogni-tion of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1561 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1561, a bill to repeal the Jones Act re-strictions on coastwise trade, and for other purposes. 
S. 1682 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1682, a bill to facilitate a national pipeline of spectrum for commercial use, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1689 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1689, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for a new rule regarding the applica-tion of the Act to marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from New Mex-ico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collec-tively, to the crew of the USS Indian-apolis, in recognition of their persever-ance, bravery, and service to the United States. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2144, a bill to provide a process for granting lawful permanent resident status to aliens from certain countries who meet specified eligibility requirements. 
S. 2423 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. WYDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2423, a bill to reinstate Federal Pell Grant eligibility for individuals incar-cerated in Federal and State penal in-stitutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2463 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2463, a bill to establish the United States International Development Fi-nance Corporation, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2487 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2487, a bill to amend the Food Se-curity Act of 1985 to authorize the Sec-retary of Agriculture to provide cer-tain data on conservation practices, and for other purposes. 
S. 2520 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2520, a bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to ensure just and reasonable charges for inmate telephone and advanced communica-tions services. 
S. 2524 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2524, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to au-thorize a loan repayment program for substance use disorder treatment em-ployees, and for other purposes. 
S. 2554 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2554, a bill to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy pro-viders from providing certain informa-tion to enrollees. 
S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. 
S. 2740 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2740, a bill to authorize the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration to establish a Climate Change Education Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2790 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2790, a bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to establish a community wood energy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.030 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3295 June 7, 2018 
and wood innovation program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the news-print and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2886 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2886, a bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act to reinstate the ban on the export of crude oil and natural gas produced in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2897 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2897, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduc-tion in Federal medical assistance per-centage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an elec-tronic visit verification system. 
S. 2922 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2922, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to help improve access to care for pregnant and postpartum women receiving sub-stance use disorder treatment, includ-ing for opioid use disorders, in an insti-tution for mental diseases. 
S. 2938 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2938, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Transportation to modify provisions relating to hours of service requirements with respect to transpor-tation of livestock and insects, and for other purposes. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Depart-ment of Agriculture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2983 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2983, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to improve the es-sential air service program. 
S. 3010 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3010, a bill to amend the National Tele-communications and Information Ad-ministration Organization Act to pro-vide for necessary payments from the Spectrum Relocation Fund for costs of spectrum research and development and planning activities. S. 3011 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3011, a bill to ban the ex-portation of crude oil or refined petro-leum products derived from Federal land, and for other purposes. 
S. 3013 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3013, a bill to amend the Trade Expan-sion Act of 1962 to require Congres-sional approval before the President adjusts imports that are determined to threaten to impair national security. 
S. RES. 435 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 435, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a re-minder of repressive Soviet policies against the people of Ukraine. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2270 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2270 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2273 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2273 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2285 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 2285 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2293 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. HARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2293 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2309 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 2309 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2335 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2335 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2366 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OL-
LINS) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2366 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2367 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2367 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 3035. A bill to designate a moun-tain ridge in the State of Montana as ‘‘B–47 Ridge’’; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, on July 23, 1962, a B–47 Bomber carrying four 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.033 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3296 June 7, 2018 
men on a routine training mission crashed into the southwestern slope of Emigrant Peak, killing all on board. Crash debris still remains on the unnamed ridge where these men lost their lives. After over half a century, it is time that these men are memorial-ized for their service so their families may have closure. Capt. Bill Faulconer, Lt. Lloyd Sawyers, Lt. David Sutton, and Lt. Fred Hixenbaugh lost their lives while serving our country. Nam-ing the ridge in their memory will for-ever remind Montanans and visitors of their sacrifice. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 537—COM-MENDING THE YALE UNIVER-SITY MEN’S LACROSSE TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2018 NA-TIONAL COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION I MEN’S LACROSSE CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 537 Whereas, on May 28, 2018, the Yale Univer-sity Men’s Lacrosse Team (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘Yale’’) won the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Association (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division I Men’s Lacrosse Championship with a 13–11 win over the Duke University Blue Devils at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Massachu-setts; Whereas this is the first time that Yale has won an NCAA lacrosse national champion-ship; Whereas Yale finished the 2018 season with a record of 17 wins and 3 losses; and Whereas Yale has an overall record of 103 wins and 40 losses during the past 9 seasons: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the Yale University Men’s Lacrosse Team for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Men’s Lacrosse Championship; (2) congratulates the fans, students, and faculty of Yale University; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) the President of Yale University, Peter Salovey; and (B) the Head Coach of the Yale University Men’s Lacrosse Team, Andy Shay. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 538—COM-MENDING THE WESLEYAN UNI-VERSITY MEN’S LACROSSE TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2018 NA-TIONAL COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION DIVISION III MEN’S LACROSSE CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 538 Whereas, on Sunday, May 27, 2018, the Wes-leyan University Men’s Lacrosse Team (re-ferred to in this preamble as ‘‘Wesleyan’’) won the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic As-sociation (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) Division III title with an 8-6 win over the Salisbury Sea Gulls at Gillette Sta-dium in Foxborough, Massachusetts; Whereas this is the first NCAA lacrosse na-tional championship for Wesleyan; and Whereas Wesleyan finished the 2018 season with a record of 19–3: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends the Wesleyan University Men’s Lacrosse Team for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Association Di-vision III title; (2) congratulates the fans, students, and faculty of Wesleyan University; and (3) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) the President of Wesleyan University, Michael S. Roth; and (B) the Head Coach of the Wesleyan Uni-versity Men’s Lacrosse Team, John Raba. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 38—RECOGNIZING AND SUP-PORTING THE EFFORTS OF THE UNITED BID COMMITTEE TO BRING THE 2026 FEDERATION INTERNATIONALE DE FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION (FIFA) WORLD CUP COMPETITION TO CANADA, MEX-ICO, AND THE UNITED STATES Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B
LUNT , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) sub-mitted the following concurrent resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. C ON. RES. 38 Whereas soccer is one of the fastest grow-ing and most popular sports in the world and the FIFA World Cup competition is the sin-gle most important event in that sport; Whereas the United States successfully hosted in nine cities throughout the Nation the 1994 FIFA World Cup competition, which was broadcast to billions of fans around the world and set an attendance record of nearly 3.6 million, which remains unbroken today; Whereas the 1994 FIFA World Cup competi-tion served as a catalyst for the increased popularity and development of the game throughout the United States, as well as the introduction of Major League Soccer, the United States national first division profes-sional soccer league; Whereas United States Soccer Federation and its counterparts in Canada and Mexico have established a United Bid Committee to prepare and submit an unprecedented joint bid to host the 2026 FIFA World Cup com-petition in North America; Whereas Canada, the United States, and Mexico share core beliefs in justice, freedom, equality, and opportunity, and have a long history of partnership, innovation, and growth together on our shared continent; Whereas for the first time in history the 2026 FIFA World Cup will include teams from 48 nations and presents an opportunity for Canada, Mexico, and the United States as host countries to demonstrate the highest achievable standards and serve as a bench-mark for future organizers; Whereas North America is home to one of the most competitive and advanced profes-sional sports landscapes in the world that is continually updating to take advantage of the latest innovations and modernizations; Whereas numerous American cities have been named by the United Bid Committee as candidates to serve as hosts to FIFA World Cup matches in 2026, with each of these cities embodying the diversity and enthusiasm shared by the entire Nation and guaran-teeing each participating team and its fol-lowers a ‘‘home team’’ atmosphere; Whereas the United States and its neigh-bors offer FIFA a valuable and receptive market within which to further develop the sport of soccer, which in turn will have sig-nificant impact on and off the field in both the United States and throughout the world; Whereas the United States possesses all necessary state-of-the-art infrastructure in its stadiums and potential host cities to en-sure that the competition sets a new stand-ard of quality, comfort, security, and safety for players, officials, spectators, media, and sponsors alike; Whereas hosting the 2026 FIFA World Cup in Canada, Mexico, and the United States promises record-setting attendance and fi-nancial performance, allowing revenues and tourism generated by the competition to be used for the further development of soccer, FIFA’s objectives of positive social and envi-ronmental change, and further economic growth throughout our Nation; Whereas hosting the 2026 FIFA World Cup competition in Canada, Mexico, and the United States would serve as a tremendous impetus to national and international good-will, as the competition would bring people from many nations, along with a diverse public, together under one banner of peace, friendship, and spirited and fair competition; Whereas the historical tradition of inclusivity in the United States is shared by Canada and Mexico and the three countries are eager to welcome the players, spectators, and visitors who may travel to North Amer-ica for the 2026 FIFA World Cup games; and Whereas pursuant to FIFA bidding proce-dures, the President of the United States and certain Federal agencies have been asked to issue guarantees that upon authorization or appropriation, would establish the condi-tions required to help make the 2026 FIFA World Cup competition the most successful in history: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That the Congress— (1) recognizes and supports the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 FIFA World Cup competition to Canada, Mexico, and the United States; (2) encourages the President of the United States and appropriate Federal agencies to support the United Bid Committee in its ef-forts to meet all requirements for the United States to jointly host with Canada and Mex-ico the 2026 FIFA World Cup competition; and (3) stands prepared to give full consider-ation to legislative proposals or other re-quests by the President to provide support related to the 2026 FIFA World Cup competi-tion, if Canada, Mexico, and the United States are selected to host this event. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2371. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2372. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2373. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.037 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3297 June 7, 2018 
amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2374. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2375. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2376. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2377. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2378. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2379. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2380. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2381. Mr. CORKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2382. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2383. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2384. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2385. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2386. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2387. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2388. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mrs. ERNST ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2389. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2390. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2391. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2392. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2393. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2394. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2395. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2396. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2397. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2398. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2399. Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2400. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2401. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2402. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2403. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2404. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2405. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2406. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2407. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2408. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2409. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2410. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2411. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2412. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2413. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2414. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2415. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2416. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2417. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.040 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3298 June 7, 2018 
SA 2418. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2419. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. W
ARREN , and Ms. C OLLINS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2420. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2421. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2422. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2423. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2424. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2425. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
URPHY , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2426. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2427. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. B
URR, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. G RAHAM , and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2428. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2429. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2430. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2431. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2432. Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mrs. C
AP-
ITO, Mr. D AINES , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. HOEVEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2433. Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, and Mr. L ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2434. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2435. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2436. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2437. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. Y OUNG , Ms. W ARREN , and Ms. H
ASSAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2438. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2439. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2440. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2441. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2442. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2443. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2444. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2445. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2446. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2447. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. ENZI, and Mrs. F ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2448. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2449. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2450. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2451. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2452. Mr. JONES (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2453. Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. K AINE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2454. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2455. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2456. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2457. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2458. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2459. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Mr. C ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2460. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2461. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2462. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.042 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3299 June 7, 2018 
SA 2463. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2464. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2465. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2466. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2467. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2468. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2469. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2470. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2471. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2472. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2473. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2474. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2475. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2476. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2477. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2478. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2479. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2480. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2481. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2482. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2483. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2484. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2485. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2486. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2487. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2488. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2489. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2490. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2491. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2492. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2493. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2494. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2495. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2496. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2497. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2498. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2499. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2500. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2501. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2502. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2503. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2504. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2505. Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2506. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2507. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.044 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3300 June 7, 2018 
SA 2508. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2509. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. K
ENNEDY , and Ms. C ANTWELL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2510. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2511. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2512. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2513. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2514. Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2515. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2516. Mr. PETERS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2517. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2518. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2519. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2520. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2521. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2522. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. HEINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2523. Ms. SMITH (for herself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2524. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2525. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2526. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2527. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2528. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2529. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2530. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2531. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2532. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2533. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2534. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2535. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2536. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2537. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. DURBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2538. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2539. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2540. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2541. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2542. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2543. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2544. Mr. REED submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2545. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2546. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2547. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2548. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2549. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2550. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2551. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2552. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.046 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3301 June 7, 2018 
SA 2553. Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2554. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2555. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2556. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2557. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2558. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2559. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2560. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2561. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2562. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2563. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2564. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2565. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2566. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2567. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2568. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2569. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2570. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2571. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2572. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2573. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. M ANCHIN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2574. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2575. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , and Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2576. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2577. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2578. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2371. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. BROADBAND AND EMERGING INFOR-MATION TECHNOLOGY COORDI-NATOR. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) According to a report by the Federal Communications Commission entitled ‘‘Con-necting America: The National Broadband Plan’’, dated March 2010, the Commission recommends that— (A) ‘‘To fully implement next-generation technology within its operations, the SBA should also appoint a broadband and emerg-ing IT coordinator. This individual would en-sure that SBA programs maintain the req-uisite broadband expertise, tools and train-ing courses to serve small businesses.’’; (B) ‘‘Congress should consider ways to le-verage existing assistance provided through’’ entrepreneurial development programs, ‘‘to focus training on advanced IT and broadband applications’’; (C) ‘‘Congress could also consider ways to support technology training among women entrepreneurs through’’ women’s business centers; (D) ‘‘The training programs should include an entry-level ‘Broadband 101’ course to give small businesses an introduction to how to capitalize on broadband connectivity, as well as more advanced applications for IT staff.’’; and (E) small and medium enterprise ‘‘IT train-ing should include resources for non-IT staff, such as how to use e-commerce tools for sales, streamline finance with online records or leverage knowledge management across an organization.’’. (2) According to a report by the Broadband Opportunity Council, dated August 20, 2015, the availability of and access to broadband technology enables— (A) greater civic participation, by pro-viding tools for open government and streamlining government process; (B) changes in how people access edu-cational resources, collaborate in the edu-cational process, conduct research, and con-tinue to learn anytime, anyplace, and at any pace; (C) improved healthcare access, treat-ments, and information; (D) new business models that create busi-ness efficiencies, drive job creation, and con-nect manufacturers and store-fronts to cli-ents and partners worldwide; and (E) bringing communities together and im-provements to public safety, creating a greener planet, and make transportation sys-tems more resilient and efficient. (3) According to a report entitled ‘‘The State of the App Economy’’, dated October 2014— (A) ‘‘More than three-quarters of the high-est grossing apps are produced by startups and small companies.’’; and (B) ‘‘Seventy-eight percent of the leading app companies are located outside Silicon Valley.’’. (4) According to a report entitled, ‘‘Devel-oper Economics Q1 2015: State of the Devel-oper Nation’’, dated February 2015, ‘‘The emergence of the app industry over the past eight years has grown to a $120 billion econ-omy.’’. (b) B
ROADBAND AND EMERGING INFORMATION  T
ECHNOLOGY COORDINATOR .—The Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 47 as section 48; and (2) by inserting after section 46 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 47. BROADBAND AND EMERGING INFORMA-TION TECHNOLOGY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘Associate Administrator’ means the Associate Administrator for the Office of Investment and Innovation; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.048 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3302 June 7, 2018 
‘‘(2) the term ‘broadband and emerging in-formation technology coordinator’ means the employee designated to carry out the broadband and emerging information tech-nology coordination responsibilities of the Administration under subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF COORDINATOR .— ‘‘(1) A
SSIGNMENT OF COORDINATOR .—The As- sociate Administrator shall designate a sen-ior employee of the Office of Investment and Innovation to serve as the broadband and emerging information technology coordi-nator, who— ‘‘(A) shall report to the Associate Adminis-trator; ‘‘(B) shall work in coordination with— ‘‘(i) the chief information officer, the chief technology officer, and the head of the Office of Technology of the Administration; and ‘‘(ii) any other Associate Administrator of the Administration determined appropriate by the Associate Administrator; ‘‘(C) has experience developing and imple-menting telecommunications policy in the private sector or government; and ‘‘(D) has demonstrated significant experi-ence in the area of broadband or emerging information technology. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF COORDINATOR .— The broadband and emerging information technology coordinator shall— ‘‘(A) coordinate programs of the Adminis-tration that assist small business concerns in adopting, making innovations in, and using broadband and other emerging infor-mation technologies; ‘‘(B) serve as the primary liaison of the Ad-ministration to other Federal agencies in-volved in broadband and emerging informa-tion technology policy, including the Depart-ment of Commerce, the Department of Agri-culture, and the Federal Communications Commission; ‘‘(C) identify best practices relating to broadband and emerging information tech-nology that may benefit small business con-cerns; and ‘‘(D) identify and catalog tools and train-ing available through the resource partners of the Administration that assist small busi-ness concerns in adopting, making innova-tions in, and using broadband and emerging technologies. ‘‘(3) T
RAVEL .—Not more than 20 percent of the hours of service by the broadband and emerging information technology coordi-nator during any fiscal year shall consist of travel outside the United States to perform official duties. ‘‘(c) B
ROADBAND AND EMERGING TECH-
NOLOGY TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) T
RAINING .—The Associate Adminis-trator shall provide to employees of the Ad-ministration training that— ‘‘(A) familiarizes employees of the Admin-istration with broadband and other emerging information technologies; ‘‘(B) includes— ‘‘(i) instruction on counseling small busi-ness concerns regarding adopting, making innovations in, and using broadband and other emerging information technologies; and ‘‘(ii) information on programs of the Fed-eral Government that provide assistance to small business concerns relating to broadband and emerging information tech-nologies; and ‘‘(C) to maximum extent practicable, uses the tools and training cataloged and identi-fied under subsection (b)(2)(D). ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sub-section. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) B
IENNIAL REPORT ON ACTIVITIES .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Associate Administrator makes the first designation of an employee under subsection (b), and every 2 years thereafter, the broadband and emerging information tech-nology coordinator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives a report regarding the programs and activities of the Administration relating to broadband and other emerging information technologies. ‘‘(2) IMPACT OF BROADBAND SPEED AND PRICE  
ON SMALL BUSINESSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to appropria-tions, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy shall conduct a study evaluating the impact of broadband speed and price on small business concerns. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study under sub-paragraph (A), including— ‘‘(i) a survey of broadband speeds available to small business concerns; ‘‘(ii) a survey of the cost of broadband speeds available to small business concerns; ‘‘(iii) a survey of the type of broadband technology used by small business concerns; and ‘‘(iv) any policy recommendations that may improve the access of small business concerns to comparable broadband services at comparable rates in all regions of the United States.’’. (c) E
NTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT .—Sec- tion 21(c)(3)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘accessing broadband and other emerging information technology,’’ after ‘‘technology transfer,’’; (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) increasing the competitiveness and productivity of small business concerns by assisting entrepreneurs in accessing broadband and other emerging information technology;’’. 
SA 2372. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EN-TREPRENEURSHIP SUPPORTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘National Guard and Reserve Entrepreneurship Support Act’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF LOANASSISTANCE AND DE-
FERRAL ELIGIBILITY TO RESERVISTS BEYOND  P
ERIODS OF MILITARY CONFLICT .— (1) S
MALL BUSINESS ACT AMENDMENTS .—Sec- tion 7 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking clause (ii); (II) by redesignating clause (i) as clause (ii); (III) by inserting before clause (ii), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(i) the term ‘active service’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code;’’; and (IV) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘being ordered to active military duty during a pe-riod of military conflict’’ and inserting ‘‘being ordered to perform active service for a period of more than 30 consecutive days’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (G)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘active duty’’ and inserting ‘‘active service’’; and (B) in subsection (n)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘ACTIVE DUTY’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTIVE SERV-
ICE’’; (ii) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking subparagraph (C); (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively; (III) by inserting before subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(A) A
CTIVE SERVICE .—The term ‘active service’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code.’’; (IV) in subparagraph (B), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘ordered to active duty during a period of military conflict’’ and in-serting ‘‘ordered to perform active service for a period of more than 30 consecutive days’’; and (V) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’; and (iii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘ac-tive duty’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘active service’’. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by paragraph (1)(A) shall apply to an eco-nomic injury suffered or likely to be suffered as the result of an essential employee being ordered to perform active service (as defined in section 101(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code) for a period of more than 30 consecu-tive days who is discharged or released from such active service on or after the date of en-actment of this Act. (3) S
EMIANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and semiannually thereafter, the Presi-dent shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the number of loans made under the Military Re-servist Economic Injury Disaster Loan pro-gram and the dollar volume of those loans. The report shall contain the subsidy rate of the disaster loan program as authorized under section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)) with the loans made under the Military Reservist Economic Injury Dis-aster Loan program and without those loans included. (4) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 8(l) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(l)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The Administration’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administration’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 7(n)(1))’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.051 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3303 June 7, 2018 
‘‘(2) D EFINITION OF PERIOD OF MILITARY CON -
FLICT .—In this subsection, the term ‘period of military conflict’ means— ‘‘(A) a period of war declared by the Con-gress; ‘‘(B) a period of national emergency de-clared by the Congress or by the President; or ‘‘(C) a period of a contingency operation, as defined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code.’’. (c) N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE DEPLOY -
MENT SUPPORT AND BUSINESS TRAINING PRO-
GRAM .— (1) E
XPANSION OF SMALL BUSINESS ADMINIS -
TRATION OUTREACH PROGRAMS .—Section 8(b)(17) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(b)(17)) is amended by striking ‘‘and mem-bers of a reserve component of the Armed Forces’’ and inserting ‘‘members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces, and the spouses of veterans and members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces’’. (2) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—Section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) N
ATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE DE-
PLOYMENT SUPPORT AND BUSINESS TRAIN-
ING.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In making grants carried out under section 8(b)(17), the Associate Ad-ministrator shall establish a program, to be known as the ‘National Guard and Reserve Deployment Support and Business Training Program’, to provide training, counseling and other assistance to support members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and their spouses. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this subsection, the Associate Administrator may— ‘‘(A) modify programs and resources made available under section 8(b)(17) to provide pre-deployment and other information spe-cific to members of a reserve component of the Armed Forces and their spouses; ‘‘(B) collaborate with the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau or the Chief’s designee, State Adjunct Generals or their designees, and other public and private partners; and ‘‘(C) provide training, information and other resources to the Chief of the National Guard Bureau or the Chief’s designee and State Adjunct Generals or their designees for the purpose of supporting members of a re-serve component of the Armed Forces and the spouses of veterans and members of a re-serve component of the Armed Forces.’’. 
SA 2373. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Ms. S TABENOW ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. REPORT ON USE BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF QUALITY MEASURES TO ASSESS MATERNAL MORTALITY AND SERIOUS MORBIDITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the use by the Department of Defense of quality measures in assessing maternal mortality and serious morbidity for active duty mem-bers of the Armed Forces. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include a comparison be-tween care provided through military treat-ment facilities and care provided by the De-partment of Defense through contracts as well as a comparison with quality measure-ment between care provided by the Depart-ment and care provided to civilian popu-lations. 
SA 2374. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At appropriate place, insert the following: 
SEC. llll. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on De-cember 31, 2019, to construct or modify any facility in the United States or in a territory or possession of the United States to house 1 or more unaccompanied alien children for the purpose of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the De-partment of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, or the Department of Health and Human Services unless expressly authorized by an Act of Congress. (b) U
NACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘unaccom-panied alien child’’ has the meaning given the term in section 462(g) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)). 
SA 2375. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1107. CLARIFICATION OF SCOPE OF TEM-PORARY DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR DOMESTIC DEFENSE INDUS-TRIAL BASE FACILITIES AND THE MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILI-TIES BASE. 
Section 1125(c) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘plant,’’ after ‘‘arsenal,’’. 
SA 2376. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. UNITED STATES CYBER STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a com-prehensive, interagency national strategy for cyberspace. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The comprehensive, inter-agency national strategy required by para-graph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A government-wide and accepted glos-sary of definitions and terms for cyberspace and cyber-related activities. (B) Criteria for the types of malicious cyber activities that the United States Gov-ernment will seek to deter and will respond to. (C) Processes, mechanisms, and authorities for attribution of malicious cyber activities. (D) Menu of options for deterrence denial and response to malicious cyber activities using the range of national power to con-duct. (E) Tasks, roles, and responsibilities of the following entities in regards to cyberspace: (i) Department of Homeland Security for domestic cyber security concerns and de-fense of critical infrastructure. (ii) Department of Defense for military cyber activities and offensive cyber oper-ations. (iii) Department of State for cyber diplo-macy and promotion of United States values on fair use of cyberspace and related activi-ties. (iv) Any other agency deemed appropriate by the President to be a primary stakeholder for a cyber activity or related policy. (F) Specific tasks, roles, and responsibil-ities of the above entities in regards to spe-cific cyber event scenarios that are deter-mined to impact United States national se-curity, which should include— (i) a cyber attack that damages or de-grades the use of critical infrastructure within United States territory; (ii) a cyber attack that influences eco-nomic systems to any degree determined detrimental to national security; (iii) a cyber attack targeting United States military abroad that degrades their capa-bility to respond to crises or to conduct mili-tary operations; and (iv) cyber espionage that steals a signifi-cant amount of data deemed to be a threat to United States national security. (G) Use of, coordination with, or liaison to international partners, nongovernmental or-ganizations, or commercial entities that sup-port United States policy goals in cyber-space. (H) Synchronization processes for the use of interagency tools for cyberspace oper-ations, including the role of the National Se-curity Council in coordinating interagency tools. (I) The establishment of a permanent interagency commission to continually im-plement, study, and revise the cyber strat-egy for the whole of Government to meet emerging threats and trends. (J) The appointment of an individual from within the body established in subclause (I) as the leader for interagency cyber strategy and execution of said strategy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.052 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3304 June 7, 2018 
(K) The development of a semiannual or bi-ennial war game involving all Federal agen-cies to determine best practices for domestic and global responses to cyber events. (L) Cyber operations plans for possible cyber events to supplement current oper-ations plans of the unified combatant com-mand. (M) Mechanisms for continuous informa-tion sharing among Government agencies re-lating to the range of cyber operations. (N) Such other matters as the President considers appropriate. (b) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the submission of the strat-egy required by subsection (a), and annually after that, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an as-sessment of the strategy, including— (1) the status of implementation of the strategy; (2) notes and minutes from any meeting of the permanent interagency commission; (3) brief and results of semiannual or bien-nial war games prescribed in subsection (a)(2)(J); and (4) any changes to the strategy since such submission. (c) F
ORM.—The strategy and assessment re-quired by this section shall each be sub-mitted in classified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2377. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON INCREASES IN DEFENSE CAPABILITIES OF UNITED STATES ALLIES. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) For over six decades, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) has been a suc-cessful intergovernmental, political, and military alliance. (2) The collective defense of the North At-lantic Treaty Organization acts as a deter-rent to aggression in which the alliance de-fends member countries (referred to in this section as ‘‘NATO allies’’) against external security threats. (3) The North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion strengthens the security of the United States by using an integrated military coali-tion. (4) While the Federation of Russia has con-tinued to threaten the sovereignty of coun-tries in Europe and exhibit threatening be-havior toward the military assets of the United States, the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization sends a clear collective message that the alliance will not tolerate provo-cation by Russia. (5) Article 3 of the North Atlantic Treaty states that ‘‘in order more effectively to achieve the objectives of this Treaty, the Parties, separately and jointly, by means of continuous and effective self-help and mu-tual aid, will maintain and develop their in-dividual and collective capacity to resist armed attack’’. (6) The first defense-spending target of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was issued over 40 years ago in the 1977 NATO Ministerial Guidance, which set a 3 percent target for growth in defense expenditures to answer the nearly three times larger defense resource allocations of the Soviet Union. (7) At the 2002 NATO Prague Summit, NATO allies entered into a nonbinding agree-ment to raise defense spending to 2 percent of the gross domestic product of the member states to meet the goals set forth in the Prague Capabilities Commitment. (8) One month before the 2006 NATO Riga Summit, United States ambassador to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Vic-toria Nuland, called the 2 percent metric the ‘‘unofficial floor’’ on defense spending in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. (9) At the 2006 NATO Riga Summit, NATO allies declared ‘‘we encourage nations whose defense spending is declining to halt that de-cline and to aim to increase defense spending in real terms’’. (10) In 2008, at the NATO Bucharest Sum-mit, NATO allies reaffirmed their defense spending agreement. (11) In 2014, at the NATO Wales Summit, NATO allies officially declared to increase their defense spending to 2 percent of their gross domestic product by 2024. (12) The Wales Summit Declaration stated, ‘‘Allies currently meeting the NATO guide-line to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their Gross Domestic Product (GDP) on defense will aim to continue to do so. Likewise, Al-lies spending more than 20 percent of their defense budgets on major equipment, includ-ing related Research & Development, will continue to do so. Allies whose current pro-portion of GDP spent on defense is below this level will: halt any decline in defense ex-penditure; aim to increase defense expendi-ture in real terms as GDP grows; aim to move towards the 2 percent guideline within a decade with a view to meeting their NATO Capability Targets and filling NATO’s capa-bility shortfalls.’’. (13) The 2016 Warsaw Summit Communique ´ stated, ‘‘Today, five Allies meet the NATO guideline to spend a minimum of 2 percent of their Gross Domestic Product on defense. Ten Allies meet the NATO guideline to spend more than 20 percent of their defense budgets on major equipment, including related Re-search & Development.’’. (14) As of June 2018, 15 of the 29 NATO al-lies are expected to reach the goal of spend-ing two percent of gross domestic product on defense by 2024. (15) It is the sense of Congress that the President, in furtherance of increased unity, equitable sharing of the common defense burden, and international stability, should— (A) encourage all NATO allies to fulfill their commitments to levels and composi-tion of defense expenditures as agreed at the NATO 2014 Wales Summit and NATO 2016 Warsaw Summit; (B) call on NATO allies to finance, equip, and train their armed forces to fulfill their national and regional security interests; and (C) recognize NATO allies that are meeting their defense spending commitments or oth-erwise providing adequately for their na-tional and regional security interests. 
SA 2378. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1226. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN MILITIAS IN IRAQ THAT ARE BACKED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAN. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the President shall block and prohibit, pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), all transactions in all property and interests in property of As-Saib Ahl al- Haq, Harakat Hizballah al-Nujaba, and any foreign person that the President determines is an official, agent, or affiliate of, or owned or controlled by, As-Saib Ahl al-Haq or Harakat Hizballah al-Nujaba, if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (2) E
XCEPTION .—The requirement to impose sanctions under paragraph (1) shall not in-clude the requirement or the authority to impose sanctions on the importation of goods (as that term is defined in section 16 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.))). (3) U
NITED STATES PERSON DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit a report that in-cludes a detailed list of entities in which there is a reasonable basis to determine that Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps has an ownership interest of not less than 33 percent to— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
SA 2379. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.052 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3305 June 7, 2018 
other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1126. IMPROVED AUTHORITIES OF SECRE-TARIES OF MILITARY DEPARTMENTS TO IMPROVE ACCOUNTABILITY OF SENIOR EXECUTIVES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary of a military department may, as provided in this section, reprimand or suspend, involuntarily reassign, demote, or remove a covered indi-vidual from a senior executive position at the military department if the Secretary de-termines that the misconduct or perform-ance of the covered individual warrants such action. (2) If the Secretary so removes such an in-dividual, the Secretary may remove the indi-vidual from the civil service (as defined in section 2101 of title 5, United States Code). (b) R
IGHTS AND PROCEDURES .—(1) A covered individual who is the subject of an action under subsection (a) is entitled to— (A) advance notice of the action and a file containing all evidence in support of the pro-posed action; (B) be represented by an attorney or other representative of the covered individual’s choice; and (C) grieve the action in accordance with an internal grievance process that the Sec-retary of the applicable military department shall establish for purposes of this sub-section. (2)(A) The aggregate period for notice, re-sponse, and decision on an action under sub-section (a) may not exceed 15 business days. (B) The period for the response of a covered individual to a notice under paragraph (1)(A) of an action under subsection (a) shall be 7 business days. (C) A decision under this paragraph on an action under subsection (a) shall be issued not later than 15 business days after notice of the action is provided to the covered indi-vidual under paragraph (1)(A). The decision shall be in writing, and shall include the spe-cific reasons therefor. (3) The Secretary of the applicable mili-tary department shall ensure that the griev-ance process established under paragraph (1)(C) takes fewer than 21 days. (4) A decision under paragraph (2) that is not grieved, and a grievance decision under paragraph (3), shall be final and conclusive. (5) A covered individual adversely affected by a decision under paragraph (2) that is not grieved, or by a grievance decision under paragraph (3), may obtain judicial review of such decision. (6) In any case in which judicial review is sought under paragraph (5), the court shall review the record and may set aside any military department action found to be— (A) arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of dis-cretion, or otherwise not in accordance with a provision of law; (B) obtained without procedures required by a provision of law having been followed; or (C) unsupported by substantial evidence. (c) R
ELATION TO OTHER PROVISIONS OF  L
AW.—Section 3592(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, and the procedures under sec-tion 7543(b) of such title do not apply to an action under subsection (a). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered individual’’ means a career appointee (as that term is defined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5, United States Code). (2) The term ‘‘military department’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The term ‘‘misconduct’’ includes ne-glect of duty, malfeasance, or failure to ac-cept a directed reassignment or to accom-pany a position in a transfer of function. (4) The term ‘‘senior executive position’’ means with respect to a career appointee (as that term is defined in section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code), a Senior Executive Service position (as such term is defined in such section). SEC. 1127. IMPROVED AUTHORITIES OF SECRE-TARIES OF MILITARY DEPARTMENTS TO IMPROVE ACCOUNTABILITY OF EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary of a military department may remove, demote, or suspend a covered individual who is an employee of a military department if the Secretary determines the performance or misconduct of the covered individual war-rants such removal, demotion, or suspension. (2) If the Secretary so removes, demotes, or suspends such a covered individual, the Sec-retary may— (A) remove the covered individual from the civil service (as defined in section 2101 of title 5, United States Code); (B) demote the covered individual by means of a reduction in grade for which the covered individual is qualified, that the Sec-retary determines is appropriate, and that reduces the annual rate of pay of the covered individual; or (C) suspend the covered individual. (b) P
AY OF CERTAIN DEMOTED INDIVID -
UALS .—(1) Any covered individual subject to a demotion under subsection (a)(2) shall, be-ginning on the date of such demotion, re-ceive the annual rate of pay applicable to such grade. (2)(A) A covered individual so demoted may not be placed on administrative leave during the period during which an appeal (if any) under this section is ongoing, and may only receive pay if the covered individual re-ports for duty or is approved to use accrued unused annual, sick, family medical, mili-tary, or court leave. (B) If a covered individual so demoted does not report for duty or receive approval to use accrued unused leave, such covered indi-vidual shall not receive pay or other benefits pursuant to subsection (d)(5). (c) P
ROCEDURE .—(1)(A) The aggregate pe-riod for notice, response, and final decision in a removal, demotion, or suspension under this section may not exceed 15 business days. (B) The period for the response of a covered individual to a notice of a proposed removal, demotion, or suspension under this section shall be 7 business days. (C) Paragraph (3) of subsection (b) of sec-tion 7513 of title 5, United States Code, shall apply with respect to a removal, demotion, or suspension under this section. (D) The procedures in this subsection shall supersede any collective bargaining agree-ment to the extent that such agreement is inconsistent with such procedures. (2) The Secretary of the applicable mili-tary department shall issue a final decision with respect to a removal, demotion, or sus-pension under this section not later than 15 business days after the Secretary provides notice, including a file containing all the evidence in support of the proposed action, to the covered individual of the removal, de-motion, or suspension. The decision shall be in writing and shall include the specific rea-sons therefor. (3) The procedures under chapter 43 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to a removal, demotion, or suspension under this section. (4)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B) and sub-section (d), any removal or demotion under this section, and any suspension of more than 14 days under this section, may be ap-pealed to the Merit Systems Protection Board, which shall refer such appeal to an administrative judge pursuant to section 7701(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code. (B) An appeal under subparagraph (A) of a removal, demotion, or suspension may only be made if such appeal is made not later than 10 business days after the date of such removal, demotion, or suspension. (d) EXPEDITED REVIEW .—(1) Upon receipt of an appeal under subsection (c)(4)(A), the ad-ministrative judge shall expedite any such appeal under section 7701(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, and, in any such case, shall issue a final and complete decision not later than 180 days after the date of the ap-peal. (2)(A) Notwithstanding section 7701(c)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, the adminis-trative judge shall uphold the decision of the Secretary of the applicable military depart-ment to remove, demote, or suspend an em-ployee under subsection (a) if the decision is supported by substantial evidence. (B) Notwithstanding title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of law, if the de-cision of the Secretary of the applicable military department is supported by sub-stantial evidence, the administrative judge shall not mitigate the penalty prescribed by the Secretary. (3)(A) The decision of the administrative judge under paragraph (1) may be appealed to the Merit Systems Protection Board. (B) Notwithstanding section 7701(c)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board shall uphold the deci-sion of the Secretary to remove, demote, or suspend an employee under subsection (a) if the decision is supported by substantial evi-dence. (C) Notwithstanding title 5, United States Code, or any other provision of law, if the de-cision of the Secretary of the applicable military department is supported by sub-stantial evidence, the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board shall not mitigate the penalty prescribed by the Secretary. (4) In any case in which the administrative judge cannot issue a decision in accordance with the 180-day requirement under para-graph (1), the Merit Systems Protection Board shall, not later than 14 business days after the expiration of the 180-day period, submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report that explains the reasons why a deci-sion was not issued in accordance with such requirement. (5) A decision of the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board under paragraph (3) may be ap-pealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit pursuant to section 7703 of title 5, United States Code, or to any court of appeals of competent jurisdiction pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(B) of such sec-tion. (6) The Merit Systems Protection Board may not stay any removal or demotion under this section, except as provided in sec-tion 1214(b) of title 5, United States Code. (7) During the period beginning on the date on which a covered individual appeals a re-moval from the civil service under sub-section (c) and ending on the date that the United States Court of Appeals for the Fed-eral Circuit issues a final decision on such appeal, such covered individual may not re-ceive any pay, awards, bonuses, incentives, allowances, differentials, student loan repay-ments, special payments, or benefits related to the employment of the individual by the military department. (8) To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary of the applicable military de-partment shall provide to the Merit Systems Protection Board such information and as-sistance as may be necessary to ensure an appeal under this subsection is expedited. (9) If an employee prevails on appeal under this section, the employee shall be entitled 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.053 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3306 June 7, 2018 
to backpay (as provided in section 5596 of title 5, United States Code). (10) If an employee who is subject to a col-lective bargaining agreement chooses to grieve an action taken under this section through a grievance procedure provided under the collective bargaining agreement, the timelines and procedures set forth in subsection (c) and this subsection shall apply. (e) W
HISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION .—(1) In the case of a covered individual seeking correc-tive action (or on behalf of whom corrective action is sought) from the Office of Special Counsel (established by section 1211 of title 5, United States Code) based on an alleged prohibited personnel practice described in section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary of the applicable military de-partment may not remove, demote, or sus-pend such covered individual under sub-section (a) without the approval of the Spe-cial Counsel under section 1214(f) of title 5, United States Code. (2) In the case of a covered individual who has made a whistleblower disclosure to the Inspector General of the Department of De-fense, the Secretary of the applicable mili-tary department may not remove, demote, or suspend such covered individual under sub-section (a) until— (A) in the case in which the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Defense deter-mines to refer the whistleblower disclosure to an office or other investigative entity, a final decision with respect to the whistle-blower disclosure has been made by such of-fice or other investigative entity; or (B) in the case in which the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Defense deter-mines not to the refer the whistleblower dis-closure under such section, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense makes such determination. (f) T
ERMINATION OF INVESTIGATIONS BY OF-
FICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL .—(1) The Special Counsel (established by section 1211 of title 5) may terminate an investigation of a pro-hibited personnel practice alleged by an em-ployee or former employee of a military de-partment after the Special Counsel provides to the employee or former employee a writ-ten statement of the reasons for the termi-nation of the investigation. (2) Such statement may not be admissible as evidence in any judicial or administrative proceeding without the consent of such em-ployee or former employee. (g) V
ACANCIES .—In the case of a covered in-dividual who is removed or demoted under subsection (a), to the maximum extent fea-sible, the Secretary of the applicable mili-tary department shall fill the vacancy aris-ing as a result of such removal or demotion. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered individual’’ means an individual occupying a position at a mili-tary department, but does not include— (A) a career appointee (as that term is de-fined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5, United States Code); (B) a Senior Executive Service position (as that term is defined in section 3132(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code); (C) an individual who has not completed a probationary or trial period; or (D) a political appointee. (2) The term ‘‘military department’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The term ‘‘suspend’’ means the placing of an employee, for disciplinary reasons, in a temporary status without duties and pay for a period in excess of 14 days. (4) The term ‘‘grade’’ has the meaning given such term in section 7511(a) of title 5, United States Code. (5) The term ‘‘misconduct’’ includes ne-glect of duty, malfeasance, or failure to ac-cept a directed reassignment or to accom-pany a position in a transfer of function. (6) The term ‘‘political appointee’’ means an individual who is— (A) employed in a position described under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5, United States Code (relating to the Executive Schedule); (B) a limited term appointee, limited emer-gency appointee, or noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respec-tively, of section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code; or (C) employed in a position of a confidential or policy-determining character under sched-ule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, or successor regula-tion. SA 2380. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. BRIEFING ON CYBER EDUCATION AND TRAINING. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) traditional approaches to cyber training focused solely on tactics, techniques, and procedures that hackers have used in the past may be inadequate for the challenges facing the cyber workforce of the Depart-ment of Defense because they fail to focus on future threats; (2) such workforce encounters an informa-tion gap when conducting training derived from events that have already occurred rath-er than training developed for the evolving nature of cyber threats in real time, and cyber certifications such as Security + and CISSP are based on preventing vulnerabilities, exploits, and gaps identified in the past and lose relevance depending on when the courseware was updated; (3) bridging the gap in cyber training be-tween curriculum that has been built on leg-acy data versus training built on current real world cyberattacks is a meaningful area of cyber training research, curriculum devel-opment, and instruction delivery that should be addressed; and (4) universities and private industry are, and will continue to be, critical partners in the education and training of our future cyber force, and developing partnerships with such universities and industry will be crucial in staying informed of the latest best practices in the cyber domain. (b) B
RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on how the Depart-ment of Defense can leverage and partner with universities and industry on cyber edu-cation and training. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by subsection (a) shall include discussion of the following: (1) Current partnerships and ability to ex-pand and leverage such partnerships to im-prove cyber education and training. (2) Existing curriculum relating to cyber education and training and recommenda-tions for changes to ensure relevance of such education and training to future threats. (3) Joint development of curriculum, courseware, and research projects. (4) Joint use of instructors and of facili-ties. (5) Recommendations for legislative or ad-ministrative action to improve cyber edu-cation and training partnerships. SA 2381. Mr. CORKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL BEFORE ADJUSTMENT BY PRESIDENT OF IM-PORTS DETERMINED TO THREATEN TO IMPAIR NATIONAL SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (B); (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(A) Within’’ and inserting ‘‘With-in’’; (iii) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; and (iv) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated by clause (iii)— (I) by striking ‘‘determine’’ and inserting ‘‘submit to Congress, not later than 15 days after making that determination, a proposal regarding’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘must’’ and inserting ‘‘should’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) The President shall submit to Con-gress for review under subsection (f) a report describing the action proposed to be taken under paragraph (1) and specifying the rea-sons for such proposal. Such report shall be included in the report published under sub-section (e).’’; (2) by redesignating the second subsection (d) as subsection (e); and (3) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL OF PRESI-
DENTIAL ADJUSTMENT OF IMPORTS ; JOINT RES-
OLUTION OF APPROVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An action to adjust im-ports proposed by the President and sub-mitted to Congress under subsection (c)(2) shall have force and effect only upon the en-actment of a joint resolution of approval, provided for in paragraph (3), relating to that action. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD FOR REVIEW BY CONGRESS .—The period for congressional review of a report required to be submitted under subsection (c)(2) shall be 60 calendar days. ‘‘(3) J
OINT RESOLUTIONS OF APPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) J
OINT RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘joint resolution of approval’ means only a joint resolution of either House of Congress— ‘‘(i) the title of which is as follows: ‘A joint resolution approving the proposal of the President to take an action relating to the adjustment of imports entering into the United States in such quantities or under such circumstances as to threaten or impair the national security.’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.053 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3307 June 7, 2018 
‘‘(ii) the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is the following: ‘Congress approves of the recommendation of the President to Congress relating to the adjust-ment of imports to protect the national se-curity as proposed by the President in the report submitted to Congress under section 232(c)(2) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862(c)(2)) on lllll relating to lllll.’, with the first blank space being filled with the appropriate date and the sec-ond blank space being filled with a short de-scription of the proposed action. ‘‘(B) I
NTRODUCTION .—During the period of 60 calendar days provided for under para-graph (2), a joint resolution of approval may be introduced and shall be referred to the ap-propriate committee. ‘‘(C) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .—If a committee of the House of Representatives to which a joint resolu-tion of approval has been referred has not re-ported the joint resolution within 10 cal-endar days after the date of referral, that committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution. ‘‘(D) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— ‘‘(i) C
OMMITTEE REFERRAL .—A joint resolu-tion of approval introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Committee on Fi-nance. ‘‘(ii) R
EPORTING AND DISCHARGE .—If the committee to which a joint resolution of ap-proval was referred has not reported the joint resolution within 10 calendar days after the date of referral of the joint resolution, that committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution and the joint resolution shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. ‘‘(iii) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Not- withstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order at any time after the Committee on Finance reports a joint resolution of approval or has been discharged from consideration of such a joint resolution to move to proceed to the consid-eration of the joint resolution. The motion to proceed is not debatable. The motion is not subject to a motion to postpone. A mo-tion to reconsider the vote by which the mo-tion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. ‘‘(iv) R
ULINGS OF THE CHAIR ON PROCE -
DURE .—Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the pro-cedure relating to a joint resolution of ap-proval shall be decided by the Senate with-out debate. ‘‘(E) R
ULES RELATING TO SENATE AND HOUSE  
OF REPRESENTATIVES .— ‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF SENATE JOINT RESOLU -
TION IN HOUSE .—In the House of Representa-tives, the following procedures shall apply to a joint resolution of approval received from the Senate (unless the House has already passed a joint resolution relating to the same proposed action): ‘‘(I) The joint resolution shall be referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. ‘‘(II) If the Committee on Ways and Means has not reported the joint resolution within 2 calendar days after the date of referral, that committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the joint resolution. ‘‘(III) Beginning on the third legislative day after each committee to which a joint resolution has been referred reports the joint resolution to the House or has been dis-charged from further consideration thereof, it shall be in order to move to proceed to consider the joint resolution in the House. All points of order against the motion are waived. Such a motion shall not be in order after the House has disposed of a motion to proceed on the joint resolution. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without inter-vening motion. The motion shall not be de-batable. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is disposed of shall not be in order. ‘‘(IV) The joint resolution shall be consid-ered as read. All points of order against the joint resolution and against its consider-ation are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolu-tion to final passage without intervening motion except 2 hours of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the sponsor of the joint resolution (or a designee) and an oppo-nent. A motion to reconsider the vote on passage of the joint resolution shall not be in order. ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT OF HOUSE JOINT RESOLU -
TION IN SENATE .— ‘‘(I) If, before the passage by the Senate of a joint resolution of approval, the Senate re-ceives an identical joint resolution from the House of Representatives, the following pro-cedures shall apply: ‘‘(aa) That joint resolution shall not be re-ferred to a committee. ‘‘(bb) With respect to that joint resolu-tion— ‘‘(AA) the procedure in the Senate shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the House of Representatives; but ‘‘(BB) the vote on passage shall be on the joint resolution from the House of Rep-resentatives. ‘‘(II) If, following passage of a joint resolu-tion of approval in the Senate, the Senate re-ceives an identical joint resolution from the House of Representatives, that joint resolu-tion shall be placed on the appropriate Sen-ate calendar. ‘‘(III) If a joint resolution of approval is re-ceived from the House, and no companion joint resolution has been introduced in the Senate, the Senate procedures as described in subparagraph (D) shall apply to the House joint resolution. ‘‘(F) R
ULES OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
AND SENATE .—This paragraph is enacted by Congress— ‘‘(i) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, and supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and ‘‘(ii) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to any proposed action covered by subsection (c) of section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862), as so amended, on or after the date that is two years before the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) T
IMING OF CERTAIN PROPOSALS .—If the President makes a determination described in subsection (c)(1)(A) of such section, as so amended, during the period beginning on the date that is two years before the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the day before such date of enactment, the submis-sion to Congress of the proposal described in subsection (c)(1)(B) of such section, as so amended, shall be required not later than 15 days after such date of enactment. (3) M
ODIFICATION OF DUTY RATE AMOUNTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any rate of duty modified under section 232(c) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (19 U.S.C. 1862(c)) during the pe-riod specified in paragraph (2) shall on the date of the enactment of this Act revert to the rate of duty in effect before such modi-fication. (B) RETROACTIVE APPLICATION FOR CERTAIN  
LIQUIDATIONS AND RELIQUIDATIONS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), any entry of an article that— (I) was made— (aa) on or after the date that is two years before the date of the enactment of this Act, and (bb) before such date of enactment, and (II) to which a lower rate of duty would be applicable due to the application of subpara-graph (A), shall be liquidated or reliquidated as though such entry occurred on such date of enact-ment. (ii) R
EQUESTS .—A liquidation or reliquida-tion may be made under clause (i) with re-spect to an entry only if a request therefor is filed with U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that contains suf-ficient information to enable U.S. Customs and Border Protection— (I) to locate the entry; or (II) to reconstruct the entry if it cannot be located. (iii) P
AYMENT OF AMOUNTS OWED .—Any amounts owed by the United States pursuant to the liquidation or reliquidation of an entry of an article under clause (i) shall be paid, without interest, not later than 90 days after the date of the liquidation or reliquida-tion (as the case may be). 
SA 2382. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1107. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON AUTHOR-ITY TO REDUCE THE SIZE OF THE CI-VILIAN WORKFORCE OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
No provision of this Act or amendment made by this Act may be construed to pro-vide the Secretary of Defense any authority to reduce the size of the civilian workforce of the Department of Defense in a manner not otherwise authorized by section 1597 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 2383. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 215, line 17, insert before the pe-riod at the end the following: ‘‘, that is spe-cifically designed for the professional mili-tary education of commissioned officers’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.054 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3308 June 7, 2018 
SA 2384. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1636A. APPOINTMENT OF CYBERSECURITY COORDINATOR. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall appoint a Cy-bersecurity Coordinator within the Execu-tive Office of the President. (b) D
UTIES .—The Cybersecurity Coordi-nator appointed under subsection (a) shall be responsible for— (1) developing and coordinating the cyber-security strategy and policies of the Federal Government; and (2) providing oversight and assessment of the implementation of such strategy and policies across the Federal Government. 
SA 2385. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 340. STARBASE PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The budget of the President for fiscal year 2019 requested no funding for the De-partment of Defense STARBASE program. (2) The purpose of the STARBASE program is to improve the knowledge and skills of students in kindergarten through 12th grade in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) subjects, to connect them to the military, and to motivate them to explore science, technology, engineering, and mathematics and possible military ca-reers as they continue their education. (3) The STARBASE program currently op-erates at 76 locations in 40 States and the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, pri-marily on military installations. (4) To date, nearly 750,000 students have participated in the STARBASE program. (5) The STARBASE program is a highly ef-fective program run by dedicated members of the Armed Forces and strengthens the rela-tionships between the military, commu-nities, and local school districts. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the STARBASE program should continue to be funded by the Depart-ment of Defense. (c) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense by section 301 is here-by increased by $25,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide, for Civil Military Programs for the STARBASE pro-gram. (2) OFFSET .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the De-partment of Defense by section 301 is hereby reduced by $25,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be taken from amounts available for Operation and Maintenance, Navy, for Operating Forces for Enterprise In-formation (Line 300). 
SA 2386. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. 3119. PLUTONIUM PIT PRODUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator for Nuclear Security shall continue the design of the facility described in subsection (b) to 90 percent design completion with an inde-pendent cost estimate described in sub-section (c) before approval of a combined critical decision-2 and critical decision-3 under Department of Energy Order 413.3B (relating to program management and project management for the acquisition of capital assets), or a successor order, in order to ensure the suitability of the facility for plutonium pit production. (b) F
ACILITY DESCRIBED .—The facility de-scribed in this subsection is a plutonium pit production facility— (1) authorized pursuant to section 3114(c)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (50 U.S.C. 2535 note); (2) described in the document entitled the ‘‘Engineering Assessment Report—Pu Pit Production Engineering Assessment’’, dated April 13, 2018; and (3) capable of producing an additional 31 to 80 pits annually, as required by section 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a). (c) I
NDEPENDENT COST ESTIMATES DE-
SCRIBED .—An independent cost estimate de-scribed in this subsection shall include an evaluation of the suitability of the facility described in subsection (b) for plutonium pit production, including an evaluation of the following: (1) Life cycle costs. (2) Program acquisition unit costs for pit production. (3) Average program unit costs for pit pro-duction. (4) The costs of start up to full operations capable of producing 31 to 80 pits annually, as required by section 4219 of the Atomic En-ergy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a). (5) A quantitative risk assessment of pit production. (d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Combined critical decision-2 and critical decision-3 for the fa-cility described in subsection (b) may not commence until the date that is 30 days after the Administrator submits to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the independent cost estimate conducted under subsection (c). (e) PLAN FOR OVERSIGHT OF PITPRODUC -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, shall— (A) establish a plan for oversight of cur-rent and future plutonium pit production ca-pabilities to meet the requirements of the Department of Defense, including the devel-opment of a future plutonium pit production facility; and (B) submit the plan to the congressional defense committees. (2) S
IGNATURES .—The plan required by paragraph (1) shall be signed by all members of the Nuclear Weapons Council. (f) B
RIEFING ON PLUTONIUM STRATEGY .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council and the Adminis-trator for Nuclear Security shall jointly pro-vide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, and to any other congressional defense com-mittee upon request, a briefing detailing the implementation plan for the plutonium strategy of the National Nuclear Security Administration, including milestones, ac-countable personnel for such milestones, and mechanisms for ensuring transparency into the progress of the strategy for the Depart-ment of Defense and the congressional de-fense committees. 
SA 2387. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. TRAINING ON CONTRACTOR WORK-PLACE SAFETY AND HEALTH PRAC-TICES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement a training program for Depart-ment of Defense contracting officers on con-tractor workplace safety and health prac-tices. The training shall cover— (1) how to review publicly available Occu-pational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) databases and identify and evaluate prospective contractors’ violations of work-place safety and health regulations during the contract evaluation phase, including whether measures to avoid further violations are warranted; (2) how to evaluate and understand pro-spective contractors’ Accident Prevention Programs, as required by section 36.513 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation during the contractor evaluation phase; (3) how to evaluate workplace safety inci-dents and violations of workplace safety and heath regulations by the contractor during contract performance; and (4) any other information or processes that the Secretary of Defense determines relevant for purposes of evaluating the workplace safety records, plans, and performance of contractors and prospective contractors. 
SA 2388. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mrs. E
RNST ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.054 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3309 June 7, 2018 
INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. DOCUMENTATION OF INFORMATION ON BLAST EXPOSURES IN SERVICE RECORDS OF MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with such guidance as the Secretary of Defense shall issue for purposes of this section, each Sec-retary of a military department shall include in the military service records of members of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary appropriate documentation of information on any blasts to which such members are exposed during service in the Armed Forces (whether in combat or train-ing), including the following: (1) The month and year of exposure. (2) The severity of the exposure, which may include the blast pressure experienced during exposure and other features as deter-mined by the Secretary. (3) Whether exposure occurred during com-bat or training. (4) Whether a weapon was the source of the blast, and, if so, the type of weapon. (5) Such other information on the exposure as the Secretary of Defense shall specify in the guidance. (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on blast pressure expo-sure of members of the Armed Forces dur-ing— (A) with respect to the initial report, the one-year period ending on the date of such report; and (B) with respect to each subsequent report, the two-year period ending on the date of such report. (2) I
NFORMATION FROM SERVICE RECORDS .— Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include summary descriptions of the in-formation specified in each paragraph of sub-section (a) that was included in the records of such members during the period covered by such report. 
SA 2389. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1046(a), strike paragraph (4) and all that follows through the end of the sub-section and insert the following: (4) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (10); and (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) For each military operation covered by such report, whether or not the Depart-ment conducted any form of post-operation inquiry (including a battle damage assess-ment, commander-directed inquiry or inves-tigation, or other form of inquiry), and, if so, the form of such inquiry. ‘‘(6) For each combatant command for which such report covers one or more mili-tary operations, the remedial actions, if any, taken by the Department after such oper-ations (including the payment of ex gratia payments to victims or their families or the issuance of a formal apology to such fami-lies), set forth— ‘‘(A) by operation; and ‘‘(B) by country in which operations oc-curred. ‘‘(7) The number, if any, of ex gratia pay-ments made during the period covered by such report, set forth— ‘‘(A) in aggregate; ‘‘(B) by combatant command; ‘‘(C) by operation; and ‘‘(D) by country in which ex gratia pay-ments were paid. ‘‘(8) For the period covered by such re-port— ‘‘(A) an explanation for the discrepancies, if any, between Department post-operation assessments of civilian casualties in connec-tion with military operations covered by such report and credible reports of intergov-ernmental and non-governmental organiza-tions on such casualties, set forth in general and in connection with each military oper-ation covered by such report; ‘‘(B) a description of the manner in which the reliability and accuracy of assessments and reports described in subparagraph (A) were assessed, and the standards used in as-sessing such reliability and accuracy; ‘‘(C) a description of the manner in which discrepancies between such assessments and reports were addressed, and the standards used in addressing such discrepancies; and ‘‘(D) a description of each case in which such an assessment was updated based on new information. ‘‘(9) Any update or modification to a pre-vious report under this section that the Sec-retary considers appropriate in order to en-sure that the information on civilian casual-ties in connection with United States mili-tary operations provided by reports under this section is fully complete and accurate.’’. At the end of section 1046, add the fol-lowing: (c) REPORT ON STAFF AND OTHER RE-
SOURCES FOR FOLLOWING CIVILIAN CASUALTIES  
INCONNECTION WITHMILITARY OPERATIONS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall, acting through the official of the Department of Defense whose responsibility is to develop, coordinate, and oversee com-pliance with the policy of the Department relating to civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations, submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth recommendations for mechanisms to provide appropriate staff and other resources for the assessment, inves-tigation, and tracking by the Department of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations. 
SA 2390. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. COMPLIANCE WITH DFARS RESTRIC-TIONS ON CONTRACTOR USE OF MANDATORY ARBITRATION AGREE-MENTS. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the congressional defense committees on steps the Department of Defense has taken to en-sure compliance with the provisions of sub-part 222.74 of the Defense Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation Supplement, which provides restrictions on the use of mandatory arbitra-tion agreements. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of steps taken to ensure that the Department does not award con-tracts in excess of $1,000,000 to contractors that require as a condition of employment that employees enter an agreement to re-solve certain claims and torts through arbi-tration; and (2) a description of the extent to which the Secretary of Defense has waived the require-ments of subpart 222.74. 
SA 2391. Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PILOT EXTENSIONS AND REPORTING COMPLIANCE; PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (cc), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (2) in subsection (gg)(7), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (3) in subsection (jj)(7), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (4) in subsection (mm)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (ii) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (J), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) funding for improvements that in-crease commonality across data systems, re-duce redundancy, and improve data over-sight and accuracy.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) SBIR 
AND STTR PROGRAMS ; FAST PRO -
GRAM .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘covered Federal agency’ means a Fed-eral agency that— ‘‘(i) is required to conduct an SBIR pro-gram; and ‘‘(ii) elects to use the funds allocated to the SBIR program of the Federal agency for the purposes described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each covered Federal agency shall transfer an amount equal to 15 percent of the funds that are used for the purposes described in paragraph (1) to the Administration— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.055 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3310 June 7, 2018 
‘‘(i) for the Regional SBIR State Collabo-rative Initiative Pilot Program established under subsection (tt); ‘‘(ii) for the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program established under sec-tion 34; and ‘‘(iii) to support the Office of the Adminis-tration that administers the SBIR program and the STTR program, subject to agree-ment from other agencies about how the funds will be used, in carrying out those pro-grams and the programs described in clauses (i) and (ii). ‘‘(8) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Of amounts provided to the Administration under paragraph (7), not less than $5,000,000 shall be used to provide awards under the Regional SBIR State Col-laborative Initiative Pilot Program estab-lished under subsection (tt) for each fiscal year in which the program is in effect. ‘‘(B) D
ISBURSEMENT FLEXIBILITY .—The Ad- ministration may use any unused funds made available under subparagraph (A) as of April 1 of each fiscal year for awards to carry out clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (7)(B) after providing written notice to— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(tt) R
EGIONAL SBIR S TATE COLLABO -
RATIVE INITIATIVE PILOT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a research institution; and ‘‘(ii) a small business concern; ‘‘(B) the term ‘eligible State’ means— ‘‘(i) a State that the Administrator deter-mines is in the bottom half of States, based on the average number of annual SBIR pro-gram awards made to companies in the State for the preceding 3 years for which the Ad-ministration has applicable data; and ‘‘(ii) an EPSCoR State that— ‘‘(I) is a State described in clause (i); or ‘‘(II) is— ‘‘(aa) not a State described in clause (i); and ‘‘(bb) invited to participate in a regional collaborative; ‘‘(C) the term ‘EPSCoR State’ means a State that participates in the Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research of the National Science Foundation, as es-tablished under section 113 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 1862g); ‘‘(D) the term ‘FAST program’ means the Federal and State Technology Partnership Program established under section 34; ‘‘(E) the term ‘pilot program’ means the Regional SBIR State Collaborative Initiative Pilot Program established under paragraph (2); ‘‘(F) the term ‘regional collaborative’ means a collaborative consisting of eligible entities that are located in not less than 3 el-igible States; and ‘‘(G) the term ‘State’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a pilot program, to be known as the Regional SBIR State Collaborative Initiative Pilot Program, under which the Administrator shall provide awards to re-gional collaboratives to address the needs of small business concerns in order to— ‘‘(A) be more competitive in the proposal and selection process for awards under the SBIR program and the STTR program; and ‘‘(B) increase technology transfer and com-mercialization. ‘‘(3) GOALS .—The goals of the pilot pro-gram are— ‘‘(A) to create regional collaboratives that allow eligible entities to work cooperatively to leverage resources to address the needs of small business concerns; ‘‘(B) to grow SBIR program and STTR pro-gram cooperative research and development and commercialization through increased awards under those programs; ‘‘(C) to increase the participation of States that have historically received a lower level of awards under the SBIR program and the STTR program; ‘‘(D) to utilize the strengths and advan-tages of regional collaboratives to better le-verage resources, best practices, and econo-mies of scale in a region for the purpose of increasing awards and increasing the com-mercialization of the SBIR program and STTR projects; ‘‘(E) to increase the competitiveness of the SBIR program and the STTR program; ‘‘(F) to identify sources of outside funding for applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program, including venture capitalists, angel investor groups, private industry, crowd funding, and special loan programs; and ‘‘(G) to offer increased one-on-one engage-ments with companies and entrepreneurs for SBIR program and STTR program education, assistance, and successful outcomes. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A regional collaborative that desires to participate in the pilot pro-gram shall submit to the Administrator an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Ad-ministrator may require. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF LEAD ELIGIBLE ENTITIES  
AND COORDINATOR .—A regional collaborative shall include in an application submitted under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) the name of each lead eligible entity from each eligible State in the regional col-laborative, as designated under paragraph (5)(A); and ‘‘(ii) the name of the coordinator for the regional collaborative, as designated under paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) A
VOIDANCE OF DUPLICATION .—A re- gional collaborative shall include in an ap-plication submitted under subparagraph (A) an explanation regarding how the activities of the regional collaborative under the pilot program would differ from other State and Federal outreach activities in each eligible State in the regional collaborative. ‘‘(5) L
EAD ELIGIBLE ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each eligible State in a regional collaborative shall designate 1 eligi-ble entity located in the eligible State to serve as the lead eligible entity for the eligi-ble State. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION BY GOVERNOR .—Each lead eligible entity designated under sub-paragraph (A) shall be authorized to act as the lead eligible entity by the Governor of the applicable eligible State. ‘‘(C) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Each lead eligible entity designated under subparagraph (A) shall be responsible for administering the ac-tivities and program initiatives described in paragraph (7) in the applicable eligible State. ‘‘(6) R
EGIONAL COLLABORATIVE COORDI -
NATOR .—Each regional collaborative shall designate a coordinator from amongst the el-igible entities located in the eligible States in the regional collaborative, who shall serve as the interface between the regional col-laborative and the Administration with re-spect to measuring cross-State collaboration and program effectiveness and documenting best practices. ‘‘(7) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Each regional collabo-rative that is provided an award under the pilot program may, in each eligible State in which an eligible entity of the regional col-laborative is located— ‘‘(A) establish an initiative under which first-time applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program are re-viewed by experienced, national experts in the United States, as determined by the lead eligible entity designated under paragraph (5)(A); ‘‘(B) engage national mentors on a fre-quent basis to work directly with applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program, particularly during Phase II, to assist with the process of preparing and submitting a proposal; ‘‘(C) create and make available an online mechanism to serve as a resource for appli-cants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program to identify and con-nect with Federal labs, prime government contractor companies, other industry part-ners, and regional industry cluster organiza-tions; ‘‘(D) conduct focused and concentrated outreach efforts to increase participation in the SBIR program and the STTR program by small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women, small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged in-dividuals (as defined in section 8(d)(3)(C)), and historically Black colleges and univer-sities; ‘‘(E) administer a structured program of training and technical assistance— ‘‘(i) to prepare applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR pro-gram— ‘‘(I) to compete more effectively for Phase I and Phase II awards; and ‘‘(II) to develop and implement a successful commercialization plan; ‘‘(ii) to assist eligible States focusing on transition and commercialization to win Phase III awards from public and private partners; ‘‘(iii) to create more competitive proposals to increase awards from all Federal sources, with a focus on awards under the SBIR pro-gram and the STTR program; and ‘‘(iv) to assist first-time applicants by pro-viding small grants for proof of concept re-search; and ‘‘(F) assist applicants for an award under the SBIR program or the STTR program to identify sources of outside funding, including venture capitalists, angel investor groups, private industry, crowd funding, and special loan programs. ‘‘(8) AWARD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall provide an award to each eligible State in which an eligible entity of a regional col-laborative is located in an amount that is not more than $300,000 to carry out the ac-tivities described in paragraph (7). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An eligible State may not receive an award under both the FAST program and the pilot program for the same year. ‘‘(ii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in clause (i) may be construed to prevent an eli-gible State from applying for an award under the FAST program and the pilot program for the same year. ‘‘(9) D
URATION OF AWARD .—An award pro-vided under the pilot program— ‘‘(A) shall be for a period of not more than 1 year; and ‘‘(B) may be renewed by the Administrator for 1 additional year if the Administrator provides only 1 such renewal with respect to that award. ‘‘(10) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate on September 30, 2019, except that an entity that receives a 1-year renewal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.057 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3311 June 7, 2018 
under paragraph (9)(B) before that date may continue to use the amounts with respect to that renewal at any time during that 1-year period. ‘‘(11) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 30, 2019, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Represent-atives a report on the pilot program, which shall include— ‘‘(A) details regarding the recipient of each award provided under the pilot program, in-cluding the amount of each award, the num-ber of small business concerns that received assistance from the award amounts, and the manner in which the award was used to meet the goals described in paragraph (3); ‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, an assess-ment of the best practices of the pilot pro-gram, including an analysis of how the pilot program compares to the FAST program and a single-State approach; and ‘‘(C) recommendations regarding whether any aspect of the pilot program should be ex-tended or made permanent. ‘‘(uu) O
UTSTANDING REPORTS AND EVALUA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 30, 2019, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate, the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives— ‘‘(A) each report, evaluation, or analysis, as applicable, described in subsection (b)(7), (g)(9), (o)(10), (y)(6)(C), (gg)(6), (jj)(6), and (mm)(6); and ‘‘(B) metrics regarding, and an evaluation of, the authority provided to the National Institutes of Health, the Department of De-fense, and the Department of Education under subsection (cc). ‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the head of each agency that is responsible for carrying out a provision described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) shall submit to the Ad-ministrator any information that is nec-essary for the Administrator to carry out the responsibilities of the Administrator under that paragraph.’’. 
SA 2392. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW OF EFFECT OF OTHER-THAN-HONORABLE DIS-CHARGES ON VETERAN EMPLOY-MENT OUTCOMES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Labor, com-plete a review of the effect of discharges and releases from service in the active military, naval, or air service under conditions other than honorable on employment outcomes for veterans who were so discharged or released. (b) ELEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the effect of a dis-charge or release described in subsection (a) on a veteran’s employment outcomes. (2) Development of recommendations for legislative or administrative action to re-duce the negative effect of such a discharge or release on employment outcomes, includ-ing potential educational campaigns. (3) An assessment of agency outreach or other relevant efforts to inform veterans of their ability to seek a change to their char-acter of discharge through a discharge re-view board. (4) An assessment of the progress of the Secretary of Defense in implementing the recommendations of the Comptroller Gen-eral published in the Government Account-ability Office report GAO–17–260 in May of 2017 on actions needed to ensure post-trau-matic stress disorder and traumatic brain in-jury are considered in misconduct separa-tions. (5) A review and development of rec-ommended areas for improvement in the im-plementation by the Department of Defense of its August 25, 2017, clarifying guidance to Military Discharge Review Boards and Board for Correction of Military/Naval Records re-lated to mental health conditions, sexual as-sault, or sexual harassment. Such review shall include identifying statistics on the number of upgrades and discharge reliefs re-quested and granted and the average time-frame for review of such requests. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Comptroller General completes the review required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the re-view. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘active military, naval, or air service’’, ‘‘dis-charge or release’’, and ‘‘veteran’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 2393. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REVIEW OF TAP FOR WOMEN. 
The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a comprehensive review of the Transition As-sistance Program to ensure that it addresses the unique challenges and needs of women as they transfer from the Armed Forces to ci-vilian life. 
SA 2394. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. ELIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF BOTH RETIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DIS-ABILITY COMPENSATION FOR CER-TAIN MILITARY RETIREES WITH COMPENSABLE SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF CONCURRENT RECEIPT AU-
THORITY TO RETIREES WITH SERVICE -CON-
NECTED DISABILITIES RATED LESS THAN 50 P
ERCENT .—Section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking para-graph (2) of subsection (a). (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of section 1414 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1414. Members eligible for retired pay who are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: concurrent payment of re-tired pay and disability compensation’’. (2) The item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘1414. Members eligible for retired pay who are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: con-current payment of retired pay and disability compensation.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SEC. 623. COORDINATION OF SERVICE ELIGI-BILITY FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPE-CIAL COMPENSATION AND CONCUR-RENT RECEIPT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TOSTANDARDIZE SIMILAR  P
ROVISIONS .— (1) Q
UALIFIED RETIREES .—Subsection (a) of section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 622(a), is further amended— (A) by striking ‘‘a member or’’ and all that follows through ‘‘retiree’)’’ and inserting ‘‘a qualified retiree’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED RETIREES .—For purposes of this section, a qualified retiree, with respect to any month, is a member or former mem-ber of the uniformed services who— ‘‘(A) is entitled to retired pay (other than by reason of section 12731b of this title); and ‘‘(B) is also entitled for that month to vet-erans’ disability compensation.’’. (2) D
ISABILITY RETIREES .—Paragraph (2) of subsection (b) of section 1414 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETIREES WITH  
FEWER THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE .—The re- tired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to re-duction by the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the amount of the reduction under sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or ‘‘(B) the amount (if any) by which the amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to 2
1⁄2 percent of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SA 2395. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.057 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3312 June 7, 2018 
for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. STANDARDIZATION OF APPLICABILITY OF SPECIAL RULES FOR CHAPTER 61 DISABILITY RETIREES IN CONNEC-TION WITH CONCURRENT RECEIPT OF RETIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DISABILITY COMPENSATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 1414(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) D
ISABILITY RETIREES WITH LESS THAN 20  
YEARS OF SERVICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the retired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to reduction by the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the amount of the reduction under sec-tions 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or ‘‘(ii) the amount (if any) by which the amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to the retired pay percentage (determined for the member under section 1409(b) of this title) of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member. ‘‘(B) P
HASED -IN APPLICABILITY .—Subpara- graph (A) shall apply to qualified retirees as follows: ‘‘(i) In the case of qualified retirees with a disability rated as 100 percent, or who are compensated at an equivalent rate due to in-dividual unemployability, for months begin-ning on or after October 1, 2018. ‘‘(ii) In the case of qualified retirees with a disability rated at least 90 percent but less than 100 percent, for months beginning on or after October 1, 2019. ‘‘(iii) In the case of qualified retirees with a disability rated at least 80 percent but less than 90 percent, for months beginning on or after October 1, 2020. ‘‘(iv) In the case of qualified retirees with a disability rated at least 70 percent but less than 80 percent, for months beginning on or after October 1, 2021. ‘‘(v) In the case of qualified retirees with a disability rated at least 60 percent but less than 70 percent, for months beginning on or after October 1, 2022. ‘‘(vi) In the case of qualified retirees with a disability rated at least 50 percent but less than 60 percent, for months beginning on or after October 1, 2023.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2018. 
SA 2396. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title V, add the following: SEC. 537. IMPROVEMENT OF CERTAIN LEAVE FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES IN CONNECTION WITH CHILDBIRTH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (i) of section 701 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by striking paragraph (5); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (10) as paragraphs (5) through (9), respec-tively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection (j)(4) of such section is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (6) through (10)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5) through (9)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘paragraph (9)(B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (8)(B)’’. 
SA 2397. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 7ll. EXPOSURE TO OPEN BURN PITS AND TOXIC AIRBORNE CHEMICALS AS PART OF PERIODIC HEALTH ASSESS-MENTS AND OTHER PHYSICAL EX-AMINATIONS. 
(a) P ERIODIC HEALTH ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that any periodic health assessment provided to mem-bers of the Armed Forces includes an evalua-tion of whether the member has been— (1) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit was used; or (2) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, in-cluding any information recorded as part of the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. (b) S
EPARATION HISTORY AND PHYSICAL EX-
AMINATIONS .—Section 1145(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Secretary concerned shall ensure that each physical examination of a member under subparagraph (A) includes an assess-ment of whether the member was— ‘‘(i) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit, as defined in subsection (c) of section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note), was used; or ‘‘(ii) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, including any information recorded as part of the registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under such section 201.’’. (c) D
EPLOYMENT ASSESSMENTS .—Section 1074f(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) An assessment of whether the member was— ‘‘(i) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit, as defined in subsection (c) of section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note), was used; or ‘‘(ii) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, including any information recorded as part of the registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under such section 201.’’. (d) S
HARING OF INFORMATION .— (1) DOD–VA.—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly enter into a memorandum of under-standing providing for the sharing by the De-partment of Defense with the Department of Veterans Affairs of the results of covered evaluations regarding the exposure by a member of the Armed Forces to toxic air-borne chemicals. (2) REGISTRY .—If a covered evaluation of a member of the Armed Forces establishes that the member was based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit was used, or the member was exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, the member shall be enrolled in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry, unless the member elects to not so enroll. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry’’ means the registry es-tablished by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). (2) The term ‘‘covered evaluation’’ means— (A) a periodic health assessment conducted in accordance with subsection (a); (B) a separation history and physical ex-amination conducted under section 1145(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section; and (C) a deployment assessment conducted under section 1074f(b)(2) of such title, as amended by this section. (3) The term ‘‘open burn pit’’ has the meaning given that term in section 201(c) of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). 
SA 2398. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10llll. NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRIT-ICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) in accordance with Executive Order 13806 (82 Fed. Reg. 34597 (July 26, 2017)), while a healthy manufacturing and defense indus-trial base and resilient supply chains are es-sential to the economic strength and na-tional security of the United States, modern supply chains are often long and the ability of the United States to manufacture or ob-tain goods critical to the national security of the United States could be hampered by an inability to obtain various essential com-ponents that may not be directly related to national security; (2) in accordance with Executive Order 13817 (82 Fed. Reg. 60835 (December 26, 2017)), the United States is heavily reliant on im-ports of certain mineral commodities that are vital to the security and economic pros-perity of the United States; (3) the dependency of the United States on foreign sources of certain mineral commod-ities creates a strategic vulnerability for the economy and the military to adverse foreign government actions, natural disasters, and other events that could disrupt the supply of key minerals; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.058 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3313 June 7, 2018 
(4) increased private-sector domestic explo-ration, production, recycling, and reprocess-ing of critical minerals and support for ef-forts to identify more commonly available technological alternatives to critical min-erals would— (A) reduce the dependence of the United States on imports of critical minerals; (B) preserve the leadership of the United States in technological innovation; (C) support job creation; (D) improve the national security and bal-ance of trade of the United States; and (E) enhance the technological superiority and readiness of the Armed Forces, which are among the most significant consumers of critical minerals in the United States; (5) the industrialization of developing na-tions has driven demand for nonfuel minerals necessary for telecommunications, military technologies, healthcare technologies, and conventional and renewable energy tech-nologies; (6) the availability of minerals and mineral materials are essential for economic growth, national security, technological innovation, and the manufacturing and agricultural sup-ply chain; (7) minerals and mineral materials are critical components of every transportation, water, telecommunications, and energy in-frastructure project necessary to modernize the crumbling infrastructure of the United States; (8) the exploration, production, processing, use, and recycling of minerals contribute sig-nificantly to the economic well-being, secu-rity, and general welfare of the United States; and (9) the United States has vast mineral re-sources but is becoming increasingly depend-ent on foreign sources of mineral resources, as demonstrated by the fact that— (A) 25 years ago, the United States was de-pendent on foreign sources for 45 nonfuel mineral materials, of which— (i) 8 were imported by the United States to fulfill 100 percent of the requirements of the United States for those nonfuel mineral ma-terials; and (ii) 19 were imported by the United States to fulfill greater than 50 percent of the re-quirements of the United States for those nonfuel mineral materials; (B) by 2015 the import dependence of the United States for nonfuel mineral materials increased from dependence on the import of 45 nonfuel mineral materials to dependence on the import of 47 nonfuel mineral mate-rials, of which— (i) 19 were imported by the United States to fulfill 100 percent of the requirements of the United States for those nonfuel mineral materials; and (ii) 22 were imported by the United States to fulfill greater than 50 percent of the re-quirements of the United States for those nonfuel mineral materials; (C) according to the Department of Energy, the United States imports greater than 50 percent of the 41 metals and minerals key to clean energy applications; (D) the United States share of worldwide mineral exploration dollars was 7 percent in 2015, down from 19 percent in the early 1990s; (E) the 2014 Ranking of Countries for Min-ing Investment, which ranks 25 major min-ing countries, found that 7- to 10-year per-mitting delays are the most significant risk to mining projects in the United States; and (F) in late 2016, the Government Account-ability Office found that— (i) ‘‘the Federal government’s approach to addressing critical materials supply issues has not been consistent with selected key practices for interagency collaboration, such as ensuring that agencies’ roles and respon-sibilities are clearly defined’’; and (ii) ‘‘the Federal critical materials ap-proach faces other limitations, including data limitations and a focus on only a subset of critical materials, a limited focus on do-mestic production of critical materials, and limited engagement with industry’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ means— (A) any agency, department, or other unit of Federal, State, local, or tribal govern-ment; or (B) an Alaska Native Corporation. (2) A
LASKA NATIVE CORPORATION .—The term ‘‘Alaska Native Corporation’’ has the mean-ing given the term ‘‘Native Corporation’’ in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1602). (3) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘‘lead agency’’ means the agency with primary responsi-bility for issuing a mineral exploration or mine permit for a project. (4) M
INERAL EXPLORATION OR MINE PER -
MIT.—The term ‘‘mineral exploration or mine permit’’ includes— (A) an authorization of the Bureau of Land Management or the Forest Service, as appli-cable, for premining activities that requires an environmental impact statement or simi-lar analysis under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (B) a plan of operations issued by— (i) the Bureau of Land Management under subpart 3809 of part 3800 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions); or (ii) the Forest Service under subpart A of part 228 of title 36, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or successor regulations); and (C) a permit issued under an authority de-scribed in section 3503.13 of title 43, Code of Federal regulations (or successor regula-tions). (5) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘‘project’’ means a project for which the issuance of a permit is required to conduct activities for, relating to, or incidental to mineral exploration, mining, beneficiation, processing, or rec-lamation activities— (A) on a mining claim, millsite claim, or tunnel site claim for any locatable mineral; or (B) in conjunction with any Federal min-eral (other than coal and oil shale) that is leased under— (i) the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands (30 U.S.C. 351 et seq.); or (ii) section 402 of Reorganization Plan Numbered 3 of 1946 (5 U.S.C. App.). (c) I
MPROVING DEVELOPMENT OF STRATEGIC  
ANDCRITICAL MINERALS .— (1) D
EFINITION OF STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL  
MINERALS .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘strategic and critical minerals’’ means minerals that are necessary— (A) for the national defense and national security requirements, including supply chain resiliency; (B) for the energy infrastructure of the United States, including— (i) pipelines; (ii) refining capacity; (iii) electrical power generation and trans-mission; and (iv) renewable energy production; (C) for community resiliency, coastal res-toration, and ecological sustainability for the coastal United States; (D) to support domestic manufacturing, ag-riculture, housing, telecommunications, healthcare, and transportation infrastruc-ture; or (E) for the economic security of, and bal-ance of trade in, the United States. (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN DOMESTIC  
MINES AS INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .—A do- mestic mine that, as determined by the lead agency, will provide strategic and critical minerals shall be considered to be an infra-structure project, as described in Executive Order 13807 (82 Fed. Reg. 40463 (August 24, 2017)). (d) RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE LEAD AGEN-
CY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall ap-point a project lead within the lead agency, who shall coordinate and consult with co-operating agencies and any other agencies involved in the permitting process, project proponents, and contractors to ensure that cooperating agencies and other agencies in-volved in the permitting process, project proponents, and contractors— (A) minimize delays; (B) set and adhere to timelines and sched-ules for completion of the permitting proc-ess; (C) set clear permitting goals; and (D) track progress against those goals. (2) D
ETERMINATION UNDER NEPA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To the extent that the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) applies to the issuance of any mineral exploration or mine permit, the requirements of that Act shall be consid-ered to have been procedurally and sub-stantively satisfied if the lead agency deter-mines that any State or Federal agency act-ing under State or Federal law has addressed or will address the following factors: (i) The environmental impact of the action to be conducted under the permit. (ii) Possible adverse environmental effects of actions under the permit. (iii) Possible alternatives to issuance of the permit. (iv) The relationship between long- and short-term uses of the local environment and the maintenance and enhancement of long- term productivity. (v) Any irreversible and irretrievable com-mitment of resources that would be involved in the proposed action. (vi) That public participation will occur during the decisionmaking process for au-thorizing actions under the permit. (B) W
RITTEN REQUIREMENT .—In making a determination under subparagraph (A), not later than 90 days after receipt of an applica-tion for the permit, the lead agency, in a written record of decision, shall— (i) explain the rationale used in reaching the determination; (ii) state the facts in the record that are the basis for the determination; and (iii) show that the facts in the record could allow a reasonable person to reach the same determination as the lead agency did. (3) C
OORDINATION ON PERMITTING PROCESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall en-hance government coordination for the per-mitting process by— (i) avoiding duplicative reviews; (ii) minimizing paperwork; and (iii) engaging other agencies and stake-holders early in the process. (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out sub-paragraph (A), the lead agency shall con-sider— (i) deferring to, and relying on, baseline data, analyses, and reviews performed by State agencies with jurisdiction over the proposed project; and (ii) to the maximum extent practicable, conducting any consultations or reviews con-currently rather than sequentially if the concurrent consultation or review would ex-pedite the process. (C) M
EMORANDUM OF AGENCY AGREEMENT .— If requested at any time by a State or local planning agency, the lead agency, in con-sultation with other Federal agencies with relevant jurisdiction in the environmental review process, may establish memoranda of agreement with the project sponsor, State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.056 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3314 June 7, 2018 
and local governments, and other appro-priate entities to accomplish the coordina-tion activities described in this paragraph. (4) S
CHEDULE FOR PERMITTING PROCESS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For any project for which the lead agency cannot make the determina-tion described in paragraph (2), at the re-quest of a project proponent, the lead agen-cy, cooperating agencies, and any other agencies involved with the mineral explo-ration or mine permitting process shall enter into an agreement with the project pro-ponent that sets time limits for each part of the permitting process, including— (i) the decision on whether to prepare an environmental impact statement or similar analysis required under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (ii) a determination of the scope of any en-vironmental impact statement or similar analysis required under the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (iii) the scope of, and schedule for, the baseline studies required to prepare an envi-ronmental impact statement or similar anal-ysis required under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (iv) preparation of any draft environmental impact statement or similar analysis re-quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (v) preparation of a final environmental impact statement or similar analysis re-quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (vi) any consultations required under ap-plicable law; (vii) submission and review of any com-ments required under applicable law; (viii) publication of any public notices re-quired under applicable law; and (ix) any final or interim decisions. (B) T
IME LIMIT FOR PERMITTING PROCESS .— Except if extended by mutual agreement of the project proponent and the lead agency, the time period for the total review process described in subparagraph (A) shall not ex-ceed 30 months. (5) L
IMITATION ON ADDRESSING PUBLIC COM -
MENTS .—The lead agency shall not be re-quired to address any agency or public com-ments that were not submitted— (A) during a public comment period or con-sultation period provided during the permit-ting process; or (B) as otherwise required by law. (6) F
INANCIAL ASSURANCE .—The lead agency shall determine the amount of financial as-surance required for reclamation of a min-eral exploration or mining site, on the condi-tion that the financial assurance shall cover the estimated cost if the lead agency were to contract with a third party to reclaim the operations according to the reclamation plan, including construction and mainte-nance costs for any treatment facilities nec-essary to meet Federal, State, or tribal envi-ronmental standards. (7) P
ROJECTS WITHIN NATIONAL FORESTS .— With respect to projects on National Forest System land, the lead agency shall— (A) exempt from the requirements of part 294 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations)— (i) all areas of identified mineral resources in land use designations, other than non-development land use designations, in exist-ence on the date of enactment of this Act; and (ii) all additional routes and areas that the lead agency determines necessary to facili-tate the construction, operation, mainte-nance, and restoration of an area described in clause (i); and (B) continue to apply the exemptions de-scribed in subparagraph (A) after the date on which approval of the minerals plan of oper-ations described in subsection (b)(4)(B)(ii) for the National Forest System land. (8) APPLICATION TO EXISTING PERMIT APPLI -
CATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—This subsection applies to a mineral exploration or mine permit for which an application was submitted before the date of enactment of this Act if the ap-plicant for the permit submits a written re-quest to the lead agency for the permit. (B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The lead agency shall begin implementing this subsection with respect to an application described in subparagraph (A) not later than 30 days after the date on which the lead agency receives the written request for the permit. (e) F
EDERAL REGISTER PROCESS FOR MIN-
ERAL EXPLORATION AND MINING PROJECTS .— (1) D
EPARTMENTAL REVIEW .—Absent any ex-traordinary circumstances, as determined by the Secretary of the Interior or the Sec-retary of Agriculture, as applicable, and ex-cept as otherwise required by law, the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Ag-riculture, as applicable, shall ensure that each Federal Register notice associated with the issuance of a mineral exploration or mine permit and required by law shall be— (A) subject to any required reviews within the Department of the Interior or the De-partment of Agriculture, as applicable; and (B) published in final form in the Federal Register not later than 45 days after the date of initial preparation of the notice. (2) P
REPARATION .—The preparation of any Federal Register notice described in para-graph (1) shall be delegated to the organiza-tional level within the lead agency. (3) T
RANSMISSION .—All Federal Register notices described in paragraph (1) regarding official document availability, announce-ments of meetings, or notices of intent to undertake an action shall originate in, and be transmitted to the Federal Register from, the office in which, as applicable— (A) the documents or meetings are held; or (B) the activity is initiated. (f) S
ECRETARIAL ORDER NOTAFFECTED .— This section shall not apply to any mineral described in Secretarial Order 3324, issued by the Secretary of the Interior on December 3, 2012, in any area to which the order applies. 
SA 2399. Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. C RAPO ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division A, add the following: TITLE XVIII—MISSING ARMED FORCES PERSONNEL RECORDS 
SEC. 1801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Bring Our Heroes Home Act’’. 
SEC. 1802. FINDINGS, DECLARATIONS, AND PUR-POSES. 
(a) F INDINGS AND DECLARATIONS .—Congress finds and declares the following: (1) A vast number of records relating to Missing Armed Forces Personnel have not been identified, located, or transferred to the National Archives for review and declas-sification. Only in the rarest cases is there any legitimate need for continued protection of records pertaining to Missing Armed Forces Personnel who have been missing for decades. (2) There has been insufficient priority placed on identifying, locating, transferring, reviewing, or declassifying records relating to Missing Armed Forces Personnel. (3) Mandates for declassification set forth in multiple Executive orders have been broadly written, loosely interpreted, and often ignored by Federal Government offi-cials in possession and control of records re-lated to Missing Armed Forces Personnel. (4) No individual or entity has been tasked with oversight of the identification, collec-tion, review, and declassification of records related to Missing Armed Forces Personnel. (5) The interest, desire, workforce, and funding of Federal agencies to assemble, re-view, and declassify records relating to Miss-ing Armed Forces Personnel have been lack-ing. (6) All records of the Federal Government relating to Missing Armed Forces Personnel should be preserved for historical and gov-ernmental purposes. (7) All records of the Federal Government relating Missing Armed Forces Personnel should carry a presumption of immediate disclosure, and all such records should be disclosed under this title to enable the full-est possible accounting for Missing Armed Forces Personnel. (8) Legislation is necessary to create an en-forceable, independent, and accountable process for the public disclosure of records relating to Missing Armed Forces Personnel. (9) Legislation is necessary because section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), as implemented by the executive branch of the Federal Government, has prevented the timely public disclosure of records relating to Missing Armed Forces Personnel. (b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this title are— (1) to provide for the creation of the Miss-ing Armed Forces Personnel Records Collec-tion at the National Archives; and (2) to require the expeditious public trans-mission to the Archivist and public disclo-sure of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records. 
SEC. 1803. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
RCHIVIST .—The term ‘‘Archivist’’ means Archivist of the United States. (2) C
OLLECTION .—The term ‘‘Collection’’ means the Missing Armed Forces Personnel Records Collection established under section 1804(a). (3) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Execu-tive agency’’— (A) means an agency, as defined in section 552(f) of title 5, United States Code; and (B) includes any Executive department, military department, Government corpora-tion, Government controlled corporation, or other establishment in the executive branch of the Federal Government, including the Executive Office of the President, any branch of the Armed Forces, and any inde-pendent regulatory agency. (4) E
XECUTIVE BRANCH MISSING ARMED  
FORCES PERSONNEL RECORD .—The term ‘‘exec-utive branch Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel record’’ means a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record of an Executive agency, or information contained in such a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record ob-tained or developed solely within the execu-tive branch of the Federal Government. (5) G
OVERNMENT OFFICE .—The term ‘‘Gov-ernment office’’ means a department or agency within the executive branch of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.056 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3315 June 7, 2018 
Federal Government, the Library of Con-gress, and the National Archives. (6) I
DENTIFICATION AID .—The term ‘‘identi-fication aid’’ means the standard form pre-pared under section 1805(d)(1)(A). (7) M
ISSING ARMED FORCES PERSONNEL .— The term ‘‘Missing Armed Forces Personnel’’ means one or more ‘‘missing persons’’ as de-fined in section 1513 of title 10, United States Code. (8) M
ISSING ARMED FORCES PERSONNEL  
RECORD .—The term ‘‘Missing Armed Forces Personnel record’’ means a record that re-lates, directly or indirectly, to the loss, fate, or status of Missing Armed Forces Personnel that was created or made available for use by, obtained by, or otherwise came into the custody, possession, or control of— (A) any Government office; (B) any Presidential library; or (C) any of the Armed Forces. (9) N
ATIONAL ARCHIVES .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Archives’’— (A) means the National Archives and Records Administration; and (B) includes— (i) any component of the National Archives and Records Administration; and (ii) a Presidential archival depository es-tablished under section 2112 of title 44, United States Code. (10) O
FFICIAL INVESTIGATION .—The term ‘‘official investigation’’ means a review, briefing, or hearing relating to Missing Armed Forces Personnel conducted by a Presidential commission, committee of Con-gress, or agency, regardless of whether it is conducted independently, at the request of any Presidential commission or committee of Congress, or at the request of any official of the Federal Government. (11) O
RIGINATING BODY .—The term ‘‘origi-nating body’’ means the Government office that created a record or particular informa-tion within a record. (12) P
UBLIC INTEREST .—The term ‘‘public interest’’ means the compelling interest in the prompt public disclosure of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records for histor-ical and governmental purposes and for the purpose of fully informing the people of the United States, most importantly families of Missing Armed Forces Personnel, about the fate of the Missing Armed Forces Personnel and the process by which the Federal Gov-ernment has sought to account for them. (13) R
ECORD .—The term ‘‘record’’ includes a book, paper, map, photograph, sound or video recording, machine readable material, computerized, digitized, or electronic infor-mation, regardless of the medium on which it is stored, and other documentary mate-rial, regardless of its physical form or char-acteristics. (14) R
EVIEW BOARD .—The term ‘‘Review Board’’ means the Missing Armed Forces Personnel Records Review Board established under section 1807. (15) T
HIRD AGENCY .—The term ‘‘third agen-cy’’ means a Government office that origi-nated a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record that is in the custody, possession, or control of another Government office whose review and authorization is required before a record can be designated for disclosure. 
SEC. 1804. MISSING ARMED FORCES PERSONNEL RECORDS COLLECTION AT THE NA-TIONAL ARCHIVES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF COLLECTION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the National Archives shall commence establishment of a collection of records to be known as the Missing Armed Forces Personnel Records Collection. (b) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Review Board shall promulgate rules to es-tablish guidelines and processes for the maintenance of the Collection. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—The rules required to be promulgated under paragraph (1) shall in-clude guidelines and processes for— (A) transmission of records for inclusion in the Collection; (B) disclosure of records contained in the Collection; (C) fees for copying of records contained in the Collection; and (D) availability and security of records contained in the Collection. 
SEC. 1805. REVIEW, IDENTIFICATION, TRANS-MISSION TO THE NATIONAL AR-CHIVES, AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF MISSING ARMED FORCES PER-SONNEL RECORDS BY GOVERNMENT OFFICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) P
REPARATION .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, and sufficiently in advance of the deadlines es-tablished under this title, each Government office shall— (A) identify, locate, and organize any Miss-ing Armed Forces Personnel records in the custody, possession, or control of the Gov-ernment office; and (B) prepare for transmission to the Archi-vist any Missing Armed Forces Personnel records that have not previously been trans-mitted to the Archivist by the Government office. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Each Government of-fice shall submit to the Archivist, under pen-alty of perjury, a certification indicating— (A) whether the Government office has conducted a thorough search for all Missing Armed Forces Personnel records in the cus-tody, possession, or control of the Govern-ment office; and (B) whether any Missing Armed Forces Personnel record has been withheld by the office, other than in accordance with this title. (3) P
RESERVATION .—No Missing Armed Forces Personnel record shall be destroyed, altered, or mutilated in any way. (4) E
FFECT OF PREVIOUS DISCLOSURE .—A Missing Armed Forces Personnel record made available or disclosed to the public be-fore the date of enactment of this Act may not be withheld, redacted, postponed for pub-lic disclosure, or reclassified. (5) N
ON-FEDERAL RECORDS .—Except for the exclusion of names or identities in accord-ance with section 1806, a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record created by an indi-vidual or entity that is not part of the Fed-eral Government may not be withheld, re-dacted, postponed for public disclosure, or reclassified. (6) W
ITHHELD RECORDS .—For any Missing Armed Forces Personnel record that is with-held by a Government office from the Archi-vist or the Review Board, the head of the Government office shall submit an unclassi-fied report to the Review Board and each ap-propriate committee of the Senate and the House of Representatives explaining the de-cision to withhold the record. (b) C
USTODY OF MISSING ARMED FORCES  P
ERSONNEL RECORDS PENDING REVIEW .—Dur- ing the period during which a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record is being reviewed by a Government office and any review activity by the Review Board relating to the Missing Armed Forces Personnel record is pending, the Government office shall retain custody of the Missing Armed Forces Personnel record for purposes of preservation, security, and efficiency, unless— (1) the Review Board requires the physical transfer of the Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel record for purposes of conducting an independent and impartial review; or (2) transfer is necessary for an administra-tive hearing or other Review Board function. (c) REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each Government office shall, in accordance with the rules promulgated under paragraph (2)— (A) identify, locate, review, and organize each Missing Armed Forces Personnel record in the custody, possession, or control of the Government office for transmission to the Archivist and disclosure to the public or, if needed, review by the Review Board; and (B) identify and review for public disclo-sure each Missing Armed Services Personnel record previously transferred to the National Archives that remains classified in whole or in part. (2) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Review Board shall promulgate rules for the disclosure of rel-evant records by Government offices under paragraph (1). (3) P
RESIDENTIAL ARCHIVAL DEPOSITORIES .— The Director of each Presidential archival depository established under section 2112 of title 44, United States Code, shall— (A) have as a priority the expedited review for public disclosure of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records in the custody, pos-session, or control of the depository; and (B) make Missing Armed Forces Personnel records available to the Review Board as re-quired under this title. (4) N
ATIONAL ARCHIVES RECORDS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Archivist shall— (A) locate and identify all Missing Armed Forces Personnel records in the custody, pos-session, or control of the National Archives that remain classified, in whole or in part; (B) notify a Government office if the Ar-chivist locates and identifies a record of the Government office under subparagraph (A); and (C) make each Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel record located and identified under subparagraph (A) available for review by the originating body. (d) I
DENTIFICATION AIDS.— (1) P
REPARATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Archivist, in consultation with the appro-priate Government offices, shall prepare and make available to all Government offices a standard form for collecting information re-lating to each Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel record subject to review under this title. (B) C
OMPATIBILITY .—The Archivist shall prepare and make available identification aids in a manner that results in a uniform and compatible system of electronic records for use by Government offices. (2) U
SE.—Upon completion of an identifica-tion aid, a Government office shall— (A) attach a printed copy to the record to which the identification aid relates; (B) transmit to the Review Board a printed copy of the identification aid; and (C) attach a printed copy to each Missing Armed Forces Personnel record described in the identification aid when the Missing Armed Forces Personnel record is trans-mitted to the Archivist. (3) R
ECORDS ALREADY PUBLIC .—A Missing Armed Forces Personnel record that is in the custody, possession, or control of the Na-tional Archives on the date of enactment of this Act, and that has been publicly avail-able in its entirety without redaction— (A) shall be made available in the Collec-tion without any additional review by the Review Board or another Government office under this title; and (B) shall not be required to have an identi-fication aid, unless required by the Archi-vist. (e) T
RANSMISSION TO THE NATIONAL AR-
CHIVES .—Each Government office shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.060 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3316 June 7, 2018 
(1) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, transmit to the Ar-chivist, and make available to the public, all Missing Armed Forces Personnel records in the custody, possession or control of the Government office that may be publicly dis-closed under the standards under this title, including those that are publicly available on the date of enactment of this Act, with-out any redaction, adjustment, or with-holding; and (2) transmit to the Archivist upon approval for postponement by the Review Board or upon completion of other action authorized by this title, all Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel records the public disclosure of which has been postponed, in whole or in part, under the standards under this title, to be-come part of the protected Collection. (f) C
USTODY OF POSTPONED MISSING ARMED  S
ERVICES PERSONNEL RECORDS .—A Missing Armed Forces Personnel record the public disclosure of which has been postponed under the standards under this title shall, pending transmission to the Archivist, be held for reasons of security and preservation by the originating body until such time as an infor-mation security program has been estab-lished at the National Archives. (g) P
ERIODIC REVIEW OF POSTPONED MISSING  A
RMED SERVICES PERSONNEL RECORDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—All Missing Armed Forces Personnel records, or information within a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, the public disclosure of which has been post-poned under the standards under this title shall be reviewed periodically by the origi-nating body and by the Archivist consistent with the recommendations of the Review Board under section 1809(c)(3)(B). (2) C
ONTENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A periodic review of a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, or information within a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, by the originating body shall address the public disclosure of the Missing Armed Forces Personnel record under the standards under this title. (B) C
ONTINUED POSTPONEMENT .—If an origi-nating body conducting a periodic review of a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, or information within a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, the public disclosure of which has been postponed under the stand-ards under this title determines that contin-ued postponement is required, the origi-nating body shall provide to the Archivist and publish in the Federal Register an un-classified written description of the reason for the continued postponement. (C) S
COPE.—The periodic review of post-poned Missing Armed Forces Personnel records, or information within a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, shall serve the purpose stated in section 1802(b)(2), to provide expeditious public disclosure of Miss-ing Armed Forces Personnel records, to the fullest extent possible, subject only to the grounds for postponement of disclosure under section 1806. (D) D
ISCLOSURE ABSENT CERTIFICATION BY  
PRESIDENT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, all Missing Armed Forces Personnel records, and infor-mation within a Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel record, shall be publicly disclosed in full, and available in the Collection, unless the President submits to the Archivist a cer-tification that— (i) continued postponement is necessary because of an identifiable harm to the mili-tary defense, intelligence operations, or con-duct of foreign relations; and (ii) the identifiable harm is of such gravity that it outweighs the public interest in dis-closure. (h) F
EES FOR COPYING .—An Executive agen-cy— (1) shall charge a fee for copying Missing Armed Forces Personnel records; and (2) may grant a waiver of such a fee in a manner in accordance with the standards es-tablished by the head of the Executive agen-cy for purposes of section 552(a)(4) of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 1806. GROUNDS FOR POSTPONEMENT OF PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF RECORDS. 
Disclosure to the public of a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record or particular information in a Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel record may be postponed subject to the limitations under this title if there is clear and convincing evidence that— (1) the threat to the military defense, in-telligence operations, or conduct of foreign relations of the United States posed by the public disclosure of the Missing Armed Forces Personnel record or information is of such gravity that it outweighs the public in-terest, and such public disclosure would re-veal— (A) an intelligence agent whose identity requires continued protection; (B) an intelligence source or method— (i) which is in use, or reasonably expected to be used, by the Federal Government; (ii) which has not been officially disclosed; and (iii) the disclosure of which would interfere with the conduct of intelligence activities; or (C) any other matter relating to the cur-rent military defense, intelligence oper-ations, or conduct of foreign relations of the United States, the disclosure of which would demonstrably impair the national security of the United States; (2) the public disclosure of the Missing Armed Forces Personnel record would reveal the name or identity of a living person who provided confidential information to the United States and would pose a substantial risk of harm to that person; or (3) the public disclosure of the Missing Armed Forces Personnel record could reason-ably be expected to constitute an unwar-ranted invasion of personal privacy, and that invasion of privacy is so substantial that it outweighs the public interest. 
SEC. 1807. ESTABLISHMENT AND POWERS OF THE MISSING ARMED FORCES PER-SONNEL RECORDS REVIEW BOARD. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established as an independent establishment in the exec-utive branch a board to be known as the Missing Armed Forces Personnel Records Re-view Board. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) A
PPOINTMENTS .—The President shall ap-point, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, 5 individuals to serve as a mem-ber of the Review Board to ensure and facili-tate the review, transmission to the Archi-vist, and public disclosure of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The President shall appoint individuals to serve as members of the Review Board— (A) without regard to political affiliation; (B) who are citizens of the United States of integrity and impartiality; (C) who have high national professional reputation in their fields who are capable of exercising the independent and objective judgment necessary to the fulfillment of their role in ensuring and facilitating the identification, location, review, transmission to the Archivist, and public disclosure of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records; (D) who possess an appreciation of the value of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records to scholars, the Federal Government, and the public, particularly families of Miss-ing Armed Forces Personnel; (E) not less than one professional histo-rian; and (F) not less than one attorney. (3) DEADLINES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the President shall submit nominations for all members of the Review Board. (B) C
ONFIRMATION REJECTED .—If the Senate votes not to confirm a nomination to serve as a member of the Review Board, not later than 90 days after the date of the vote the President shall submit the nomination of an additional individual to serve as a member of the Review Board. (4) C
ONSULTATION .—The President shall make nominations to the Review Board after considering individuals recommended by the American Historical Association, the Organi-zation of American Historians, the Society of American Archivists, the American Bar Association, veterans’ organizations, and or-ganizations representing families of Missing Armed Forces Personnel. (c) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—The appro-priate departments, agencies, and elements of the executive branch of the Federal Gov-ernment shall cooperate to ensure that an application by an individual nominated to be a member of the Review Board, seeking secu-rity clearances necessary to carry out the duties of the Review Board, is expeditiously reviewed and granted or denied. (d) C
ONFIRMATION .— (1) H
EARINGS .—Not later 30 days on which the Senate is in session after the date on which not less than 3 individuals have been nominated to serve as members of the Re-view Board, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate shall hold confirmation hearings on the nominations. (2) C
OMMITTEE VOTE .—Not later than 14 days on which the Senate is in session after the date on which the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs holds a confirmation hearing on the nomina-tion of an individual to serve as a member of the Review Board, the committee shall vote on the nomination and report the results to the full Senate immediately. (3) S
ENATE VOTE .—Not later than 14 days on which the Senate is in session after the date on which the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs reports the results of a vote on a nomination of an individual to serve as a member of the Re-view Board, the Senate shall vote on the con-firmation of the nominee. (e) V
ACANCY .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a vacancy on the Review Board occurs, the vacancy shall be filled in the same manner as specified for original ap-pointment. (f) C
HAIRPERSON .—The members of the Re-view Board shall elect a member as Chair-person at the initial meeting of the Review Board. (g) R
EMOVAL OF REVIEW BOARD MEMBER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Review Board shall not be removed from office, other than— (A) by impeachment by Congress; or (B) by the action of the President for inef-ficiency, neglect of duty, malfeasance in of-fice, physical disability, mental incapacity, or any other condition that substantially impairs the performance of the member’s du-ties. (2) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Review Board removed from office may obtain judi-cial review of the removal in a civil action commenced in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. (B) R
ELIEF .—The member may be rein-stated or granted other appropriate relief by order of the court. (h) C
OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— (1) B
ASIC PAY .—A member of the Review Board shall be compensated at a rate equal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.060 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3317 June 7, 2018 
to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Exec-utive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is en-gaged in the performance of the duties of the Review Board. (2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Review Board shall be allowed reasonable travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates for employees of agen-cies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the member’s home or regular place of business in the performance of services for the Review Board. (i) D
UTIES OF THE REVIEW BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board shall consider and render a decision on a deter-mination by a Government office to seek to postpone the disclosure of a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, in whole or in part. (2) R
ECORDS .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Review Board shall consider and render a decision regarding— (A) whether a record constitutes a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record; and (B) whether a Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel record, or particular information in a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, qualifies for postponement of disclosure under this title. (j) P
OWERS .—The Review Board shall have the authority to act in a manner prescribed under this title, including authority to— (1) direct Government offices to create identification aids and organize Missing Armed Forces Personnel records; (2) direct Government offices to transmit to the Archivist Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel records as required under this title, including segregable portions of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records and sub-stitutes and summaries of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records that can be pub-licly disclosed to the fullest extent; (3) obtain access to Missing Armed Forces Personnel records that have been identified and organized by a Government office; (4) direct a Government office to make available to the Review Board, and if nec-essary investigate the facts surrounding, ad-ditional information, records, or testimony from individuals, which the Review Board has reason to believe is required to fulfill its functions and responsibilities under this title; (5) hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, re-ceive such evidence, and administer such oaths as the Review Board considers advis-able to carry out its responsibilities under this title; (6) hold individuals in contempt for failure to comply with directives and mandates issued by the Review Board under this title, which shall not include the authority to im-prison or fine any individual; (7) require any Government office to ac-count in writing for the destruction of any records relating to the loss, fate, or status of Missing Armed Forces Personnel; and (8) receive information from the public re-garding the identification and public disclo-sure of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records. (k) W
ITNESS IMMUNITY .—The Review Board shall be considered to be an agency of the United States for purposes of section 6001 of title 18, United States Code. (l) O
VERSIGHT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives shall have— (A) continuing oversight jurisdiction with respect to the official conduct of the Review Board and the disposition of postponed records after termination of the Review Board; and (B) upon request, access to any records held or created by the Review Board. (2) DUTY OF REVIEW BOARD .—The Review Board shall have the duty to cooperate with the exercise of oversight jurisdiction under paragraph (1). (m) S
UPPORT SERVICES .—The Adminis-trator of the General Services Administra-tion shall provide administrative services for the Review Board on a reimbursable basis. (n) I
NTERPRETIVE REGULATIONS .—The Re- view Board may issue interpretive regula-tions. (o) T
ERMINATION AND WINDING UP.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Two years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Review Board shall, by majority vote, determine whether all Government offices have complied with the obligations, mandates, and directives under this title. (2) T
ERMINATION DATE .—The Review Board shall terminate on the date that is 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (3) R
EPORT .—Before the termination of the Review Board under paragraph (2), the Re-view Board shall submit to Congress reports, including a complete and accurate account-ing of expenditures during its existence, and shall complete all other reporting require-ments under this title. (4) R
ECORDS .—Upon termination of the Re-view Board, the Review Board shall transfer all records of the Review Board to the Archi-vist for inclusion in the Collection, and no record of the Review Board shall be de-stroyed. 
SEC. 1808. MISSING ARMED FORCES PERSONNEL RECORDS REVIEW BOARD PER-SONNEL. 
(a) E XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the initial meeting of the Review Board, the Review Board shall appoint an in-dividual to the position of Executive Direc-tor. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The individual ap-pointed as Executive Director of the Review Board— (A) shall be a citizen of the United States of integrity and impartiality; (B) shall be appointed without regard to political affiliation; and (C) shall not have any conflict of interest with the mission of the Review Board. (3) S
ECURITY CLEARANCE .— (A) L
IMIT ON APPOINTMENT .—The Review Board shall not appoint an individual as Ex-ecutive Director until after the date on which the individual qualifies for the nec-essary security clearance. (B) E
XPEDITED PROVISION .—The appropriate departments, agencies, and elements of the executive branch of the Federal Government shall cooperate to ensure that an application by an individual nominated to be Executive Director, seeking security clearances nec-essary to carry out the duties of the Execu-tive Director, is expeditiously reviewed and granted or denied. (4) D
UTIES .—The Executive Director shall— (A) serve as principal liaison to Govern-ment offices; (B) be responsible for the administration and coordination of the review of records by the Review Board; (C) be responsible for the administration of all official activities conducted by the Re-view Board; and (D) not have the authority to decide or de-termine whether any record should be dis-closed to the public or postponed for disclo-sure. (5) R
EMOVAL .—The Executive Director may be removed by a majority vote of the Review Board. (b) STAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board may, in accordance with the civil service laws, but without regard to civil service law and regu-lation for competitive service as defined in subchapter 1, chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, appoint and terminate addi-tional employees as are necessary to enable the Review Board and the Executive Director to perform their duties under this title. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—An individual ap-pointed to a position as an employee of the Review Board— (A) shall be a citizen of the United States of integrity and impartiality; and (B) shall not have had any previous in-volvement with any official investigation or inquiry relating to the loss, fate, or status of Missing Armed Forces Personnel. (3) S
ECURITY CLEARANCE .— (A) L
IMIT ON APPOINTMENT .—The Review Board shall not appoint an individual as an employee of the Review Board until after the date on which the individual qualifies for the necessary security clearance. (B) E
XPEDITED PROVISION .—The appropriate departments, agencies, and elements of the executive branch of the Federal Government shall cooperate to ensure that an application by an individual who is a candidate for a po-sition with the Review Board, seeking secu-rity clearances necessary to carry out the duties of the position, is expeditiously re-viewed and granted or denied. (c) C
OMPENSATION .—The Review Board shall fix the compensation of the Executive Director and other employees of the Review Board without regard to chapter 51 and sub-chapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classification of po-sitions and General Schedule pay rates, ex-cept that the rate of pay for the Executive Director and other employees may not ex-ceed the rate payable for level V of the Exec-utive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (d) A
DVISORY COMMITTEES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board may create one or more advisory committees to assist in fulfilling the responsibilities of the Review Board under this title. (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF FACA .—Any advisory committee created by the Review Board shall be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 1809. REVIEW OF RECORDS BY THE MISSING ARMED FORCES PERSONNEL RECORDS REVIEW BOARD. 
(a) C USTODY OF RECORDS REVIEWED BY RE-
VIEW BOARD .—Pending the outcome of the re-view activity of the Review Board, a Govern-ment office shall retain a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record in the custody, pos-session or control of the Government office for purposes of preservation, security, and ef-ficiency, unless— (1) the Review Board requires the physical transfer of records for reasons of conducting an independent and impartial review; or (2) such transfer is necessary for an admin-istrative hearing or other official function of the Review Board. (b) S
TARTUP REQUIREMENTS .—The Review Board shall— (1) not later than 90 days after the date on which all members are appointed, publish a schedule for review of all Missing Armed Forces Personnel records in the Federal Reg-ister; and (2) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, begin reviewing of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records under this title. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF THE REVIEW BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board shall direct that all records that relate, directly or indirectly, to the loss, fate, or status of Missing Armed Forces Personnel be trans-mitted to the Archivist and disclosed to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.060 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3318 June 7, 2018 
public in the Collection in the absence of clear and convincing evidence that— (A) the record is not a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record; or (B) the Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, or particular information within the Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, qualifies for postponement of public disclo-sure under this title. (2) P
OSTPONEMENT .—In approving postpone-ment of public disclosure of a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, or information within a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, the Review Board shall seek to— (A) provide for the disclosure of segregable parts, substitutes, or summaries of the Miss-ing Armed Forces Personnel record; and (B) determine, in consultation with the originating body and consistent with the standards for postponement under this title, which of the following alternative forms of disclosure shall be made by the originating body: (i) Any reasonably segregable particular information in a Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel record. (ii) A substitute record for that informa-tion which is postponed. (iii) A summary of a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record. (3) R
EPORTING .—With respect to a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, or informa-tion within a Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel record, the public disclosure of which is postponed under this title, or for which only substitutions or summaries have been disclosed to the public, the Review Board shall create and transmit to the Archivist a report containing— (A) a description of actions by the Review Board, the originating body, or any Govern-ment office (including a justification of any such action to postpone disclosure of any record or part of any record) and of any offi-cial proceedings conducted by the Review Board; and (B) a statement, based on a review of the proceedings and in conformity with the deci-sions reflected therein, designating a rec-ommended specified time at which, or a spec-ified occurrence following which, the mate-rial may be appropriately disclosed to the public under this title, which the Review Board shall disclose to the public with notice thereof, reasonably calculated to make in-terested members of the public aware of the existence of the statement. (4) A
CTIONS AFTER DETERMINATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 14 days after the date of a determination by the Re-view Board that a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record shall be publicly disclosed in the Collection or postponed for disclosure and held in the protected Collection, the Re-view Board shall notify the head of the origi-nating body of the determination and pub-lish a copy of the determination in the Fed-eral Register. (B) O
VERSIGHT NOTICE .—Simultaneous with notice under subparagraph (A), the Review Board shall provide notice of a determina-tion concerning the public disclosure or post-ponement of disclosure of a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, or information con-tained within a Missing Armed Forces Per-sonnel record, which shall include a written unclassified justification for public disclo-sure or postponement of disclosure, includ-ing an explanation of the application of any standards in section 1806 to the President, to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives (5) R
EFERRAL AFTER TERMINATION .—A Miss- ing Armed Forces Personnel record that is identified, located, or otherwise discovered after the date on which the Review Board terminates shall be referred to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives for review, ongoing oversight and, as warranted, referral for pos-sible enforcement action relating to a viola-tion of this title. (d) NOTICE TO PUBLIC .—Every 30 days, be-ginning on the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Review Board first ap-proves the postponement of disclosure of a Missing Armed Forces Personnel record, the Review Board shall publish in the Federal Register a notice that summarizes the post-ponements approved by the Review Board, including a description of the subject, origi-nating body, length or other physical de-scription, and each ground for postponement that is relied upon. (e) R
EPORTS BY THE REVIEW BOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter until the Review Board ter-minates, the Review Board shall submit a re-port regarding the activities of the Review Board to— (A) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (C) the President; (D) the Archivist; and (E) the head of any Government office the records of which have been the subject of Re-view Board activity. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include the following informa-tion: (A) A financial report of the expenses for all official activities and requirements of the Review Board and its employees. (B) The progress made on review, trans-mission to the Archivist, and public disclo-sure of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records. (C) The estimated time and volume of Missing Armed Forces Personnel records in-volved in the completion of the duties of the Review Board under this title. (D) Any special problems, including re-quests and the level of cooperation of Gov-ernment offices, with regard to the ability of the Review Board to carry out its duties under this title. (E) A record of review activities, including a record of postponement decisions by the Review Board or other related actions au-thorized under this title, and a record of the volume of records reviewed and postponed. (F) Suggestions and requests to Congress for additional legislative authority needs. (G) An appendix containing copies of re-ports relating to postponed records sub-mitted to the Archivist under subsection (c)(3) since the end of the period covered by the most recent report under paragraph (1). (3) T
ERMINATION NOTICE .—Not later than 90 days before the Review Board expects to complete the work of the Review Board under this title, the Review Board shall pro-vide written notice to Congress of the intent of the Review Board to terminate operations at a specified date. 
SEC. 1810. DISCLOSURE OF OTHER MATERIALS AND ADDITIONAL STUDY. 
(a) M ATERIALS UNDER SEAL OF COURT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board may re-quest the Attorney General to petition any court of the United States or of a foreign country to release any information relevant to the loss, fate, or status of Missing Armed Forces Personnel that is held under seal of the court. (2) G
RAND JURY INFORMATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Review Board may request the Attorney General to petition any court of the United States to release any in-formation relevant to loss, fate, or status of Missing Armed Forces Personnel that is held under the injunction of secrecy of a grand jury. (B) TREATMENT .—A request for disclosure of Missing Armed Forces Personnel mate-rials under this title shall be deemed to con-stitute a showing of particularized need under rule 6 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Attorney General should assist the Review Board in good faith to unseal any records that the Review Board determines to be relevant and held under seal by a court or under the injunction of secrecy of a grand jury; (2) the Secretary of State should— (A) contact the governments of the Rus-sian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to seek the disclosure of all records in their respective custody, possession, or control relevant to the loss, fate, or status of Missing Armed Forces Personnel; and (B) contact any other foreign government that may hold information relevant to the loss, fate, or status of Missing Armed Forces Personnel, and seek disclosure of such infor-mation; and (3) all agencies should cooperate in full with the Review Board to seek the disclosure of all information relevant to the loss, fate, or status of Missing Armed Forces Personnel consistent with the public interest. 
SEC. 1811. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) P RECEDENCE OVER OTHER LAW.—When this title requires transmission of a record to the Archivist or public disclosure, it shall take precedence over any other law (except section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), judicial decision construing such law, or common law doctrine that would other-wise prohibit such transmission or disclo-sure, with the exception of deeds governing access to or transfer or release of gifts and donations of records to the United States Government. (b) F
REEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT.—Noth- ing in this title shall be construed to elimi-nate or limit any right to file requests with any Executive agency or seek judicial review of the decisions under section 552 of title 5, United States Code. (c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Nothing in this title shall be construed to preclude judicial re-view under chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, of final actions taken or required to be taken under this title. (d) E
XISTING AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this title revokes or limits the existing authority of the President, any Executive agency, the Senate, or the House of Representatives, or any other entity of the Government to pub-licly disclose records in its custody, posses-sion, or control. (e) R
ULES OF THE SENATE AND HOUSE OF  R
EPRESENTATIVES .—To the extent that any provision of this title establishes a procedure to be followed in the Senate or the House of Representatives, such provision is adopted— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, respectively, and is deemed to be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but appli-cable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House, and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is in-consistent with such rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of either House to change the rules (so far as they relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same man-ner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.060 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3319 June 7, 2018 
SEC. 1812. TERMINATION OF EFFECT. 
(a) P ROVISIONS PERTAINING TO THE REVIEW  B
OARD .—The provisions of this title that per-tain to the appointment and operation of the Review Board shall cease to be effective when the Review Board and the terms of its members have terminated under section 1807(o). (b) O
THER PROVISIONS .—The remaining pro-visions of this title shall continue in effect until such time as the Archivist certifies to the President and Congress that all Missing Armed Forces Personnel records have been made available to the public in accordance with this title. 
SEC. 1813. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this title, to remain available until expended. (b) I
NTERIM FUNDING .—Until such time as funds are appropriated pursuant to sub-section (a), the President may use such sums as are available for discretionary use to carry out this title. 
SEC. 1814. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this title, or the appli-cation thereof to any person or cir-cumstance, is held invalid, the remainder of this title and the application of that provi-sion to other persons not similarly situated or to other circumstances shall not be af-fected by the invalidation. 
SA 2400. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. PRESIDENTIAL ALLOWANCE MOD-ERNIZATION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Presidential Allowance Mod-ernization Act of 2018’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS .— (1) F
ORMER PRESIDENTS .—The first section of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to provide retire-ment, clerical assistants, and free mailing privileges to former Presidents of the United States, and for other purposes’’, approved August 25, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’) (3 U.S.C. 102 note), is amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; (B) by striking the matter preceding sub-section (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
NNUITIES AND ALLOWANCES .— ‘‘(1) A
NNUITY .—Each former President shall be entitled to receive from the United States an annuity, subject to subsections (b) and (c)— ‘‘(A) at the rate of $200,000 per year; and ‘‘(B) which shall commence on the day after the date on which an individual be-comes a former President. ‘‘(2) A
LLOWANCE .—The General Services Administration is authorized to provide each former President a monetary allowance, sub-ject to appropriations and subsections (b), (c), and (d), at the rate of— ‘‘(A) $500,000 per year for 5 years beginning on the day after the last day of the period described in the first sentence of section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note); ‘‘(B) $350,000 per year for the 5 years fol-lowing the 5-year period under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) $250,000 per year thereafter. ‘‘(b) DURATION ; FREQUENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The annuity and mone-tary allowance under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(A) terminate on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the former President dies; and ‘‘(B) be payable by the Secretary of the Treasury on a monthly basis. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTIVE OR ELECTIVE POSITIONS .— The annuity and monetary allowance under subsection (a) shall not be payable for any period during which a former President holds an appointive or elective position in or under the Federal Government to which is at-tached a rate of pay other than a nominal rate. ‘‘(c) C
OST-OF-LIVING INCREASES .—Effective December 1 of each year, each annuity and monetary allowance under subsection (a) that commenced before that date shall be in-creased by the same percentage by which benefit amounts under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) are in-creased, effective as of that date, as a result of a determination under section 215(i) of that Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)). ‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON MONETARY ALLOW -
ANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the monetary allowance payable under subsection (a)(2) to a former President for any 12-month period— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), may not exceed the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the monetary allowance that (but for this subsection) would otherwise be so pay-able for the 12-month period, exceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) the applicable reduction amount for the 12-month period; and ‘‘(B) shall not be less than the amount de-termined under paragraph (4). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the term ‘applicable reduction amount’ means, with respect to any former President and in connection with any 12- month period, the amount by which— ‘‘(i) the earned income (as defined in sec-tion 32(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of the former President for the most re-cent taxable year for which a tax return is available, exceeds (if at all) ‘‘(ii) $400,000, subject to subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) J
OINT RETURNS .—In the case of a joint return, subparagraph (A)(i) shall be applied by taking into account both the amounts properly allocable to the former President and the amounts properly allocable to the spouse of the former President. ‘‘(C) C
OST-OF-LIVING INCREASES .—The dollar amount specified in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be adjusted at the same time that, and by the same percentage by which, the mone-tary allowance of the former President is in-creased under subsection (c) (disregarding this subsection). ‘‘(3) D
ISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the terms ‘return’ and ‘return informa-tion’ have the meanings given those terms in section 6103(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of the Treasury or the Secretary of the Treasury’s delegate. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—A former President may not receive a monetary allowance under subsection (a)(2) unless the former President discloses to the Secretary, upon the request of the Secretary, any return or return infor-mation of the former President or spouse of the former President that the Secretary de-termines is necessary for purposes of calcu-lating the applicable reduction amount under paragraph (2) of this subsection. ‘‘(C) CONFIDENTIALITY .—Except as provided in section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the Secretary may not, with re-spect to a return or return information dis-closed to the Secretary under subparagraph (B)— ‘‘(i) disclose the return or return informa-tion to any entity or person; or ‘‘(ii) use the return or return information for any purpose other than to calculate the applicable reduction amount under para-graph (2). ‘‘(4) I
NCREASED COSTS DUE TO SECURITY  
NEEDS .—With respect to the monetary allow-ance that would be payable to a former President under subsection (a)(2) for any 12- month period but for the limitation under paragraph (1) of this subsection, the Admin-istrator of General Services, in coordination with the Director of the United States Se-cret Service, shall determine the amount of the monetary allowance that is needed to pay the increased cost of doing business that is attributable to the security needs of the former President.’’; (C) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) O
FFICE STAFF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of General Services shall, without regard to the civil service and classification laws, provide for each former President an office staff of not more than 13 individuals, at the request of the former President, on a reimbursable basis. ‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATION .—The annual rate of compensation payable to any individual under paragraph (1) shall not exceed the highest annual rate of basic pay for positions at level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(3) S
ELECTION ; RESPONSIBILITY .—An indi- vidual employed under this subsection— ‘‘(A) shall be selected by the former Presi-dent; and ‘‘(B) shall be responsible only to the former President for the performance of duties. ‘‘(g) O
FFICE SPACE AND RELATED FUR-
NISHINGS AND EQUIPMENT .— ‘‘(1) O
FFICE SPACE .—The Administrator of General Services (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘Administrator’) shall, at the request of a former President, on a reimburs-able basis provide for the former President suitable office space, as determined by the Administrator, at a place within the United States specified by the former President. ‘‘(2) F
URNISHINGS AND EQUIPMENT .— ‘‘(A) R
EIMBURSABLE .—The Administrator may, at the request of a former President, provide the former President with suitable office furnishings and equipment on a reim-bursable basis. ‘‘(B) W
ITHOUT REIMBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(i) G
RANDFATHERED FORMER PRESIDENTS .— In the case of any individual who is a former President on the date of enactment of the Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2018, the former President may retain with-out reimbursement any furniture and equip-ment in the possession of the former Presi-dent. ‘‘(ii) P
RESIDENTIAL TRANSITION ACT .—A former President may retain without reim-bursement any furniture or equipment ac-quired under section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note). ‘‘(iii) E
XCESS FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT .— The Administrator may provide excess fur-niture and equipment to the office of a former President at no cost other than nec-essary transportation costs.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.060 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3320 June 7, 2018 
‘‘(j) A PPLICABILITY .—Subsections (f), (g) (other than paragraph (2)(B)(i) of that sub-section), and (i) shall apply with respect to a former President on and after the day after the last day of the period described in the first sentence of section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note).’’. (2) S
URVIVING SPOUSES OF FORMER PRESI -
DENTS .— (A) I
NCREASE IN AMOUNT OF MONETARY AL -
LOWANCE .—Subsection (e) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 is amended— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘$20,000 per annum,’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000 per year (subject to paragraph (4)),’’; and (ii) in the second sentence— (I) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in paragraph (3)— (aa) by striking ‘‘or the government of the District of Columbia’’; and (bb) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) shall, after its commencement date, be increased at the same time that, and by the same percentage by which, annuities of former Presidents are increased under sub-section (c).’’. (B) C
OVERAGE OF WIDOWER OF A FORMER  
PRESIDENT .—Subsection (e) of the first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by subparagraph (A), is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘widow’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘widow or widower’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘she’’ and inserting ‘‘she or he’’. (3) S
UBSECTION HEADINGS .—The first sec-tion of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 is amended— (A) in subsection (e), by inserting after the subsection enumerator the following: ‘‘W
ID-
OWS AND WIDOWERS .—’’; (B) in subsection (h) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)(A)), by inserting after the sub-section enumerator the following: ‘‘D
EFINI -
TION.—’’; and (C) in subsection (i) (as redesignated by paragraph (1)(A)), by inserting after the sub-section enumerator the following: ‘‘A
UTHOR -
IZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—’’. (4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) T
ITLE 5 .—Subpart G of part III of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (i) in section 8101(1)(E), by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’; (ii) in section 8331(1)(I), by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’; (iii) in section 8701(a)(9), by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’; and (iv) in section 8901(1)(H) by striking ‘‘1(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)’’. (B) P
RESIDENTIAL TRANSITION ACT OF 1963 .— Section 5 of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (3 U.S.C. 102 note) is amended by striking the last sentence. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or an amendment made by this section shall be construed to affect— (1) any provision of law relating to the se-curity or protection of a former President or a member of the family of a former Presi-dent; (2) funding, under the Former Presidents Act of 1958 or any other law, to carry out any provision of law described in paragraph (1); or (3) funding for any office space lease in ef-fect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act under subsection (c) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 (as in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act) until the expiration date contained in the lease, if the lease was submitted to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Rep-resentatives on April 12, 2017. (d) TRANSITION RULES .— (1) F
ORMER PRESIDENTS .—In the case of any individual who is a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amend-ments made by section subsection (b)(1) shall be applied as if the commencement date re-ferred in subsections (a)(1)(B) and (a)(2)(A) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by subsection (b)(1), coincided with the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) W
IDOWS .—In the case of any individual who is the widow of a former President on the date of enactment of this Act, the amendments made by subsection (a)(2)(A) shall be applied as if the commencement date referred to in subsection (e)(1) of the first section of the Former Presidents Act of 1958, as amended by subsection (b)(2)(A), co-incided with the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (e) A
PPLICABILITY .—For a former President receiving a monetary allowance under the Former Presidents Act of 1958 on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act, the limitation under subsection (d)(1) of the first section of that Act, as amended by sub-section (b)(1), shall apply to the monetary al-lowance of the former President, except to the extent that the application of the limita-tion would prevent the former President from being able to pay the cost of a lease or other contract that is in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act and under which the former President makes payments using the monetary allowance, as determined by the Administrator of General Services. 
SA 2401. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. IMPROVEMENTS TO TECHNICAL AND BUSINESS ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(q)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
ANDBUSINESS ’’ after ‘‘T ECHNICAL ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘a vendor selected under paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more ven-dors selected under paragraph (2)(A)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and business’’ before ‘‘as-sistance services’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘assistance with product sales, intellectual property protections, mar-ket research, market validation, and devel-opment of regulatory plans and manufac-turing plans,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding intellectual property protections’’ before the period at the end; (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Each agency may select a vendor to assist small business concerns to meet’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each agency may select 1 or more vendors from which small business concerns may obtain assistance in meeting’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) SELECTION BY SMALL BUSINESS CON -
CERN .—A small business concern may, by contract or otherwise, select 1 or more ven-dors to assist the small business concern in meeting the goals listed in paragraph (1).’’; (4) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR BUSINESS ’’ after ‘‘ TECHNICAL ’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ each place it appears; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$50,000 with respect to each award’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘which shall be in addition to the amount of the recipi-ent’s award’’ and inserting ‘‘which shall be included as part of the recipient’s award’’; (D) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘a vendor’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Business-related services aimed at improv-ing the commercialization success of a small business concern may be obtained from an entity, such as a public or private organiza-tion or an agency of or other entity estab-lished or funded by a State that facilitates or accelerates the commercialization of technologies or assists in the creation and growth of private enterprises that are com-mercializing technology.’’; (E) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘tech-nical’’ each place it appears; and (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more vendors’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) M
ULTIPLE AWARD RECIPIENTS .—The Administrator shall establish a limit on the amount of technical and business assistance services that may be received or purchased under subparagraph (B) by small business concerns with respect to multiple Phase II SBIR or STTR awards for a fiscal year.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORTING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A small business con-cern that receives technical or business as-sistance from a vendor under this subsection during a fiscal year shall submit to the Fed-eral agency contracting with the vendor a description of the technical or business as-sistance provided and the benefits and re-sults of the technical or business assistance provided. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF EXISTING REPORTING MECHA -
NISM.—The information required under sub-paragraph (A) shall be collected by a Federal agency as part of a report required to be sub-mitted by small business concerns engaged in SBIR or STTR projects of the Federal agency for which the requirement was in ef-fect on the date of enactment of this para-graph.’’. (b) R
EVIEW .—Not later than the end of fis-cal year 2019, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall— (1) conduct a survey of vendors providing technical or business assistance under sec-tion 9(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(q)), as amended by subsection (a), and small business concerns receiving the tech-nical or business assistance; and (2) submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report reviewing the efficacy of the provision of the technical or business assistance. 
SA 2402. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.059 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3321 June 7, 2018 
amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON AVAILABILITY OF LONG-TERM CARE OPTIONS FOR VETERANS FROM DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the availability of long-term care options from the Department of Veterans Affairs for veterans with combat-related disabilities, in-cluding veterans who served in the Armed Forces after September 11, 2001. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required by sub-section (a) shall— (1) determine the potential demand for long-term care by veterans eligible for health care from the Department; (2) determine the capacity of the Depart-ment for providing all four levels of long- term care, which are independent living, as-sisted living, nursing home care, and mem-ory care; (3) identify the number of veterans with combat-related disabilities who require a personal care assistant and which facilities of the Department provide this service; and (4) examine the value of long-term care benefits provided by the Department, includ-ing personal care assistant services, to iden-tify the potential elements of a pilot pro-gram that affords aging veterans the choice of receiving long-term care benefits at non-profit continuing care retirement commu-nities. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the study conducted under this section. 
SA 2403. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1006. REGULATORY RELIEF FOR BANKS DURING DISASTERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘depository institution’’ and ‘‘State’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal Deposit In-surance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (2) the term ‘‘major disaster’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122). (b) R
EQUIREMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the date on which a designated point of contact within the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation receives notice from the President or the Governor of a State that the President has declared a major disaster under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) or the Governor has de-clared a state of disaster for all or part of that State, as applicable, the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation shall issue guid-ance to depository institutions located in the area for which the President declared the major disaster or the Governor declared a state of disaster, as applicable, for reducing regulatory burdens for borrowers and com-munities in order to facilitate recovery from the disaster. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidance issued under paragraph (1) shall include instructions from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation consistent with existing flexibility for a major disaster declared under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170). (c) A
DDITIONAL GUIDANCE .—Not later than 180 days of the date of enactment of this Act, the Office of the Comptroller of the Cur-rency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, and the National Credit Union Administration shall jointly issue guidance for depository institutions affected by a state of disaster that is comparable to the guidance issued by those entities in De-cember 2017 entitled ‘‘Interagency Super-visory Examiner Guidance for Institutions Affected by a Major Disaster’’. 
SA 2404. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 340. REDESIGNATION OF THE UTAH TEST AND TRAINING RANGE AS THE ORRIN G. HATCH UTAH TEST AND TRAINING RANGE. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR) located in north-western Utah and eastern Nevada is hereby redesignated as the ‘‘Orrin G. Hatch Utah Test and Training Range’’, effective as of January 3, 2019. (b) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, regulation, document, record, map, elec-tronic format, or other paper of the United States to the Utah Test and Training Range shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Orrin G. Hatch Utah Test and Training Range’’. 
SA 2405. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: In section 891, amend subsection (b) to read as follows: (b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OR PROCUREMENT .— The Secretary of Defense may not— (1) procure or obtain or extend or renew or continue to participate in a contract to pro-cure or obtain or continue to use any equip-ment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system; or (2) enter into a contract (or extend or renew or continue to participate in a con-tract) with an entity that uses any equip-ment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. 
SA 2406. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 3lll. CRITERIA FOR PREPARATION OF EN-VIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATE-MENTS AND ENVIRONMENTAL AS-SESSMENTS. 
Section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) is amend-ed— (1) by indenting subparagraphs (A) through (C) appropriately; (2) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this Act, and (2) all’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘this Act; and ‘‘(2) all’’; (3) by striking the section designation and all that follows through ‘‘possible: (1) the’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (2) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 102. COOPERATION OF AGENCIES; ENVI-RONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENTS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Congress authorizes and requires that, to the maximum extent prac-ticable— ‘‘(1) the’’; (4) in paragraph (2) of subsection (a) (as so designated)— (A) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘subject to subsection (b),’’ before ‘‘include’’; (ii) in each of clauses (i) through (iii), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) in clause (v), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (B) in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (C)— (i) in the second sentence— (I) by striking ‘‘agency review processes;’’ and inserting ‘‘agency review processes.’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Copies of such state-ments’’ and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.062 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3322 June 7, 2018 
‘‘(2) P UBLICATION .—A copy of each state-ment under subsection (a)(2)(C)’’; and (ii) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Prior to making any detailed statement’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR ENVIRONMENTAL  I
MPACT STATEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Before preparing an envi-ronmental impact statement under sub-section (a)(2)(C)’’; (5) in subsection (b) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (2) (as redesignated by paragraph (4)(B)(i)(II))— (i) by moving subparagraphs (E) through (I) so as to appear after clause (v) of subpara-graph (C) of subsection (a)(2) (as amended by paragraph (4)(A)), redesignating the subpara-graphs as subparagraphs (D) through (H), re-spectively, and indenting the subparagraphs appropriately; and (ii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘if:’’ and inserting ‘‘if—’’; (II) in each of clauses (i) and (ii), by strik-ing the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (III) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by striking ‘‘(D) Any detailed state-ment required under subparagraph (C)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN STATEMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An environmental im-pact statement required under subsection (a)(2)(C)’’; (B) in the undesignated matter following clause (iv) of paragraph (3)(A) (as so redesig-nated), by striking ‘‘The procedures in this subparagraph shall not relieve the Federal official of his responsibilities for the scope, objectivity, and content of the entire state-ment or of any other responsibility under this Act; and further, this subparagraph does not affect’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this paragraph— ‘‘(i) relieves a Federal official of— ‘‘(I) any responsibility for the scope, objec-tivity, or content of an environmental im-pact statement; or ‘‘(II) any other responsibility under this Act; or ‘‘(ii) affects’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
EADLINE FOR PREPARATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of a Federal agency shall— ‘‘(i) complete each draft environmental im-pact statement required under subsection (a)(2)(C) by not later than 1 year after the date on which the head publishes in the Fed-eral Register a notice of the intent to pre-pare the environmental impact statement; and ‘‘(ii) issue a final environmental impact statement and associated record of decision by not later than 2 years after the date on which the head publishes in the Federal Reg-ister the notice of intent referred to in clause (i). ‘‘(B) F
AILURE TO MEET DEADLINE .—If the head of a Federal agency fails to meet an ap-plicable deadline under subparagraph (A) with respect to an environmental impact statement and associated record of decision, the head shall— ‘‘(i) not later than 10 days after the appli-cable deadline, publish on a public website maintained by the agency the reasons for the failure; and ‘‘(ii) complete the environmental impact statement and associated record of decision by not later than the date that is 1 year after the applicable deadline. ‘‘(5) L
ENGTH .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the text of a final environmental impact statement required under subsection (a)(2)(C) shall not exceed— ‘‘(i) 150 pages; or ‘‘(ii) for a proposal of unusual scope or complexity, 300 pages. ‘‘(B) TREATMENT OF APPENDICES .—The page limitation established under subparagraph (A) shall not include any appendices. ‘‘(6) E
RRATA SHEETS .—If the head of a Fed-eral agency modifies a final environmental impact statement required under subsection (a)(2)(C) in response to any comment that is minor and confined to factual corrections or explanations of why the comments do not warrant additional agency response, the agency head may attach to the environ-mental impact statement appropriate errata sheets, subject to the conditions that the er-rata sheets shall— ‘‘(A) cite the sources, authorities, or rea-sons that support the position of the agency; and ‘‘(B) if appropriate, indicate the cir-cumstances that would trigger agency re-appraisal or further response. ‘‘(7) S
INGLE DOCUMENT .—In preparing an en-vironmental impact statement under sub-section (a)(2)(C), the head of a Federal agen-cy shall, to the maximum extent practicable, develop a single document that consists of the final environmental impact statement and an associated record of decision, unless— ‘‘(A) the final environmental impact state-ment makes a substantial change to the pro-posed action that is relevant to an applicable environmental or safety concern; or ‘‘(B) there exists a significant new cir-cumstance or information relevant to an ap-plicable environmental concern that relates to the proposed action or an impact of the proposed action.’’; and (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this subsection, the head of each Federal agency shall— ‘‘(1) establish, with respect to the prepara-tion of environmental assessments and re-lated findings of no significant impact by the agency, a time limit of not more than 180 days; and ‘‘(2) apply that time limit to each environ-mental assessment and finding of no signifi-cant impact prepared by the agency. ‘‘(d) ROD 
ANDFONSI R EVIEW .—It shall be an affirmative defense to any action chal-lenging the sufficiency of an environmental review conducted under this Act that the ap-plicable Federal agency made a good faith ef-fort to produce a sufficient record of decision or finding of no significant impact in accord-ance with each applicable deadline estab-lished under this section, using the resources available to the Federal agency at the time.’’. 
SA 2407. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. llll. QUADRILATERAL DIALOGUE AND TRILATERAL FRAMEWORK. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The 2017 National Security Strategy of the United States declares the following: (A) ‘‘We welcome India’s emergence as a leading global power and stronger strategic and defense partner.’’. (B) ‘‘We will seek to increase quadrilateral cooperation with Japan, Australia, and India.’’. (C) ‘‘We will expand our defense and secu-rity cooperation with India, a Major Defense Partner of the United States, and support In-dia’s growing relationships throughout the region.’’. (2) At an October 2017 hearing of the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate, with respect to the political and security sit-uation in Afghanistan, Secretary of Defense James Mattis discussed the role of India and stated the following: (A) ‘‘It’s a strategic convergence, a generational opportunity between the two largest democracies in the world to work to-gether, based on those shared interests of peace, of prosperity, of stability in the re-gion, and India is coming into its own.’’. (B) ‘‘[India’s] going to be a global player, as Prime Minister Modi takes them forward economically to a much higher level of liv-ing for his people, to a bigger role in the world, and that role, from our perspective, is a wholly positive one right now.’’. (C) ‘‘And I think we are natural partners, India and the United States, and we recog-nize each other’s sovereignty. We have re-spect for each other. But we also see the op-portunity we’re presented with right now.’’. (3) In September 2017, General Joseph Dunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff stated the following: (A) ‘‘With regard to India, the President called on India to invest more in develop-ment projects in Afghanistan, and India ap-pears eager to do more beyond the roughly $3,000,000,000 in development assistance it has provided since 2001.’’. (B) ‘‘From the military dimension, I be-lieve India has the capacity to provide addi-tional training and equipment to build ca-pacity of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces.’’. (C) ‘‘The U.S.–India military relationship is strong and getting stronger, and our two countries cooperate through complex exer-cises such as MALABAR in the Bay of Ben-gal as well as robust engagement through de-fense trade and technology cooperation.’’. (D) ‘‘A long term strategic security rela-tionship with India is critical to ensuring freedom of navigation in the Indian Ocean, and the United States and India should con-tinue to expand cooperation in areas of mu-tual interest like maritime security.’’. (E) ‘‘We should also continue to strengthen our defense relationship by pursuing oppor-tunities to co-develop and co-produce defense technology under the U.S.–India Defense Technology and Trade Initiative.’’. (4) In March 2018, Admiral Harry Harris, Commander of United States Pacific Com-mand (USPACOM), stated the following: (A) ‘‘The U.S.–India strategic partnership continues to advance at a historic pace and has the potential to be the most consequen-tial bilateral relationship of the 21st cen-tury.’’. (B) ‘‘The United States and India maintain a broad-based strategic partnership that is underpinned by shared democratic values, interests, and strong people-to-people ties, and I expect 2018 to be a significant and eventful year in United States-India rela-tions.’’. (C) ‘‘The United States and India are nat-ural partners on a range of political, eco-nomic, and security issues, and with a mu-tual desire for global stability and support for the rules-based international order, the United States and India have an increasing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.062 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3323 June 7, 2018 
convergence of interests, including maritime security and domain awareness, counter-pi-racy, counterterrorism, humanitarian assist-ance, and coordinated responses to natural disasters and transnational threats.’’. (D) ‘‘India will be among the United States’s most significant partners in the years to come due to its growing influence and expanding military.’’. (E) ‘‘As a new generation of political lead-ers emerge, India has shown that it is more open to strengthening security ties with the United States and adjusting its historic pol-icy of non-alignment to address common strategic interests.’’. (F) ‘‘The United States seeks an enduring, regular, routine, and institutionalized stra-tegic partnership with India, and USPACOM identifies a security relationship with India as a major command line-of-effort.’’. (G) ‘‘Over the past year, United States and Indian militaries participated together in three major exercises, executed more than 50 other military exchanges, and operationalized the 2016 Logistics Exchange Memorandum of Agreement (LEMOA).’’. (5) In February 2017, General John Nichol-son, Commander of the United States Forces in Afghanistan, stated, ‘‘With over $2,000,000,000 development aid executed since 2002, and another $1,000,000,000 pledged in 2016, India’s significant investments in Af-ghan infrastructure, engineering, training, and humanitarian issues will help develop Afghan human capital and long-term sta-bility.’’. (b) Q
UADRILATERAL DIALOGUE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To enhance defense co-operation among the United States, Aus-tralia, India, and Japan, the Secretary of De-fense, as part of a larger whole-of-govern-ment effort, may initiate a quadrilateral dia-logue among representatives of the Govern-ments of the United States, Australia, India, and Japan to develop a mission statement that reflects areas of common security inter-ests including— (A) a values-based and rules-based regional order; (B) the importance of freedom of naviga-tion and maritime security; and (C) the acceptance of internationally rec-ognized borders. (2) D
ESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL .—To enhance defense cooperation among the United States, Australia, India, and Japan, the Sec-retary may designate an official of the exec-utive branch— (A) to formulate a regional framework to address potential areas of military collabo-ration including— (i) maritime security and domain aware-ness; (ii) combined logistics; (iii) multilateral training and exercise op-portunities; (iv) enhances interoperability of capabili-ties; (v) combating terrorism and the prolifera-tion of weapons of mass destruction; (vi) cyber defense; (vii) cooperative weapons development and production; and (viii) developing a strategy to pool or share capabilities; (B) to identify opportunities to conduct bi-lateral, trilateral, or quadrilateral joint maritime patrols; (C) to bolster maritime presence and mili-tary capacity building among the United States, Australia, India, and Japan (com-monly referred to as ‘‘Quad-centered’’) in the Indian Ocean for greater maritime domain awareness; (D) to identify opportunities for— (i) joint intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance operations; and (ii) intelligence sharing; (E) to seek additional opportunities for major military exercises and military ex-changes; (F) to establish a combined joint task force for low-intensity operations in the Indo-Pa-cific region, such as counter piracy and hu-manitarian and disaster relief, that— (i) is inclusive of the navy of the each of the United States, Australia, India, and Japan; (ii) establishes clear norms; and (iii) improve lines of communication; and (G) to engage with other allies and part-ners, international frameworks, and other countries as the Secretary considers appro-priate. (c) TRILATERAL FRAMEWORK .— (1) D
ESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL .—To enhance defense cooperation among the United States, Afghanistan, and India and to pro-mote mutual priorities for security assist-ance in Afghanistan, the Secretary may, sub-ject to paragraph (2), designate an official of the executive branch— (A) to initiate a trilateral framework among representatives of the Governments of the United States, Afghanistan, and India— (i) to identify means of improving the co-ordination and delivery of humanitarian as-sistance and disaster relief capabilities to Afghanistan by the militaries of the United States, Afghanistan, and India to improve joint military response to current and an-ticipated humanitarian needs in Afghani-stan; and (ii) to identify gaps in the capabilities of the Afghanistan security forces and deter-mine means of addressing such gaps; and (B) to advocate for necessary capabilities, especially capabilities for meeting critical, short-term needs identified by the com-mander of United States Armed Forces par-ticipating in Operation Resolute Support in Afghanistan. (2) P
OSITION OF DESIGNATED OFFICIAL .—The official designated under paragraph (1) shall be an official in a position with responsi-bility for security assistance and defense co-operation. 
SA 2408. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 322, add the fol-lowing: (6) An analysis of potential partnerships with State, local, tribal, and private entities to maximize training potential and to utilize local expertise. 
SA 2409. Mr. SULLIVAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title XII, insert the following: 
SEC. 12ll. MEASURES TO IMPROVE DEFENSE PARTNERSHIP BETWEEN INDIA AND THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) D ELAY OF IMPOSITION OF CERTAIN SANC-
TIONS RELATING TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION  
FOR DEFENSE COOPERATION WITH UNITED  S
TATES .—Section 231(c) of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9525(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The President’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President’’; (2) by striking ‘‘that the person’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘that— ‘‘(A) the person’’; (3) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; or’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) except as provided in paragraph (2), the government with primary jurisdiction over the person is substantially improving that government’s defense cooperation with the United States. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR STATE SPONSORS OF  
TERRORISM .—The President may not delay the imposition of sanctions under paragraph (1)(B) with respect to a person if the govern-ment with primary jurisdiction over that person has been determined by the Secretary of State to be a government that has repeat-edly provided support for acts of inter-national terrorism for purposes of— ‘‘(A) section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Admin-istration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); ‘‘(B) section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)); ‘‘(C) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or ‘‘(D) any other provision of law.’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON LICENSE EXCEP -
TION STRATEGIC TRADE AUTHORIZATION FOR  I
NDIA.—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should expeditiously grant India status under the License Exception Strategic Trade Authorization under section 740.20 of title 15, Code of Federal Regula-tions, commensurate with the status of India as a major defense partner of the United States. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON STRENGTHENING  D
EFENSE PARTNERSHIP WITHINDIA.—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should strengthen and enhance its major de-fense partnership with India and work to-ward the mutual security objectives of India and the United States. 
SA 2410. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VI, add the following: Subtitle E—Military Lending Act and Related Matters 
SEC. 641. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Military Lending Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.063 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3324 June 7, 2018 
SEC. 642. EXPANSION AND IMPROVEMENT OF CONSUMER CREDIT PROTECTIONS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF APPLICABILITY TO INDIVID -
UALS RECENTLY DISCHARGED OR RELEASED  F
ROM THE ARMED FORCES .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (i) of section 987 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED MEMBER .—The term ‘covered member’ means the following: ‘‘(A) A member of the armed forces who is— ‘‘(i) on active duty under a call or order that does not specify a period of 30 days or less; or ‘‘(ii) on active Guard and Reserve duty. ‘‘(B) An individual who was separated, dis-charged, or released from duty described in subparagraph (A), but only during the 365- day period beginning on the date of separa-tion, discharge, or release.’’. (b) D
ECEASE IN MAXIMUM AUTHORIZED AN-
NUAL PERCENTAGE RATE ON CREDIT .— (1) D
ECREASE IN RATE .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘36 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘24 percent’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to consumer credit extended on or after such effective date. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON CREDITOR USE OF AUTO T
RACKING OR KILLSWITCHES .—Subsection (e) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) the creditor demands, as a condition for the credit, the application of— ‘‘(A) a device that can locate or adjust the operations of the borrower’s motor vehicle by a third party; or ‘‘(B) any other device or instrument that may pose a safety hazard or compromise the borrower’s privacy, as determined by the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Federal Trade Commission.’’. (d) E
XTENSION OF COVERAGE TO CREDIT FOR  C
ARS AND OTHER PERSONAL PROPERTY .— (1) C
OVERAGE .—Subsection (i)(6) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘(A) a resi-dential mortgage’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘a residential mortgage.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to consumer credit extended on or after such effective date. (e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of De-fense shall modify the regulations prescribed to carry out section 987 of title 10, United States Code, to take into account the amendments made by subsections (a) through (d) by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 643. ENHANCED PROTECTION AGAINST DEBT COLLECTOR HARASSMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) C OMMUNICATION IN CONNECTION WITH D
EBT COLLECTION .—Section 805 of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) C
OMMUNICATIONS CONCERNING SERVICE -
MEMBER DEBTS.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered member’ has the meaning given the term in section 987(i) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION .—A debt collector may not communicate, in connection with the collection of any debt, with the commanding officer or officer in charge of any covered member, including for the purpose of acquir-ing location information about the covered member.’’. (b) FALSE OR MISLEADING REPRESENTA -
TIONS .—Section 807 of the Fair Debt Collec-tion Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692e) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(17) The false representation to any cov-ered member, as defined in section 987(i) of title 10, United States Code, that failure to cooperate with a debt collection will result in prosecution under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. 
SEC. 644. DATA PROTECTION STANDARDS FOR CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES THAT USE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE PERSONNEL DATA. 
(a) D ETERMINATION ON ADEQUACY OF DATA P
ROTECTION STANDARDS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Federal Trade Commis-sion, determine whether or not each entity that downloads Military Lender Act bulk data from the Defense Manpower Data Cen-ter uses adequate safeguards to protect the downloaded data against breach or other po-tential misuse. The Secretary shall make the determination using a study of the practices of such entities conducted by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection. (b) T
ERMINATION OF ACCESS TO BULK D
ATA.—If pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary determines that the safeguards of an entity described in that subsection are not adequate as described in that subsection, the Secretary shall terminate the access of the entity to bulk data described in that sub-section by not later than 30 days after the date of the determination. (c) R
ESTORATION OF ACCESS TO BULK D
ATA.—If access of an entity to bulk data is terminated pursuant to subsection (b), the Secretary may subsequently restore access of the entity to bulk data if the Secretary determines that the entity has taken reme-dial measures to ensure that any data downloaded from such bulk data is ade-quately protected against breach or other potential misuse. 
SA 2411. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT OF REDUC-TION OF SURVIVOR BENEFITS PLAN SURVIVOR ANNUITIES BY DEPEND-ENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSA-TION. 
(a) R EPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (A) In section 1450, by striking subsection (c). (B) In section 1451(c)— (i) by striking paragraph (2); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sub-chapter is further amended as follows: (A) In section 1450— (i) by striking subsection (e); (ii) by striking subsection (k); and (iii) by striking subsection (m). (B) In section 1451(g)(1), by striking sub-paragraph (C). (C) In section 1452— (i) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘does not apply—’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘does not apply in the case of a deduc-tion made through administrative error.’’; and (ii) by striking subsection (g). (D) In section 1455(c), by striking ‘‘, 1450(k)(2),’’. (b) PROHIBITION ON RETROACTIVE BENE-
FITS.—No benefits may be paid to any person for any period before the effective date pro-vided under subsection (f) by reason of the amendments made by subsection (a). (c) P
ROHIBITION ON RECOUPMENT OF CERTAIN  A
MOUNTS PREVIOUSLY REFUNDED TO SBP R E-
CIPIENTS .—A surviving spouse who is or has been in receipt of an annuity under the Sur-vivor Benefit Plan under subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 10, United States Code, that is in effect before the effective date pro-vided under subsection (f) and that is ad-justed by reason of the amendments made by subsection (a) and who has received a refund of retired pay under section 1450(e) of title 10, United States Code, shall not be required to repay such refund to the United States. (d) R
EPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR OPTIONAL  A
NNUITY FOR DEPENDENT CHILDREN .—Section 1448(d) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary concerned’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary concerned’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘D
EPENDENT CHILDREN .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In the case of a member described in paragraph (1),’’ and inserting ‘‘D
EPENDENT CHILDREN ANNUITY  
WHEN NO ELIGIBLE SURVIVING SPOUSE .—In the case of a member described in paragraph (1)’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B). (e) R
ESTORATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR PRE-
VIOUSLY ELIGIBLE SPOUSES .—The Secretary of the military department concerned shall restore annuity eligibility to any eligible surviving spouse who, in consultation with the Secretary, previously elected to transfer payment of such annuity to a surviving child or children under the provisions of section 1448(d)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the effective date provided under subsection (f). Such eli-gibility shall be restored whether or not pay-ment to such child or children subsequently was terminated due to loss of dependent sta-tus or death. For the purposes of this sub-section, an eligible spouse includes a spouse who was previously eligible for payment of such annuity and is not remarried, or remar-ried after having attained age 55, or whose second or subsequent marriage has been ter-minated by death, divorce or annulment. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the later of— (1) the first day of the first month that be-gins after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (2) the first day of the fiscal year that be-gins in the calendar year in which this Act is enacted. 
SA 2412. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.063 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3325 June 7, 2018 
military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1126. CREDITABLE SERVICE FOR FEDERAL RETIREMENT FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS EMPLOYED BY AIR AMER-ICA AND ASSOCIATED ENTITIES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 8332(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (17), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (C) by inserting after paragraph (17) the following: ‘‘(18) any period of service performed not later than 1977, while a citizen of the United States, in the employ of Air America, Inc., or any entity associated with, predecessor to, or subsidiary to Air America, Inc., in-cluding Air Asia Company Limited, CAT In-corporated, Civil Air Transport Company Limited, and the Pacific Division of South-ern Air Transport, during the period during which Air America, Inc., or the other entity was owned and controlled by the United States Government.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this subchapter, service of the type described in paragraph (18) of this subsection shall be considered to have been service as an employee.’’. (2) E
XEMPTION FROM DEPOSIT REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 8334(g) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) any service for which credit is allowed under section 8332(b)(18) of this title.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to an annuity commencing on or after the effective date of this section. (2) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO CURRENT ANNU -
ITANTS .— (A) R
ECOMPUTATION .—An individual who is entitled to an annuity for the month in which this section becomes effective may, upon application submitted to the Office of Personnel Management not later than 2 years after the effective date of this section, have the amount of the annuity recomputed as if the amendments made by subsection (a) had been in effect throughout all periods of service on the basis of which the annuity is or may be based. (B) E
FFECT OF RECOMPUTATION .—A re- computation under subparagraph (A) shall be effective as of the commencement date of the annuity, and any additional amounts be-coming payable for periods before the first month for which the recomputation is re-flected in the regular monthly annuity pay-ments to the individual shall be payable to the individual in the form of a lump-sum payment. (3) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO INDIVIDUALS EL -
IGIBLE FOR (BUT NOT CURRENTLY RECEIVING) AN  
ANNUITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An individual not de-scribed in paragraph (2) who becomes eligible for an annuity or an increased annuity as a result of the enactment of this section may elect to have the rights of the individual under subchapter III of chapter 83 of title 5, United States Code, determined as if the amendments made by subsection (a) had been in effect throughout all periods of serv-ice on the basis of which the annuity is or would be based by submitting an appropriate application to the Office of Personnel Man-agement not later than 2 years after the later of— (i) the effective date of this section; or (ii) the date on which the individual sepa-rates from service. (B) COMMENCEMENT DATE , ETC.— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any entitlement to an an-nuity or an increased annuity resulting from an application submitted under subpara-graph (A) shall be effective as of the com-mencement date of the annuity (subject to clause (ii), if applicable), and any amounts becoming payable for periods before the first month for which regular monthly annuity payments begin to be made in accordance with the amendments made by this section shall be payable to the individual in the form of a lump-sum payment. (ii) R
ETROACTIVITY .—Any determination of the amount, or of the commencement date, of any annuity, all the requirements for enti-tlement to which (including separation, but disregarding any application requirement) would have been satisfied before the effective date of this section if this section had been in effect (but would not then otherwise have been satisfied absent this section) shall be made as if an application for the annuity had been submitted as of the earliest date that would have been allowable, after the individ-ual’s separation from service, if the amend-ments made by subsection (a) had been in ef-fect throughout the periods of service de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (4) R
IGHT TO FILE ON BEHALF OF A DECE -
DENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The regulations pre-scribed under subsection (d)(1) shall provide, consistent with the order of precedence set forth in section 8342(c) of title 5, United States Code, that a survivor of an individual who performed service described in section 8332(b)(18) of that title (as added by sub-section (a) of this section)— (i) may submit an application on behalf of the decedent and receive any lump-sum pay-ment that would otherwise have been pay-able to the decedent under paragraph (2) or (3) of this subsection; and (ii) shall submit an application described in subparagraph (A) not later than the later of— (I) 2 years after the effective date of this section; or (II) 1 year after the date of the decedent’s death. (c) F
UNDING .— (1) L
UMP-SUM PAYMENTS .—A lump-sum pay-ment under subsection (b) shall be payable out of the Civil Service Retirement and Dis-ability Fund. (2) U
NFUNDED LIABILITY .—Any increase in the unfunded liability of the Civil Service Retirement System attributable to the en-actment of this section shall be financed in accordance with section 8348(f) of title 5, United States Code. (d) R
EGULATIONS AND SPECIAL RULE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall prescribe any regulations necessary to carry out this sec-tion. (B) C
ONTENTS .—In prescribing regulations under subparagraph (A), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall apply rules similar to the rules established under section 201 of the Federal Employees’ Retire-ment System Act of 1986 (Public Law 99–335; 100 Stat. 588) with respect to any service de-scribed in section 8332(b)(18) of title 5, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this section) that was subject to title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.). (2) SPECIAL RULE .—For the purposes of an application for any benefit that is computed or recomputed taking into account any serv-ice described in section 8332(b)(18) of title 5, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this section), section 8345(i)(2) of that title shall be applied by deeming the ref-erence to the date of the ‘‘other event which gives rise to title to the benefit’’ to refer to the effective date of this section, if later than the date of the event that would other-wise apply. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— (1) the term ‘‘annuity’’, as used in para-graphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b), includes a survivor annuity; and (2) the terms ‘‘survivor’’, ‘‘survivor annu-itant’’, and ‘‘unfunded liability’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 8331 of title 5, United States Code. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this section. 
SA 2413. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 706. ELIGIBILITY FOR TRICARE FOR VET-ERANS ENTITLED TO MEDICARE BENEFITS DUE TO CONDITIONS OR INJURIES INCURRED DURING SERV-ICE IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) TRICARE P ROVISIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 1086(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘is en-rolled’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) is enrolled’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as clause (ii); (C) in clause (ii), as redesignated by para-graph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B) is a person described in subparagraph (A)(ii) who— ‘‘(i) is retired for disability under chapter 61 of this title as a result of an injury or con-dition suffered during service in the armed forces; ‘‘(ii)(I) is entitled to hospital insurance benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act pursuant to subpara-graph (A) or (C) of section 226(b)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 426(b)(2)) and is entitled to a benefit described in subparagraph (A) of such section; or ‘‘(II) is entitled to hospital insurance bene-fits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act pursuant to subparagraph (A) or (C) of such section and whose entitlement to a benefit described in subparagraph (A) of such section terminated due to performance of substantial gainful activity; and ‘‘(iii) has declined to enroll in the supple-mentary medical insurance program under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:53 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.061 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3326 June 7, 2018 
(2) A LLOWANCE OF ONE CHANGE OF ENROLL -
MENT .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), after the end of the special enrollment period provided under section 706(a)(3) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019, an individual described in paragraph (2)(B) may switch only once from enrollment under the Medi-care program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.) to enroll-ment in a plan contracted for under sub-section (a). ‘‘(B) The limitation under subparagraph (A) does not apply to enrollment by an indi-vidual in a plan contracted for under sub-section (a) by reason of termination of the entitlement of the individual to a benefit de-scribed in subparagraph (A) of section 226(b)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 426(b)(2)) due to the performance of substan-tial gainful activity.’’. (3) S
PECIAL ENROLLMENT PERIOD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide for a special enrollment period during which an individual described in sub-section (d)(2)(B) of section 1086 of title 10, United States Code, may enroll in a health care plan under such section. Such period shall begin as soon as possible after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall end 12 months later. (B) C
OVERAGE PERIOD .—In the case of an in-dividual who enrolls during the special en-rollment period provided under subparagraph (A), the coverage period under section 1086 of title 10, United States Code, shall begin on the first day of the month following the month in which the individual enrolls. (4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1086(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (4)(A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(A)(ii)’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(i)’’. (b) M
EDICARE PROVISIONS .— (1) W
AIVER OF MEDICARE PART B LATE EN -
ROLLMENT PENALTY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1839(b) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395r(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘No increase in the premium shall be effected for a month in the case of an individual who demonstrates to the Sec-retary that the individual, with respect to such month, is an individual described in section 1086(d)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code. The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consult with the Secretary of Defense in identifying individuals described in the previous sentence.’’. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by subparagraph (A) shall apply to pre-miums for months beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Secretary shall establish a method for providing re-bates of premium penalties paid for months after the date of the enactment of this Act for which a penalty does not apply under such amendment but for which a penalty was previously collected. (2) M
EDICARE PART B SPECIAL ENROLLMENT  
PERIOD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any indi-vidual who, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, is eligible to enroll but is not en-rolled under part B of title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act and is an individual de-scribed in section 1086(d)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide for a spe-cial enrollment period during which the indi-vidual may enroll under such part. Such pe-riod shall begin as soon as possible after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall end 12 months later. (B) COVERAGE PERIOD .—In the case of an in-dividual who enrolls during the special en-rollment period provided under subparagraph (A), the coverage period under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act shall begin on the first day of the month following the month in which the individual enrolls. (c) N
OTIFICATION AND INFORMATION TO  B
ENEFICIARIES .— (1) N
OTIFICATION REGARDING INSURANCE OP -
TIONS .—The Secretary of Defense shall co-ordinate with the Secretary of Health and Human Services to identify individuals de-scribed in section 1086(d)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), and notify those individuals about their health insurance options under the TRICARE program, as defined in section 1072 of such title, and the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). (2) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION TO BENE -
FICIARIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide to individuals described in paragraph (1) educational materials, infor-mation, and counseling regarding the effects of not enrolling in the supplementary med-ical insurance program under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.), including information com-paring premiums, copayments, deductibles, provider networks, future enrollment oppor-tunities, and penalties for the various health insurance plans available to assist those in-dividuals in making appropriate health in-surance choices. (B) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall provide the educational materials, information, and counseling described in subparagraph (A) to an individual described in paragraph (1) be-fore the individual elects to change enroll-ment between the TRICARE program, as de-fined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code, and the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). 
SA 2414. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM ON CERTAIN LIM-ITED REIMBURSEMENT ARRANGE-MENTS FOR USE OF MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITY BASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of modifying re-imbursement requirements for use of Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (b) D
URATION .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program during two fiscal years. (c) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at not more than five Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (d) WAIVER OF FULL REIMBURSEMENT RE-
QUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under the pilot program, the Secretary may, as the Secretary deter-mines in the best interest of the Department of Defense, waive the requirements of section 2681(c) of title 10, United States Code, for small and medium sized businesses and not- for-profit organizations so that such busi-nesses and organizations may reimburse the Department of Defense for use of a Major Range and Test Facility Base in amounts that only cover total direct costs to the United States associated with such use. (2) I
NDIRECT COSTS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to reimbursement for indirect costs. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—At the end of the first fis-cal year of the pilot program required by subsection (a) and not later than 30 days after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the pilot program. (2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) Recommendations for revisions to re-imbursement arrangements for testing and evaluation activities at Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (B) A review of authorities granted to com-manders of Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (C) An evaluation of limited reimburse-ment arrangements on the Test Resources Management Center and Major Range and Test Facility Bases. (f) M
AJOR RANGE AND TESTFACILITY BASE D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Major Range and Test Facility Base’’ means— (1) a Major Range and Test Facility Instal-lation as defined in section 2681(f) of title 10, United States Code; and (2) a Major Range and Test Facility Base as defined in section 196(i) of such title. 
SA 2415. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN PAYMENTS FROM CALCULATION FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 PILT PAYMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED PAYMENT .—The term ‘‘covered payment’’ means a payment to a unit of gen-eral local government for fiscal year 2018 from amounts deposited in the Treasury dur-ing the period of time beginning on Novem-ber 18, 1997, and ending on August 7, 2008, from a lease issued under section 7439(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, and distributed to the unit of general local government in accordance with the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.). (2) P
AYMENT LAW .—The term ‘‘payment law’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 6903(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code. (3) U
NIT OF GENERAL LOCAL GOVERNMENT .— The term ‘‘unit of general local government’’ has the meaning given the term in section 6901 of title 31, United States Code. (b) C
ALCULATION OF PILT PAYMENT  A
MOUNT .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, in calculating the amount of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.061 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3327 June 7, 2018 
payment to be made to a unit of general local government for fiscal year 2019 under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of the Interior shall not consider a covered payment to be an amount received by the unit of general local government in the prior fiscal year under a payment law for purposes of section 6903(b)(1)(A) of that title. 
SA 2416. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE ESTIMATE ON NATIONAL SECURITY THREAT POSED BY TRADE-BASED MONEY LAUNDERING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Con-gress a national intelligence estimate on the threat posed to the national security of the United States by trade-based money laun-dering. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The national intelligence estimate required by subsection (a) shall in-clude the following: (1) An assessment of trade-based money laundering and threat finance at the na-tional and international levels. (2) An assessment of the financial dimen-sions of the threat to the national security of the United States posed by trade-based money laundering. (3) A description of how terrorist financing and drug trafficking organizations are ad-vancing their illicit activities through the use of licit trade channels. (4) An assessment of the adequacy of the systems and tools available to the Federal Government for combating trade-based money laundering. (5) Recommendations for coordination be-tween Federal agencies with respect to com-bating trade-based money laundering and an identification of which Federal agency should be the lead agency for purposes of combating trade-based money laundering. (6) Recommendations for coordination with the governments of foreign countries with respect to combating trade-based money laundering. (c) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINE FOR SUBMIS -
SION.—If, before the end of the 90-day period specified in subsection (a), the Director de-termines that the national intelligence esti-mate required by that subsection cannot be submitted by the end of that period as re-quired by that subsection, the Director shall (before the end of that period) submit to Congress a report setting forth— (1) the reasons why the national intel-ligence estimate cannot be submitted by the end of that 90-day period; and (2) an estimated date for the submission of the national intelligence estimate. (d) F
ORM.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The national intelligence estimate required by subsection (a) shall— (A) be submitted in classified form; and (B) be accompanied by an unclassified sum-mary. (2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The unclassified summary required by paragraph (1)(B) shall be made available to the public. 
SA 2417. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1126. MODIFICATION OF VETERANS PREF-ERENCE. 
(a) A CTIVE DUTY REQUIREMENT .—Subpara- graphs (B) and (D) of section 2108(1) of title 5, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘consecutive’’ and inserting ‘‘cumu-lative’’. (b) E
XPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY OF RETIRED  V
ETERANS .—Section 2108(4) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) ‘preference eligible’ includes a retired member of the armed forces; and’’. 
SA 2418. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. R OBERTS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 144. PROCUREMENT OF JOINT THREAT EMITTERS FOR AIR NATIONAL GUARD RANGES. 
Of the amounts authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2019 for the Air Force for other procurement for combat training ranges, $40,000,000 shall be available for the procurement of Joint Threat Emitters for Air National Guard ranges— (1) to meet the Air Force Electronic War-fare Range requirements and Air Combat Command’s fielding plan; (2) to meet Air Force Electronic Warfare Range requirements for three additional electronic warfare systems at Air National Guard ranges; and (3) to support F–35 aircraft program train-ing and readiness with threat replication systems to 4th and 5th generation aircraft requirements. 
SA 2419. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. W ARREN , and Ms. C OL-
LINS) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PRESUMPTION OF HERBICIDE EXPO-SURE FOR CERTAIN VETERANS WHO SERVED IN KOREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1116 the following new section: ‘‘§ 1116A. Presumption of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea ‘‘(a) PRESUMPTION OF SERVICE -CONNEC -
TION.—(1) For the purposes of section 1110 of this title, and subject to section 1113 of this title, a disease specified in subsection (b) that becomes manifest as specified in that subsection in a veteran described in para-graph (2) shall be considered to have been in-curred or aggravated in the line of duty in the active military, naval, or air service, notwithstanding that there is no record of evidence of such disease during the period of such service. ‘‘(2) A veteran described in this paragraph is a veteran who, during active military, naval, or air service, served in or near the Korean demilitarized zone (DMZ), during the period beginning on September 1, 1967, and ending on August 31, 1971. ‘‘(b) D
ISEASES .—A disease specified in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) a disease specified in paragraph (2) of subsection (a) of section 1116 of this title that becomes manifest as specified in that paragraph; or ‘‘(2) any additional disease that— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines in regula-tions warrants a presumption of service-con-nection by reason of having positive associa-tion with exposure to an herbicide agent; and ‘‘(B) becomes manifest within any period prescribed in such regulations. ‘‘(c) H
ERBICIDE AGENT .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘herbicide agent’ has the meaning given such term in section 1821(d) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1116 the following new item: ‘‘1116A. Presumption of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea.’’. 
SA 2420. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. 1107. MODIFICATION OF TEMPORARY DI-RECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITIES BASE FACILITIES IN ORDER TO FILL MIS-SION ESSENTIAL POSITIONS AT SUCH FACILITIES. 
Section 1125 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY BY MRTFB F
ACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In fiscal years 2019 through 2021, the authority provided in (a) with respect to the Major Range and Test Facilities Base shall be delegated to the commander of a facility of the Major Range and Test Facilities Base, or the civilian equivalent of the commander at the facility. ‘‘(2) P
OSITION REQUIREMENTS .—An appoint-ment covered by this authority may be made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.064 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3328 June 7, 2018 
when the position to be filled is essential to mission needs as determined by the facility commander, or civilian equivalent. ‘‘(3) T
ERM OF APPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Appointments under this authority may be made on a permanent, term, or temporary basis. ‘‘(B) N
ONCOMPETITIVE CONVERSION TO CA -
REER CONDITIONAL APPOINTMENT .—The com-mander of a facility, or civilian equivalent, may noncompetitively convert an individual appointed to a term or temporary appoint-ment in accordance with this subsection to a career conditional appointment at the facil-ity without regard to the provisions of sub-chapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such title, if the individual meets all eligibility and qualification requirements for the position at the time of conversion.’’. 
SA 2421. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 142, line 18, strike ‘‘separate state-ment’’ and insert ‘‘statement’’. 
SA 2422. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. DETERMINATION OF CERTAIN SERV-ICE IN PHILIPPINES DURING WORLD WAR II. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs and such military historians as the Secretary of Defense considers appro-priate, shall establish a process to determine whether a covered individual served as de-scribed in subsection (a) or (b) of section 107 of title 38, United States Code, for purposes of determining whether such covered indi-vidual is eligible for benefits described in such subsections. (b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—For purposes of this section, a covered individual is any indi-vidual who— (1) claims service described in subsection (a) or (b) of section 107 of title 38, United States Code; and (2) is not included in the Approved Revised Reconstructed Guerilla Roster of 1948, known as the ‘‘Missouri List’’. 
SA 2423. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. THIRD PARTY REVIEW OF APPOINTEES IN VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRA-TION WHO HAD A LICENSE, REG-ISTRATION, OR CERTIFICATION FOR THE PROVISION OF HOSPITAL CARE OR MEDICAL SERVICES REVOKED AND NOTICE TO INDIVIDUALS TREATED BY THOSE APPOINTEES. 
(a) T HIRD PARTY REVIEW .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall enter into a con-tract or other agreement with an organiza-tion that is not part of the Federal Govern-ment to conduct a clinical review of the hos-pital care and medical services furnished by covered individuals. (b) N
OTICE TO PATIENTS TREATED BY COV-
ERED INDIVIDUALS .—With respect to hospital care or medical services furnished by a cov-ered individual under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, if a clinical review determines that an experi-enced, competent practitioner would have managed the care or services differently, the Secretary shall notify any individual who re-ceived such care or services from the covered individual. (c) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this section, a covered individual is an indi-vidual who was appointed to a position in the Veterans Health Administration covered by subsection (b) of section 7402 of title 38, United States Code, in violation of sub-section (f) of such section because the indi-vidual had a license, registration, or certifi-cation applicable to the provision of hospital care or medical services terminated for cause. (d) H
OSPITAL CARE AND MEDICAL SERVICES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the terms ‘‘hos-pital care’’ and ‘‘medical services’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1701 of title 38, United States Code. 
SA 2424. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 323. ANNUAL REPORT ON DIFFERENCES IN SHIP REPAIR CONTRACT AND FINAL DELIVERY COSTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the dif-ferences between the final contract and final delivery cost for each ship repair, including a description of any growth work that was added after the contract award and a de-tailed explanation on why the growth work was not included in original contract pro-posal. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that it is important to create and maintain a stable work load for the defense industrial base at ship repair yards. SA 2425. Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. GRANTS TO PROMOTE MILITARY READI-NESS IN THE PROVISION OF PROS-THETIC AND ORTHOTIC CARE. 
(a) G RANTS REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall award grants to institutions deter-mined by the Secretary to be eligible for the award of such grants in order to enable such institutions to establish or expand an ac-credited master’s degree program in orthotics and prosthetics. (2) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give pri-ority in the award of grants under this sec-tion to institutions that have entered into a partnership with a public sector or private sector orthotics or prosthetics practice that offers students experience in meeting the unique needs of members of the Armed Forces who have experienced limb loss or limb impairment, including by offering clin-ical rotations at such orthotics and pros-thetics practice. (b) A
PPLICATIONS .— (1) R
EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a re-quest for proposals from institutions eligible for grants under this section. (2) A
PPLICATION .—An institution that seeks the award of a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an application therefor at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Sec-retary may require, including— (A) demonstration of a willingness and ability to participate in a partnership de-scribed in subsection (a)(2); and (B) demonstration of an ability to main-tain an accredited orthotics and prosthetics education program after the end of the grant period. (c) G
RANT USES.—An institution awarded a grant under this section shall use grant amounts for any purpose as follows: (1) To establish or expand an accredited orthotics and prosthetics master’s degree program. (2) To conduct training and retain faculty in orthotics and prosthetics education, or re-lated fields, for the purpose of instruction in orthotics and prosthetics programs. (3) To fund faculty research projects or fac-ulty time to undertake research in orthotics and prosthetics for the purpose of furthering their teaching abilities. (4) To conduct minor construction to house orthotics and prosthetics education pro-grams. (5) To acquire equipment for orthotics and prosthetics education. (d) L
IMITATION ON GRANT AMOUNT .—The amount of any grant awarded an institution under this section may not exceed $1,500,000. (e) P
ERIOD OF USE OF FUNDS .—An institu-tion awarded a grant under this section may use the grant amount for a period of three years after the award of the grant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.065 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3329 June 7, 2018 
(f) F UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for the Defense Health Program by section 1405, $15,000,000 may be available to carry out this section. (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The amount available under paragraph (1) shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. 
SA 2426. Mr. VAN HOLLEN sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 316. PRIORITIZATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS FOR FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, AND MODERNIZATION DEMOLITION. 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish prioritization metrics for facilities deemed eligible for demolition within the Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Moderniza-tion (FSRM) process. Those metrics shall in-clude full spectrum readiness and environ-mental impacts, including the removal of contamination. 
SA 2427. Mr. LANKFORD (for him-self, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. B URR, Mr. W ARNER , Mr. G
RAHAM , and Mr. H EINRICH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle ll—Election Security 
SEC. llll1. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Secure Elections Act’’. 
SEC. lll2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Ap-propriations, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence, the majority leader, and the minor-ity leader of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on House Administra-tion, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Speaker, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (2) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The term ‘‘appropriate Federal entities’’ means— (A) the Department of Commerce, includ-ing the National Institute of Standards and Technology; (B) the Department of Defense; (C) the Department, including the compo-nent of the Department that reports to the Under Secretary responsible for overseeing critical infrastructure protection, cybersecu-rity, and other related programs of the De-partment; (D) the Department of Justice, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation; (E) the Commission; and (F) the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the National Security Agency, and such other elements of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) as the Director of National Intelligence deter-mines are appropriate. (3) CHAIRMAN .—The term ‘‘Chairman’’ means the Chairman of the Election Assist-ance Commission. (4) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Election Assistance Commission. (5) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (6) E
LECTION AGENCY .—The term ‘‘election agency’’ means any component of a State or any component of a county, municipality, or other subdivision of a State that is respon-sible for administering Federal elections. (7) E
LECTION CYBERSECURITY INCIDENT .—The term ‘‘election cybersecurity incident’’ means any incident involving an election system. (8) E
LECTION CYBERSECURITY THREAT .—The term ‘‘election cybersecurity threat’’ means any cybersecurity threat (as defined in sec-tion 102 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501)) to an elec-tion system. (9) E
LECTION CYBERSECURITY VULNER -
ABILITY .—The term ‘‘election cybersecurity vulnerability’’ means any security vulner-ability (as defined in section 102 of the Cy-bersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501)) that affects an election sys-tem. (10) E
LECTION SERVICE PROVIDER .—The term ‘‘election service provider’’ means any per-son providing, supporting, or maintaining an election system on behalf of an election agency, such as a contractor or vendor. (11) E
LECTION SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘election system’’ means a voting system, an election management system, a voter registration website or database, an electronic pollbook, a system for tabulating or reporting election results, an election agency communications system, or any other information system (as defined in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code) that the Secretary identifies as central to the management, support, or ad-ministration of a Federal election. (12) F
EDERAL ELECTION .—The term ‘‘Fed-eral election’’ means any election (as defined in section 301(1) of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101(1)) for Fed-eral office (as defined in section 301(3) of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101(3)). (13) F
EDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘Federal entity’’ means any agency (as defined in sec-tion 551 of title 5, United States Code). (14) I
NCIDENT .—The term ‘‘incident’’ has the meaning given the term in section 227(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148(a)). (15) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (16) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands. (17) STATE ELECTION OFFICIAL .—The term ‘‘State election official’’ means— (A) the chief State election official of a State designated under section 10 of the Na-tional Voter Registration Act of 1993 (52 U.S.C. 20509); or (B) in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands, a chief State election official designated by the State for purposes of this Act. (18) S
TATE LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— The term ‘‘State law enforcement officer’’ means the head of a State law enforcement agency, such as an attorney general. (19) V
OTING SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘voting system’’ has the meaning given the term in section 301(b) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21081(b)). 
SEC. llll3. INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF RESPONSIBLE FEDERAL  E
NTITY .—The Secretary shall have primary responsibility within the Federal Govern-ment for sharing information about election cybersecurity incidents, threats, and vulnerabilities with Federal entities and with election agencies. (b) P
RESUMPTION OF FEDERAL INFORMATION  S
HARING TO THE DEPARTMENT .—If a Federal entity receives information about an elec-tion cybersecurity incident, threat, or vul-nerability, the Federal entity shall promptly share that information with the Department, unless the head of the entity (or a Senate- confirmed official designated by the head) makes a specific determination in writing that there is good cause to withhold the par-ticular information. (c) P
RESUMPTION OF FEDERAL AND STATE  I
NFORMATION SHARING FROM THE DEPART -
MENT .—If the Department receives informa-tion about an election cybersecurity inci-dent, threat, or vulnerability, the Depart-ment shall promptly share that information with— (1) the appropriate Federal entities; (2) all State election agencies; (3) to the maximum extent practicable, all election agencies that have requested ongo-ing updates on election cybersecurity inci-dents, threats, or vulnerabilities; and (4) to the maximum extent practicable, all election agencies that may be affected by the risks associated with the particular elec-tion cybersecurity incident, threat, or vul-nerability. (d) T
ECHNICAL RESOURCES FOR ELECTION  A
GENCIES .—In sharing information about election cybersecurity incidents, threats, and vulnerabilities with election agencies under this section, the Department shall, to the maximum extent practicable— (1) provide cyber threat indicators and de-fensive measures (as such terms are defined in section 102 of the Cybersecurity Informa-tion Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501)), such as recommended technical instructions, that assist with preventing, mitigating, and de-tecting threats or vulnerabilities; (2) identify resources available for pro-tecting against, detecting, responding to, and recovering from associated risks, includ-ing technical capabilities of the Department; and (3) provide guidance about further sharing of the information. (e) D
ECLASSIFICATION REVIEW .—If the De-partment receives classified information about an election cybersecurity incident, threat, or vulnerability— (1) the Secretary shall promptly submit a request for expedited declassification review to the head of a Federal entity with author-ity to conduct the review, consistent with Executive Order 13526 or any successor order, unless the Secretary determines that such a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.065 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3330 June 7, 2018 
request would be harmful to national secu-rity; and (2) the head of the Federal entity described in paragraph (1) shall promptly conduct the review. (f) R
OLE OF NON-FEDERAL ENTITIES .—The Department may share information about election cybersecurity incidents, threats, and vulnerabilities through a non-Federal entity. (g) P
ROTECTION OF PERSONAL AND CON-
FIDENTIAL INFORMATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If a Federal entity shares information relating to an election cyberse-curity incident, threat, or vulnerability, the Federal entity shall, within Federal informa-tion systems (as defined in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code) of the entity— (A) minimize the acquisition, use, and dis-closure of personal information of voters, ex-cept as necessary to identify, protect against, detect, respond to, or recover from election cybersecurity incidents, threats, and vulnerabilities; (B) notwithstanding any other provision of law, prohibit the retention of personal infor-mation of voters, such as— (i) voter registration information, includ-ing physical address, email address, and tele-phone number; (ii) political party affiliation or registra-tion information; and (iii) voter history, including registration status or election participation; and (C) protect confidential Federal and State information from unauthorized disclosure. (2) E
XEMPTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—Informa- tion relating to an election cybersecurity in-cident, threat, or vulnerability, such as per-sonally identifiable information of reporting persons or individuals affected by such inci-dent, threat, or vulnerability, shared by or with the Federal Government shall be— (A) deemed voluntarily shared information and exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local provision of law requiring dis-closure of information or records; and (B) withheld, without discretion, from the public under section 552(b)(3)(B) of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local provision of law requiring disclosure of information or records. (h) D
UTYTOASSESS POSSIBLE CYBERSECU -
RITY INCIDENTS .— (1) E
LECTION AGENCIES .—If an election agency becomes aware of the possibility of an election cybersecurity incident, the elec-tion agency shall promptly assess whether an election cybersecurity incident occurred and notify the State election official. (2) E
LECTION SERVICE PROVIDERS .—If an election service provider becomes aware of the possibility of an election cybersecurity incident, the election service provider shall promptly assess whether an election cyberse-curity incident occurred and notify the rel-evant election agencies consistent with sub-section (j). (i) I
NFORMATION SHARING ABOUT CYBERSE -
CURITY INCIDENTS BY ELECTION AGENCIES .—If an election agency has reason to believe that an election cybersecurity incident has oc-curred with respect to an election system owned, operated, or maintained by or on be-half of the election agency, the election agency shall, in the most expedient time pos-sible and without unreasonable delay, pro-vide notification of the election cybersecu-rity incident to the Department. (j) I
NFORMATION SHARING ABOUT CYBERSE -
CURITY INCIDENTS BY ELECTION SERVICE PRO-
VIDERS .—If an election service provider has reason to believe that an election cybersecu-rity incident may have occurred, or that an incident related to the role of the provider as an election service provider may have oc-curred, the election service provider shall— (1) notify the relevant election agencies in the most expedient time possible and with-out unreasonable delay; and (2) cooperate with the election agencies in providing the notifications required under subsections (h)(1) and (i). (k) CONTENT OF NOTIFICATION BY ELECTION  A
GENCIES .—The notifications required under subsections (h)(1) and (i)— (1) shall include an initial assessment of— (A) the date, time, and duration of the election cybersecurity incident; (B) the circumstances of the election cy-bersecurity incident, including the specific election systems believed to have been accessed and information acquired; and (C) planned and implemented technical measures to respond to and recover from the incident; and (2) shall be updated with additional mate-rial information, including technical data, as it becomes available. (l) S
ECURITY CLEARANCE .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary— (1) shall establish an expedited process for providing appropriate security clearance to State election officials and designated tech-nical personnel employed by State election agencies; (2) shall establish an expedited process for providing appropriate security clearance to members of the Commission and designated technical personnel employed by the Com-mission; and (3) shall establish a process for providing appropriate security clearance to personnel at other election agencies. (m) P
ROTECTION FROM LIABILITY .—Nothing in this subtitle may be construed to provide a cause of action against a State, unit of local government, or an election service pro-vider. (n) A
SSESSMENT OF INTER -STATE INFORMA -
TION SHARING ABOUT ELECTION CYBERSECU -
RITY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the Chairman, in coordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities and appro-priate officials of State and local govern-ments, shall conduct an assessment of— (A) the structure and functioning of the Multi-State Information Sharing and Anal-ysis Center for purposes of election cyberse-curity; and (B) other mechanisms for inter-state infor-mation sharing about election cybersecurity. (2) C
OMMENT FROM ELECTION AGENCIES .—In carrying out the assessment required under paragraph (1), the Secretary and the Chair-man shall solicit and consider comments from all State election agencies. (3) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary and the Chairman shall jointly issue the assessment required under paragraph (1) to— (A) all election agencies known to the De-partment and the Commission; and (B) the appropriate congressional commit-tees. (o) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an appropriate Federal entity has reason to believe that a signifi-cant election cybersecurity incident has oc-curred, the entity shall— (A) not later than 7 calendar days after the date on which there is a reasonable basis to conclude that the significant incident has occurred, provide notification of the incident to the appropriate congressional commit-tees; and (B) update the initial notification under paragraph (1) within a reasonable period of time after additional information relating to the incident is discovered. (2) R
EPORTING THRESHOLD .—The Secretary shall— (A) promulgate a uniform definition of a ‘‘significant election cybersecurity inci-dent’’; and (B) shall submit the definition promul-gated under subparagraph (A) to the appro-priate congressional committees. SEC. llll4. ELECTION SECURITY AND ELEC-TION AUDIT GUIDELINES. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT BY TECHNICAL ADVISORY  B
OARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) A
DDITIONAL DUTIES .—Section 221(b)(1) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20961(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘in the development of the voluntary voting sys-tem guidelines’’ and inserting ‘‘in the devel-opment of— ‘‘(A) the voluntary voting system guide-lines; ‘‘(B) the election security guidelines in ac-cordance with paragraph (3); and ‘‘(C) the election audit guidelines in ac-cordance with paragraph (4).’’. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Sections 202(1) and 207(3) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20922(1) and 20927(3)) are each amended by striking ‘‘voting system’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERSHIP AND RENAMING  
OF TECHNICAL GUIDELINES DEVELOPMENT COM -
MITTEE .— (A) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERSHIP .—Section 221(c)(1) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20961(c)(1)) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘14’’ and inserting ‘‘18’’; and (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (I) and by inserting after sub-paragraph (D) the following new subpara-graphs: ‘‘(E) A representative of the Department of Homeland Security. ‘‘(F) A representative of the Election Infra-structure Information Sharing and Analysis Center. ‘‘(G) A representative of the National Asso-ciation of State Chief Information Officers. ‘‘(H) A representative of State election in-formation technology directors selected by the National Association of Secretaries of State.’’. (B) R
ENAMING OF COMMITTEE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Section 221(a) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20961(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Technical Guide-lines Development Committee (hereafter in this part referred to as the ‘Development Committee’)’’ and inserting ‘‘Technical Ad-visory Board’’. (ii) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (I) Section 201 of such Act (52 U.S.C. 20921) is amended by striking ‘‘Technical Guide-lines Development Committee’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Technical Advisory Board’’. (II) Section 221 of such Act (52 U.S.C. 20921) is amended by striking ‘‘Development Com-mittee’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Technical Advisory Board’’. (III) Section 222(b) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 20962(b)) is amended— (aa) by striking ‘‘Technical Guidelines De-velopment Committee’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘Technical Advisory Board’’, (bb) by striking ‘‘D
EVELOPMENT COM-
MITTEE ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘T ECH-
NICAL ADVISORY BOARD ’’, and (IV) Section 271(e) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 21041(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘Technical Guidelines Development Committee’’ and in-serting ‘‘Technical Advisory Board’’. (V) Section 281(d) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 21051(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘Technical Guidelines Development Committee’’ and in-serting ‘‘Technical Advisory Board’’. (VI) The heading for section 221 of such Act (52 U.S.C. 20961) is amended by striking ‘‘
TECHNICAL GUIDELINES DEVELOPMENT COM -
MITTEE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ TECHNICAL ADVISORY  
BOARD ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.066 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3331 June 7, 2018 
(VII) The heading for part 3 of subtitle A of title II of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘
TECHNICAL GUIDELINES DEVELOPMENT COM -
MITTEE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ TECHNICAL ADVISORY  
BOARD ’’. (VIII) The items relating to section 221 and part 3 of title II in the table of contents of such Act are each amended by striking ‘‘Technical Guidelines Development Com-mittee’’ and inserting ‘‘Technical Advisory Board’’. (b) G
UIDELINES .— (1) E
LECTION SECURITY GUIDELINES .—Sec- tion 221(b) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20961(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) E
LECTION SECURITY GUIDELINES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The election security guidelines shall contain guidelines for elec-tion cybersecurity, including standards for procuring, maintaining, testing, operating, and updating election systems. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In developing the guidelines, the Technical Advisory Board shall— ‘‘(i) identify the top risks to election sys-tems; ‘‘(ii) describe how specific technology choices can increase or decrease those risks; and ‘‘(iii) provide recommended policies, best practices, and overall security strategies for identifying, protecting against, detecting, responding to, and recovering from the risks identified under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) I
SSUES CONSIDERED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In developing the elec-tion security guidelines, the Technical Advi-sory Board shall consider— ‘‘(I) applying established cybersecurity best practices to Federal election adminis-tration by States and local governments, in-cluding appropriate technologies, proce-dures, and personnel for identifying, pro-tecting against, detecting, responding to, and recovering from cybersecurity events; ‘‘(II) providing actionable guidance to elec-tion agencies that seek to implement addi-tional cybersecurity protections; and ‘‘(III) any other factors that the Technical Advisory Board determines to be relevant. ‘‘(D) R
ELATIONSHIP TO VOLUNTARY VOTING  
SYSTEM GUIDELINES AND NATIONAL INSTITUTE  
OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY CYBERSECU -
RITY GUIDANCE .—In developing the election security guidelines, the Technical Advisory Board shall consider— ‘‘(i) the voluntary voting system guide-lines; and ‘‘(ii) cybersecurity standards and best practices developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, including frameworks, consistent with section 2(c) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(c)).’’. (2) A
UDIT GUIDELINES .—Section 221(b) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 20961(b)), as amended by paragraph (1), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E
LECTION AUDIT GUIDELINES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The election audit guidelines shall include provisions regarding voting systems and statistical audits for Federal elections, including that— ‘‘(i) each vote is cast using a voting system that allows the voter an opportunity to in-spect and confirm the marked ballot before casting it (consistent with accessibility re-quirements); and ‘‘(ii) each election result is determined by tabulating marked ballots (by hand or de-vice), and prior to the date on which the win-ning Federal candidate in the election is sworn into office, election agencies within the State inspect (by hand and not by device) a random sample of the marked ballots and thereby establish high statistical confidence in the election result. ‘‘(B) ISSUES CONSIDERED .—In developing the election audit guidelines, the Technical Ad-visory Board shall consider— ‘‘(i) specific types of election audits, in-cluding procedures and shortcomings for such audits; ‘‘(ii) mechanisms to verify that election systems accurately tabulate ballots, report results, and identify a winner for each elec-tion for Federal office, even if there is an error or fault in the voting system; ‘‘(iii) durational requirements needed to facilitate election audits in a timely manner that allows for confidence in the outcome of the election prior to the swearing-in of a Federal candidate, including variations in the acceptance of postal ballots, time al-lowed to cure provisional ballots, and elec-tion certification deadlines; ‘‘(iv) how the guidelines could assist other components of State and local governments; and ‘‘(v) any other factors that the Technical Advisory Board to be relevant.’’. (3) D
EADLINES .—Section 221(b)(2) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 20961(b)(2)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The Development’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) V
OLUNTARY VOTING SYSTEM GUIDE -
LINES .—The Development’’; (B) by striking ‘‘this section’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) E
LECTION SECURITY AND ELECTION  
AUDIT GUIDELINES .— ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL GUIDELINES .—The Technical Advisory Board shall provide its initial set of recommendations under subparagraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1) to the Executive Di-rector not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Secure Elections Act. ‘‘(ii) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—Not later than Jan-uary 31, 2020, and once every 2 years there-after, the Technical Advisory Board shall re-view and update the guidelines described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1).’’. (c) P
ROCESS FOR ADOPTION .— (1) P
UBLICATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— Section 221(f) of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20961(f)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘At the time the Commis-sion’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) V
OLUNTARY VOTING SYSTEM GUIDE -
LINES .—At the time the Commission’’; and. (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) E
LECTION SECURITY AND ELECTION AUDIT  
GUIDELINES .—The Technical Advisory Board shall— ‘‘(A) provide a reasonable opportunity for public comment, including through Commis-sion publication in the Federal Register, on the guidelines required under subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (b)(1), including a 45-day opportunity for public comment on a draft of the guidelines before they are sub-mitted to Congress under section 223(a), which shall, to the extent practicable, occur concurrently with the other activities of the Technical Advisory Board under this section with respect to such guidelines; and ‘‘(B) consider the public comments in de-veloping the guidelines.’’. (2) A
DOPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Part 3 of subtitle A of title II of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 20961 et seq.) is amended— (i) by inserting ‘‘
OF VOLUNTARY VOTING  
GUIDELINES ’’ after ‘‘ ADOPTION ’’ in the heading of section 222; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 223. PROCESS FOR ADOPTION OF ELEC-TION SECURITY AND ELECTION AUDIT GUIDELINES. 
‘‘(a) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 14 cal-endar days after the date on which the Com-mission receives recommendations for the guidelines required described in subpara-graphs (B) and (C) of section 221(b)(1), the Commission shall submit the guidelines to the appropriate congressional committees. ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATION .—The Commission may modify the guidelines in advance of submis-sion to Congress if— ‘‘(A) the Commission determines that there is good cause to modify the guidelines, consistent with the considerations estab-lished in paragraphs (3) or (4) of section 221(b) (as the case may be) and notwith-standing the recommendation of the Tech-nical Advisory Board; and ‘‘(B) the Commission submits a written justification of the modification to the Tech-nical Advisory Board and the appropriate congressional committees. ‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION TO ELECTION AGENCIES .— The Commission shall distribute the guide-lines described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 221(b)(1) (b) to all election agencies known to the Commission. ‘‘(c) P
UBLICATION .—The Commission shall make the guidelines described in subpara-graphs (B) and (C) of section 221(b)(1) (b) available on the public website of the Com-mission. ‘‘(d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Ap-propriations, the Select Committee on Intel-ligence, the majority leader, and the minor-ity leader of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on House Administra-tion, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Speaker, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to subject the process for developing the guidelines de-scribed in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of sec-tion 221(b)(1) to subchapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Administrative Procedure Act’).’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 222 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 223. Process for adoption of election security and election audit guidelines.’’. 
SEC. llll5. REQUIREMENT TO CONDUCT POST-ELECTION AUDITS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subtitle A of title III of the Help America Vote Act of 2002 (52 U.S.C. 21081 et seq.) is amended— (A) by redesignating sections 304 and 305 as sections 305 and 306, respectively; and (B) by inserting after section 303 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 304. POST-ELECTION AUDITS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State and jurisdic-tion shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a post-election audit of each election for Federal office through the in-spection of a random sample of marked bal-lots of sufficient quantity to establish high statistical confidence in the election result; and ‘‘(2) provide reports to the Election Assist-ance Commission on the details of the audits conducted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) T
IME FOR COMPLETING AUDIT.—The audit required by subsection (a) shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.066 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3332 June 7, 2018 
completed in a timely manner to ensure confiedence in the outcome of the election and before the date on which the winning candidate in the election is sworn into office. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), each State and jurisdic-tion shall be required to comply with the re-quirements of this section for the regularly scheduled general election for Federal office held in November 2020, and each subsequent election for Federal office. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—If a State or jurisdiction cer-tifies to the Commission not later than No-vember 1, 2020, that the State or jurisdiction will not meet the deadline described in sub-paragraph (A) for good cause and includes in the certification the reasons for the failure to meet such deadline, subparagraph (A) shall apply to the State or jurisdiction as if the reference in such subparagraph to ‘No-vember 2020’ were a reference to ‘November 2022’.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of such Act is amended— (A) by redesignating the items relating to sections 304 and 305 as relating to sections 305 and 306, respectively; and (B) by inserting after the item relating to section 303 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 304. Post-election audits.’’. (b) R
EPORTING .—The Election Assistance Commission shall submit reports to Congress on the information provided to the Commis-sion under section 304(a)(2) of the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). Such reports shall be submitted concur-rently with the reports required under sec-tion 9(a)(3) of the National Voter Registra-tion Act of 1993. 
SEC. llll6. REPORTS TO CONGRESS ON FOR-EIGN THREATS TO ELECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and 30 days after the end of each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary and the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities, shall submit a joint report to the appro-priate congressional committees on foreign threats to elections in the United States, in-cluding physical and cybersecurity threats. (b) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION BY STATES .— The Secretary shall solicit and consider comments from all State election agencies. Participation by an election agency in the report under this subsection shall be vol-untary and at the discretion of the State. 
SA 2428. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. ESTABLISHMENT OF COMBINED MAR-ITIME TASK FORCE PACIFIC. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall establish a task force, to be known as the Combined Maritime Task Force Pacific, to protect a free and open Indo-Pacific maritime region. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In establishing the task force under subsection (a), the Presi-dent shall seek the participation of partner nations that are interested in goals of the task force. (c) LEADERSHIP .—The United States Navy shall lead the task force established under subsection (a). 
SA 2429. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. TREATMENT OF RWANDAN PATRI-OTIC FRONT AND RWANDAN PATRI-OTIC ARMY UNDER IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT. 
(a) R EMOVAL OF TREATMENT AS TERRORIST  O
RGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Rwandan Patriotic Front and the Rwandan Patriotic Army shall be ex-cluded from the definition of terrorist orga-nization (as defined in section 212(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III))) for purposes of such section 212(a)(3)(B) for any period before Au-gust 1, 1994. (2) E
XCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security and the Attorney General, or the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, as applicable, may suspend the application of paragraph (1) for the Rwandan Patriotic Front or the Rwan-dan Patriotic Army in the sole and unreviewable discretion of such applicable Secretary. (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than, or contem-poraneously with, a suspension of paragraph (1) under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, as applicable, shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the justification for such suspension. (b) R
ELIEF FROMINADMISSIBILITY .— (1) A
CTIVITIES BEFORE AUGUST 1 , 1994.—Sec- tion 212(a)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)) shall not apply to an alien with respect to any activ-ity undertaken by the alien in association with the Rwandan Patriotic Front or the Rwandan Patriotic Army before August 1, 1994. (2) E
XCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply if the Secretary of State or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, as applicable, determines in the sole unreviewable discre-tion of such applicable Secretary that, in the totality of the circumstances, such alien— (i) poses a threat to the safety and security of the United States; or (ii) does not merit a visa, admission to the United States, or a grant of an immigration benefit or protection. (B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall be implemented by the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Attorney Gen-eral. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SA 2430. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. BRIEFING ON PROCUREMENT PLAN FOR ACQUIRED POSITION NAVIGA-TION AND TIMING (APNT) SOLUTION. 
Not later than September 1, 2018, the Sec-retary of the Army, in coordination with the Director of the Army’s Acquired Position Navigation and Timing (APNT) Cross Func-tional Team (CFT) pilot, shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing that outlines potential courses of action to begin immediate procurement of APNT sys-tems, subject to successful test and evalua-tion. 
SA 2431. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON THE CAPABILITIES AND ACTIVITIES OF THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA AND OTHER VIO-LENT EXTREMIST GROUPS IN SOUTHEAST ASIA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth an assessment of the current and future capabilities and activities of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and other violent extremist groups in Southeast Asia. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the following: (1) The current number of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria fighters in Southeast Asia. (2) The estimated number of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria fighters expected to return to Southeast Asia from fighting in the Mid-dle East. (3) The current resources available to com-bat the threat of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in Southeast Asia, and the addi-tional resources required to combat that threat. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.066 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3333 June 7, 2018 
(4) A detailed assessment of the capabili-ties of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria to operate effectively in countries such as the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia. (5) A description of the capabilities and re-sources of governments of countries in Southeast Asia to counter violent extremist groups. (6) A list of additional United States re-sources and capabilities that the Department of Defense recommends providing to govern-ments in Southeast Asia to combat violent extremist groups. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2432. Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. D AINES , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. M ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 706. MODIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR TRICARE RESERVE SELECT OF CER-TAIN MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RESERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1076d(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), a member’’ and inserting ‘‘A member’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the costs of carrying out the amendments made by this section, if any, will be offset. 
SA 2433. Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , and Mr. L ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle H—Support for the People of Iran 
SEC. 1281. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Contin-ued Support for the Iranian People Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1282. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The protests that began on December 28, 2017, in Iran (in this subtitle referred to as ‘‘the protests’’) were instigated and sup-ported by a diverse demographic of Iranian citizens, especially including the poor and economically disenfranchised populations across the country, located in both rural and urban areas. (2) Rather than invest in the legitimate economy and future of the Iranian people, the Government of Iran budgeted billions of dollars to continue supporting illegitimate armed groups and terrorists in the region, primarily through its Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC). (3) The Government of Iran has arrested at least 4,500 individuals for participating in the protests, at least 490 of whom remain in custody, according to news reports. (4) According to Reuters, Iranian Deputy Interior Minister Hossein Zolfaghari stated on January 1, 2018, that ‘‘more than 90 per-cent of the people arrested in these unrests were young people and teenagers under the age of 25 and virtually none of them have any arrest history’’. (5) On January 8, 2018, Hamid Shahriari, deputy head of the Government of Iran’s ju-diciary, said that ‘‘those who organized and led the unrest against the establishment can expect the maximum penalty,’’ according to the Iranian Students News Agency (ISNA), as reported by Radio Free Europe/Radio Lib-erty. (6) Three detained prisoners were reported to have ‘‘committed suicide’’ in Iranian pris-ons since their incarceration, including Ira-nian-Canadian academic Kavous Seyed- Emami. (7) The Iranian Security Forces have killed over 20 individuals during the protests, in-cluding 13-year-old Armin Sadeghi. (8) The Government of Iran has consist-ently blocked Internet access and use of communications applications like Telegram and Instagram. As of January 31, 2018, pro-tests continue throughout Iran, with dem-onstrations in the city of Ahvaz on January 23, 2018, and four more cities in the days since. SEC. 1283. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
Congress— (1) strongly condemns the Government of Iran for its human rights violations against the people of Iran during and in the wake of the protests; (2) urges the President to continue to pub-licly— (A) condemn the Government of Iran for its human rights abuses against the Iranian people; and (B) support the human rights, economic prosperity, and democratic aspirations of the Iranian people; (3) reaffirms the right of the people of Iran to the freedom of speech and assembly in the face of oppression perpetrated by the Gov-ernment of Iran; and (4) supports the right of the people of Iran to a democratic system of governance. 
SEC. 1284. STATEMENT OF UNITED STATES POL-ICY. 
It is the policy of the United States— (1) to condemn the Government of Iran’s violations of its citizens’ human rights, free-dom of religious expression, and freedom of speech, including state-sanctioned violence against peaceful protestors; (2) to support, through appropriate actions and official public statements, the people of Iran in their fight for freedom and pros-perity; and (3) to work with international allies and partners to monitor and effectively respond to the protests in Iran in a manner that sup-ports the human rights and democratic aspi-rations of the people of Iran and deters the Government of Iran from committing con-tinued acts of oppression and persecution against its citizens. SEC. 1285. REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) U SE OF SOCIAL MEDIA.— (1) S
TRATEGY .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Com-merce and the Office of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, shall work with relevant social media and telecommunications com-panies, Internet service providers, and expert public stakeholders, as appropriate, to de-velop a strategy consisting of potential gov-ernment and private sector actions and best practices for preventing the Government of Iran from shutting down Internet access and blocking access to social media applications. (2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an unclassified report, which may contain a classified annex, containing the strategy de-scribed in paragraph (1). (b) M
ODIFICATION OF ANNUAL HUMAN RIGHTS  R
EPORT .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—As part of the first Annual Country Report on Human Rights submitted after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Sec-retary of the Treasury, in consultation with other appropriate Federal agencies, shall in-clude an unclassified report documenting the actions of the Government of Iran, the Ira-nian Revolutionary Court, the Iranian Revo-lutionary Guard Corps, and their proxies in response to the protests that began on De-cember 28, 2017. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an appendix detailing the cir-cumstances of the incarcerations undertaken by the Government of Iran during this period and the treatment of prisoners; and (B) an appendix, which may contain a clas-sified annex, detailing the sources and mech-anisms used by the Government of Iran, the IRGC, and its proxies to fund its actions in response to the protests. (3) R
EQUIRED BRIEFING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and upon publication of the report de-scribed in paragraph (1), the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury shall brief, in an unclassified and classified format, if necessary, the appropriate con-gressional committees on the information required by the report described in para-graph (1). 
SEC. 1286. APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-MITTEES DEFINED. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘appropriate con-gressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2434. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.067 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3334 June 7, 2018 
Subtitle H—Iran Sanctions 
SEC. 1281. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps Economic Exclu-sion Act’’. 
SEC. 1282. ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO FOREIGN PERSONS THAT ARE OFFICIALS, AGENTS, OR AFFILI-ATES OF, OR OWNED OR CON-TROLLED BY, IRAN’S REVOLU-TIONARY GUARD CORPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 301(a) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8741(a)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and as ap-propriate thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps Economic Exclusion Act, and every 180 days thereafter,’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, or owned or controlled by,’’ after ‘‘affiliates of’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) identify foreign persons with respect to which there is a reasonable basis to deter-mine that the foreign persons have, directly or indirectly, conducted one or more sen-sitive transactions or activities described in subsection (c) for or on behalf of a foreign person described in paragraph (1).’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION ; PRIORITY FOR INVES -
TIGATION ; R EPORTS .—Section 301(b) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8741(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION ; PRIORITY FOR INVES -
TIGATION ; REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION .—In identifying foreign persons pursuant to subsection (a)(1) as owned or controlled by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, the President is authorized to identify foreign persons in which Iran’s Rev-olutionary Guard Corps has an ownership in-terest of less than 50 percent. ‘‘(2) P
RIORITY FOR INVESTIGATION .—In iden- tifying foreign persons pursuant to sub-section (a)(1) as officials, agents, or affiliates of, or owned or controlled by, Iran’s Revolu-tionary Guard Corps, the President shall in-vestigate— ‘‘(A) foreign persons identified under sec-tion 560.304 of title 31, Code of Federal Regu-lations (relating to the definition of the Gov-ernment of Iran); and ‘‘(B) foreign persons for which there is a reasonable basis to find that the person has conducted or attempted to conduct one or more sensitive transactions or activities de-scribed in subsection (c). ‘‘(3) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall de-termine whether each foreign person de-scribed in clause (ii) is owned or controlled by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps. ‘‘(ii) F
OREIGN PERSONS DESCRIBED .—The for- eign persons described in this clause are the following: ‘‘(I) The Telecommunication Company of Iran. ‘‘(II) The Mobile Telecommunication Com-pany of Iran (MTCI). ‘‘(III) The Calcimin Public Company. ‘‘(IV) The Iran Tractor Manufacturing Company. ‘‘(V) The Iran Tractor Motors Manufac-turing Company. ‘‘(VI) The Iran Zinc Mines Development Company. ‘‘(VII) The National Iranian Lead and Zinc Company. ‘‘(VIII) The Iran Mineral Products Com-pany. ‘‘(IX) Tosee Energy Paivaran Company. ‘‘(B) REPORT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps Economic Exclusion Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the determinations made under subparagraph (A) together with the reasons for those determinations. ‘‘(ii) F
ORM.—A report submitted under clause (i) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL REPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps Economic Exclusion Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes a detailed list of foreign persons in which there is a reasonable basis to determine that Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps has an ownership interest of not less than 33 percent. ‘‘(B) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-paragraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form but may contain a classified annex.’’. (c) S
ENSITIVE TRANSACTIONS AND ACTIVITIES  D
ESCRIBED .—Section 301(c) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8741(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘Iranian financial institu-tion or’’ after ‘‘involving a’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (6), (7), and (8), respec-tively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) a transaction to provide material sup-port for an organization designated as a for-eign terrorist organization under section 219(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)) or support for an act of international terrorism (as defined in sec-tion 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note)); ‘‘(4) a transaction to provide material sup-port to a foreign person whose property and interests in property have been blocked pur-suant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and pro-hibiting transactions with persons who com-mit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism); ‘‘(5) a transaction to provide material sup-port for— ‘‘(A) the Government of Syria or any agen-cy or instrumentality thereof; or ‘‘(B) any entity owned or controlled by the Government of Syria, including for purposes of post-conflict reconstruction;’’. (d) W
AIVER OF IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— Section 301(e) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8741(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(A) determines’’ and in-serting ‘‘(A)(i) determines’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(B) submits’’ and inserting ‘‘(ii) submits’’; (C) by striking ‘‘(i) identifies’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(I) identifies’’; (D) by striking ‘‘(ii) sets’’ and inserting ‘‘(II) sets’’; (E) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) with respect to a foreign person iden-tified under subsection (a)(3) by reason of having conducted or attempted to conduct one or more sensitive transactions or activi-ties described in subsection (c)(5), also cer-tifies to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps is significantly decreasing provision of direct or indirect material support to the Government of Syria or Hezbollah’s oper-ations in Syria.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(ii)’’. (e) REGULATIONS , IMPLEMENTATION , P EN-
ALTIES , ANDDEFINITIONS .—Section 301 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8741) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘foreign person’ means— ‘‘(A) an individual who is not a United States person; ‘‘(B) a corporation, partnership, or other nongovernmental entity that is not a United States person; or ‘‘(C) any representative, agent, or instru-mentality of, or an individual working on be-half of, a foreign government. ‘‘(2) I
RAN’S REVOLUTIONARY GUARD CORPS .— The term ‘Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps’ includes any senior foreign political figure (as defined in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations) of Iran’s Revolu-tionary Guard Corps.’’. (f) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .—The Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8701 et seq.) is amended— (1) by striking the heading of section 301 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 301. IDENTIFICATION OF, AND IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO, FOREIGN PERSONS THAT ARE OFFI-CIALS, AGENTS, OR AFFILIATES OF, OR OWNED OR CONTROLLED BY, IRAN’S REVOLUTIONARY GUARD CORPS.’’; 
and (2) in the table of contents, by striking the item relating to section 301 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 301. Identification of, and imposition of sanctions with respect to, foreign persons that are offi-cials, agents, or affiliates of, or owned or controlled by, Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps.’’. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to conduct described in section 301(a) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, as amended by this section, engaged in on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1283. ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO FOREIGN PERSONS THAT SUPPORT OR CONDUCT CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS WITH IRAN’S REVO-LUTIONARY GUARD CORPS OR OTHER SANCTIONED PERSONS. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION .—Section 302(a)(1) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8742(a)(1))— (1) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, or provide significant fi-nancial services to,’’ after ‘‘transactions with’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, provide significant financial services to, or provide material support to’’ after ‘‘transactions with’’; (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (C) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.068 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3335 June 7, 2018 
‘‘(ii) an Iranian person— ‘‘(I) designated as foreign terrorist organi-zations under section 219(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)); or ‘‘(II) that has provided support for an act of international terrorism (as defined in sec-tion 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note)); ‘‘(iii) an Iranian person whose property and interests in property have been blocked pur-suant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and pro-hibiting transactions with persons who com-mit, threaten to commit, or support ter-rorism); ‘‘(iv) an Iranian person whose property and interests in property have been blocked pur-suant to— ‘‘(I) Executive Order 13608 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to prohibiting certain trans-actions with and suspending entry into the United States of foreign sanctions evaders with respect to Iran and Syria); ‘‘(II) Executive Order 13606 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property and suspending entry into the United States of certain persons with respect to grave human rights abuses by the Governments of Iran and Syria via information technology); ‘‘(III) Executive Order 13582 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of the Government of Syria and prohibiting certain transactions with respect to Syria); ‘‘(IV) Executive Order 13573 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of senior officials of the Government of Syria); ‘‘(V) Executive Order 13572 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of certain persons with respect to human rights abuses in Syria); ‘‘(VI) Executive Order 13460 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of addi-tional persons in connection with the na-tional emergency with respect to Syria); ‘‘(VII) Executive Order 13399 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of addi-tional persons in connection with the na-tional emergency with respect to Syria); ‘‘(VIII) Executive Order 13338 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property of certain persons and prohibiting the export of certain goods to Syria); or ‘‘(IX) any other Executive order adopted on or after the date of the enactment of the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps Economic Exclusion Act, to the extent that such Exec-utive order imposes sanctions with respect to Syria; or ‘‘(v) a person acting on behalf of or at the direction of, or owned or controlled by, a person described in clauses (i) through (iv).’’. (b) I
MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—Section 302(b) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8742(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Presi-dent—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the President shall block and prohibit all transactions in property and interests in property of the foreign person if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person.’’. (c) W
AIVER OF IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— Section 302(d) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8742(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(A)(i) determines’’ and in-serting ‘‘(A)(i)(I) determines’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(ii) determines’’ and in-serting ‘‘(II) determines’’; (C) by striking ‘‘(B) submits’’ and inserting ‘‘(ii) submits’’; (D) by striking ‘‘(i) identifies’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(I) identifies’’; (E) by striking ‘‘(ii) describes’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(II) describes’’; (F) by striking ‘‘(iii) sets forth’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(III) sets forth’’; (G) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (H) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) with respect to a foreign person iden-tified under subsection (a)(1) by reason of having engaged in a significant transaction or transactions with, or provided significant financial services or material support to, an Iranian person described in subparagraph (C)(iv) of that subsection, also certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps is sig-nificantly decreasing provision of direct or indirect material support to the Government of Syria or Hezbollah’s operations in Syria.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(ii)’’. (d) WAIVER OF IDENTIFICATIONS AND DES-
IGNATIONS .—Section 302(e) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8742(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and subject to paragraph (2)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(1) determines’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(1)(A) determines’’; (3) by striking ‘‘(2) notifies’’ and inserting ‘‘(B) notifies’’; (4) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) with respect to a foreign person identi-fied under subsection (a)(1) by reason of hav-ing engaged in a significant transaction or transactions with, or provided significant fi-nancial services or material support to, an Iranian person described in subparagraph (C)(iv) of that subsection, also certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps is sig-nificantly decreasing provision of direct or indirect material support to the Government of Syria or Hezbollah’s operations in Syria.’’. (e) I
RANIAN PERSON DEFINED .—Section 302 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8742) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) I
RANIAN PERSON DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘Iranian person’ means— ‘‘(1) an individual who is a citizen or na-tional of Iran; and ‘‘(2) an entity organized under the laws of Iran or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of the Government of Iran.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply with respect to conduct described in section 302(a)(1) of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, as amended by this section, engaged in on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1284. REPORTS ON CERTAIN IRANIAN PER-SONS. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the United States to fully imple-ment and enforce sanctions against Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, including its of-ficials, agents, and affiliates. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title III of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–158; 126 Stat. 1247) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 313. REPORT ON CERTAIN IRANIAN PER-SONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps Economic Exclusion Act, and annually thereafter until the date that is 2 years after such date of en-actment, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that contains the following: ‘‘(1) A list of foreign persons listed on the Tehran Stock Exchange and, with respect to each such foreign person, a determination of whether or not Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps or any foreign persons that are offi-cials, agents, or affiliates of Iran’s Revolu-tionary Guard Corps, directly or indirectly, owns or controls the foreign person. ‘‘(2) A list of foreign persons that are oper-ating business enterprises in Iran that have a valuation of more than $100,000,000 in Iran and, with respect to each such foreign per-son, a determination of whether or not Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps or any foreign persons that are officials, agents, or affili-ates of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, di-rectly or indirectly, owns or controls the for-eign person. ‘‘(3) A list of Iranian financial institutions that have a valuation of more than $10,000,000 and, with respect to each such Ira-nian financial institution, a determination of whether or not— ‘‘(A) the institution has knowingly facili-tated a significant transaction directly or in-directly for, or on behalf of, Iran’s Revolu-tionary Guard Corps during the 2-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps Eco-nomic Exclusion Act; or ‘‘(B) Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps or any foreign persons that are officials, agents, or affiliates of Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, directly or indirectly, owns or con-trols the institution. ‘‘(b) FORM OF REPORT ; P UBLIC AVAIL-
ABILITY .— ‘‘(1) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The unclassi-fied portion of the report required by para-graph (1) shall be posted on a publicly avail-able Internet website of the Department of the Treasury and a publicly available Inter-net website of the Department of State. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘foreign person’ means— ‘‘(A) an individual who is not a United States person; ‘‘(B) a corporation, partnership, or other nongovernmental entity that is not a United States person; or ‘‘(C) any representative, agent, or instru-mentality of, or an individual working on be-half of, a foreign government. ‘‘(2) I
RAN’S REVOLUTIONARY GUARD CORPS .— The term ‘Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps’ includes any senior foreign political figure (as defined in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations) of Iran’s Revolu-tionary Guard Corps. ‘‘(3) I
RANIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘Iranian financial institution’ means— ‘‘(A) a financial institution organized under the laws of Iran or any jurisdiction within Iran, including a foreign branch of such an institution; ‘‘(B) a financial institution located in Iran; ‘‘(C) a financial institution, wherever lo-cated, owned or controlled by the Govern-ment of Iran; or ‘‘(D) a financial institution, wherever lo-cated, owned or controlled by a financial in-stitution described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C). ‘‘(4) S
IGNIFICANT TRANSACTION .—A trans- action shall be determined to be a ‘signifi-cant transaction’ in accordance with section 561.404 of title 31, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
‘‘SEC. 314. REPORT ON THE FOREIGN SUPPLY CHAIN AND DOMESTIC SUPPLY CHAIN INSIDE AND OUTSIDE OF IRAN THAT AIDS IRAN’S REVOLU-TIONARY GUARD CORPS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard Corps Economic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.068 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3336 June 7, 2018 
Exclusion Act, the President shall submit a report on the foreign supply chain and do-mestic supply chain inside and outside of Iran that directly or indirectly significantly facilitates, supports, or otherwise aids Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps to— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. ‘‘(b) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: ‘‘(1) An analysis of the foreign supply chain and domestic supply chain described in sub-section (a). ‘‘(2) Persons that conduct both primary ac-tivities and support activities for the Iran’s Revolutionary Guards Corps. ‘‘(3) A description of the geographic dis-tribution of the foreign supply chain and do-mestic supply chain described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 312 the following: ‘‘Sec. 313. Report on certain Iranian persons. ‘‘Sec. 314. Report on the foreign supply chain and domestic supply chain inside and outside of Iran that aids Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps.’’. 
SEC. 1285. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON PREVEN-TION OF ACCESSION OF IRAN TO WORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall be the policy of the United States to work to prevent Iran’s membership in the World Trade Organization and similar international bodies until the date on which the determination of the Sec-retary of State that the Government of Iran has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism under the provisions of law described in subsection (b) is re-scinded. (b) P
ROVISIONS OF LAWDESCRIBED .—The provisions of law described in this subsection are— (1) section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); (2) section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)); (3) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or (4) any other provision of law. 
SEC. 1286. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON IRANIAN- DIRECTED AND SPONSORED VIO-LENCE AGAINST UNARMED CIVIL-IANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall be the policy of the United States to respond to the Govern-ment of Iran’s targeted violence toward ci-vilians, whether such violence— (1) takes place inside Iran or elsewhere; and (2) is conducted directly by that Govern-ment or its military or proxies or by direct accommodation through intermediaries or other agents. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—To achieve the pol-icy set forth in subsection (a), the United States shall— (1) condemn support for terrorism by the Government of Iran or its military or prox-ies, whether provided directly or through sponsor organizations such as Hezbollah; (2) condemn the support or accommodation by the Government of Iran or its military or proxies for any acts of violence against un-armed civilians, whether provided— (A) within the borders of Iran or elsewhere; (B) directly or through intermediaries; (C) proactively or by accommodation; or (D) through conventional or nonconven-tional methods; (3) work with international partners to de-velop steps and tools to exert pressure on the Government of Iran and its military and proxies in response to incidents of violence targeting unarmed civilians; and (4) take steps to facilitate entry of rep-resentatives of the International Committee of the Red Cross, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, and the United Nations Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights defenders to in-spect and respond to particular incidents of such violence in a timely fashion. SEC. 1287. EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTA-TION OF GOODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authorities and re-quirements to impose sanctions under this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle shall not include the authority or a requirement to impose sanctions on the im-portation of goods. (b) G
OOD DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘good’’ has the meaning given that term in section 16 of the Export Administra-tion Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). 
SA 2435. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. HOUSING CHOICE VOUCHER MOBILITY DEMONSTRATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
AMILIES ; PUBLIC HOUSING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘public housing agency’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3(b) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)). (2) H
OUSING CHOICE VOUCHER ASSISTANCE .— The term ‘‘housing choice voucher assist-ance’’ means voucher assistance provided under section 8(o) of the United States Hous-ing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)). (3) P
LAN.—The term ‘‘Plan’’ means a Re-gional Housing Mobility Plan submitted under subsection (d). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (b) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary may carry out a mobility demonstration program to en-able public housing agencies to administer housing choice voucher assistance in a man-ner designed to encourage families receiving that assistance to move to lower-poverty areas and expand access to opportunity areas. (c) S
ELECTION OF PHA S.— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall es-tablish requirements for public housing agencies to participate in the demonstration program under this section, which shall pro-vide that the following public housing agen-cies may participate: (A) Public housing agencies that to-gether— (i) serve areas with high concentrations of families receiving housing choice voucher as-sistance in poor, low-opportunity neighbor-hoods; and (ii) have an adequate number of mod-erately priced rental units in higher-oppor-tunity areas. (B) Planned consortia or partial consortia of public housing agencies that— (i) include not less than 1 public housing agency with a high-performing Family Self- Sufficiency program carried out under sec-tion 23 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437u); and (ii) will enable participating families to continue in the Family Self-Sufficiency pro-gram if the family relocates to the jurisdic-tion served by any other public housing agency of the consortium. (C) Planned consortia or partial consortia of public housing agencies that— (i) serve jurisdictions within a single re-gion; (ii) include not less than 1 small public housing agency; and (iii) will consolidate mobility-focused oper-ations. (D) Such other public housing agencies as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) SELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall establish competitive selection criteria for public housing agencies eligible under paragraph (1) to participate in the dem-onstration program under this section. (3) R
ANDOM SELECTION OF FAMILIES .—The Secretary may require public housing agen-cies participating in the demonstration pro-gram under this section to use a randomized selection process to select among the fami-lies eligible to receive assistance under the demonstration program. (d) R
EGIONAL HOUSING MOBILITY PLAN.— The Secretary shall require each public housing agency applying to participate in the demonstration program under this sec-tion to submit a Regional Housing Mobility Plan, which shall— (1) identify the public housing agencies that will participate under the Plan and the number of vouchers each participating pub-lic housing agency will make available out of their existing programs in connection with the demonstration; (2) identify any community-based organi-zations, nonprofit organizations, businesses, and other entities that will participate under the Plan and describe the commitments for the participation made by each such entity; (3) identify any waivers or alternative re-quirements requested for the execution of the Plan; (4) identify any specific actions that the public housing agencies and other entities will undertake to accomplish the goals of the demonstration program, which shall include a comprehensive approach to enable a suc-cessful transition to opportunity areas and may include counseling and continued sup-port for families; (5) specify the criteria that the public housing agencies would use to identify op-portunity areas under the Plan; (6) provide for the establishment of pri-ority and preferences for families receiving assistance under the demonstration pro-gram, including a preference for families with young children, as such term is defined by the Secretary, based on regional housing needs and priorities; and (7) comply with any other requirements es-tablished by the Secretary. (e) F
UNDING FOR MOBILITY -RELATED SERV-
ICES.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.068 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3337 June 7, 2018 
(1) U SE OF ADMINISTRATIVE FEES .—Each public housing agency participating in the demonstration program under this section may use administrative fees under section 8(q) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(q)), any administrative fee re-serves of the public housing agency, and funding from private entities to provide mo-bility-related services in connection with the demonstration program, including services such as counseling, portability coordination, landlord outreach, security deposits, and ad-ministrative activities associated with es-tablishing and operating regional mobility programs. (2) U
SE OF HOUSING ASSISTANCE FUNDS .— Each public housing agency participating in the demonstration program under this sec-tion may use housing assistance payment contract funds under section 8(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)) for security deposits if necessary to enable families to lease units with housing choice voucher assistance in designated op-portunity areas. (f) W
AIVERS ; A LTERNATIVE REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) W
AIVERS .—To allow for public housing agencies to implement and administer the Plan of the public housing agency under the demonstration program under this section, the Secretary may waive or specify alter-native requirements for the following provi-sions of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437 et seq.): (A) Paragraphs (7)(A) and (13)(E)(i) of sec-tion 8(o) (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)) (relating to the term of a lease and mobility requirements). (B) Section 8(o)(13)(C)(i) (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(13)(C)(i)) (relating to the public hous-ing agency plan). (C) Section 8(r)(2) (42 U.S.C. 1437f(r)(2)) (re-lating to the responsibility of a public hous-ing agency to administer portable assist-ance). (2) A
LTERNATIVE REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec- retary shall provide additional authority for public housing agencies in a selected region to form a consortium that has a single hous-ing assistance payment contract, or to enter into a partial consortium to operate all or portions of the Plan, including public hous-ing agencies participating in the Moving To Work demonstration program established under section 204 of the Departments of Vet-erans Affairs and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and Independent Agencies Appro-priations Act, 1996 (Public Law 104–134; 110 Stat. 1321–281). (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Any waiver or alter-native requirements pursuant to this sub-section shall not take effect before the date that is 10 days after the date on which the date on which the Secretary publishes a no-tice of the waiver or alternative requirement in the Federal Register. (g) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary may implement the demonstration program under this section, including the terms, pro-cedures, requirements, and conditions of the demonstration, by notice. (h) E
VALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the implementation of the regional housing mobility programs by public housing agencies participating in the demonstration program under this section, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and publish in the Federal Register a report evaluating the ef-fectiveness of the strategies pursued under the demonstration program, subject to the availability of funding to conduct the eval-uation. (2) D
ISSEMINATION OF FINDINGS .—The Sec- retary shall— (A) through internet websites and other means, disseminate interim findings relating to the demonstration program under this section as they become available; and (B) if promising strategies are identified through the findings described in subpara-graph (A), notify Congress of the amount of funds that would be required to expand the testing of these strategies in additional types of public housing agencies and housing markets. SA 2436. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON STRENGTHENING NATO CYBER DEFENSE. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the Department of Defense should continue to cooperate with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and key Organization allies in order to promote the common defense in the cyberspace do-main as well as to deter cyberattacks. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the Department’s efforts to enhance the United States’ leadership and collaboration with the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization with respect to the develop-ment of a comprehensive, cross-domain strategy to build cyber-defense capacity and deter cyber attacks among Organization member countries. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall address the following: (A) Improving cyber situational awareness among Organization member countries. (B) Implementation of the cyber oper-ational-domain roadmap of the Organization with respect to doctrine, political oversight and governance, planning, rules of engage-ment, and integration across member coun-tries. (C) Planned cooperative efforts to combat information warfare across Organization member countries. (D) The development of cyber capabilities, including cooperative development efforts and technology transfer. (E) Supporting stronger cyber partnerships with non-Organization member countries as appropriate. 
SA 2437. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. Y OUNG , Ms. W
ARREN , and Ms. H ASSAN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. TREATMENT OF SERVICE ON ACTIVE DUTY FOR PREPLANNED MISSIONS IN SUPPORT OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS TOWARD REDUCTION IN AGE FOR ELIGIBILITY FOR RETIRED PAY FOR NON-REGULAR SERVICE. 
Section 12731(f)(2)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) or under section 12301(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12301(d) or 12304b of this title or a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B)’’. 
SA 2438. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title IX, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. GOALS FOR PROMPTNESS OF DETER-MINATIONS REGARDING SECURITY CLEARANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Council shall take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that, by December 31, 2021, 90 percent of all determinations regarding— (1) security clearances— (A) at the secret level are issued in 30 days or fewer; and (B) at the top secret level are issued in 90 days or fewer; and (2) reciprocity of a security clearance at the same level are recognized in two weeks or fewer. (b) C
ERTAIN REINVESTIGATIONS .—The Coun-cil shall ensure that by December 31, 2021, re-investigation on a set periodicity is not be required for more than 10 percent of the pop-ulation that holds a security clearance. (c) P
LAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Coun-cil shall submit a plan to carry out this sec-tion to the appropriate congressional com-mittees. Such plan shall include rec-ommended interim milestones for the goals set forth in subsections (a) and (b) for 2019, 2020, and 2021. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the congressional intelligence commit-tees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)); (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. (2) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the Security, Suitability, and Credentialing Performance Accountability Council estab-lished pursuant to Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). (3) R
ECIPROCITY .—The term ‘‘reciprocity’’ means reciprocal recognition by Federal de-partments and agencies of eligibility for ac-cess to classified information. 
SA 2439. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.069 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3338 June 7, 2018 
him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title IX, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON UNIFIED, SIMPLIFIED, GOVERNMENT-WIDE STANDARDS FOR POSITIONS OF TRUST AND SE-CURITY CLEARANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent and the Suit-ability and Credentialing Executive Agent, in coordination with the other members of the Council, shall jointly submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report on the advisability and the risks, benefits, and costs to the Government and to industry of consolidating to not more than 3 tiers for po-sitions of trust and security clearances. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional intelligence commit-tees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)); (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate; and (C) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means the Security, Suitability, and Credentialing Performance Accountability Council estab-lished pursuant to Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). (3) S
ECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT .—The term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Di-rector of National Intelligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). (4) S
UITABILITY AND CREDENTIALING EXECU -
TIVE AGENT .—The term ‘‘Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent’’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment acting as the Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
SA 2440. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title IX, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. BUDGET REQUEST DOCUMENTATION ON FUNDING FOR CLEARANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As part of the fiscal year 2020 budget request submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the President shall include ex-hibits that identify the resources allocated by each agency to processing security clear-ances, disaggregated by type of security clearance. (b) CONTENTS .—Each exhibit submitted under subsection (a) shall include, with re-spect to security clearances, details on the costs of— (1) background investigations and reinves-tigations; (2) additional screening mechanisms, such polygraphs, medical exams, and psycho-logical exams; (3) adjudications; (4) other means of continuous vetting, such as continuous evaluation and user activity monitoring; and (5) the average per person cost for each type of security clearance. 
SA 2441. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. AUTHORITY TO ENGAGE IN PROJECTS TO SUPPORT INSTALLATION EN-ERGY RESILIENCE AND ENERGY SE-CURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after section 2919 the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 2920. Projects on non-federal property to ensure energy resilience and energy secu-rity ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY FOR PROJECTS .—The Sec- retary of Defense may provide for the con-struction, improvement, hardening against physical or cyber attack, and maintenance of a utility system supporting a military in-stallation if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that the construction, improvement, hardening against physical or cyber attack, or mainte-nance will provide energy resilience or en-ergy security to the installation and is nec-essary to maintain the readiness of the armed forces. ‘‘(b) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .—If the Secretary determines that an action of the Department of Defense will cause a significant effect on a utility system serving a military installa-tion, the Secretary shall conduct a utility service needs assessment to assess the mag-nitude of the construction, improvement, hardening against physical or cyber attack, and maintenance required to address the ef-fect. ‘‘(c) D
ESIGN OF PROJECTS .—A project car-ried out under subsection (a) shall be de-signed to provide energy resilience or energy security to the military installation and not to other users of the utility system, but may, at no additional expense to the United States, incidentally benefit other users of the utility system. ‘‘(d) T
YPES OF AVAILABLE AGREEMENTS .—In carrying out a project under subsection (a), the Secretary may use a contract, a coopera-tive agreement, or a grant. ‘‘(e) N
ATURE OF PROJECTS .—A project car-ried out under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) shall not be considered a military con-struction project as that term is defined in section 2801(a) of this title; and ‘‘(2) shall be treated as the acquisition of enhanced utility service to the military in-stallation. ‘‘(f) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The Secretary may carry out this section using funds available for operation and maintenance or for mili-tary construction. ‘‘(g) CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—When a decision is made to carry out a project under this section, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees, in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title, a report including the justification for the project, the current estimate of the cost of the project, and the source of funds to cover anticipated ex-penses. A project may not be carried out if a congressional defense committee sends writ-ten notification to the Secretary dis-approving of a project within 14 days of such report submission. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) M
ILITARY INSTALLATION .—The term ‘military installation’ has the meaning given the term in section 2687(g)(1) of this title. ‘‘(2) U
TILITY SYSTEM .—The term ‘utility system’ means a utility system— ‘‘(A) providing communications, elec-tricity, gas, water, oil, or steam to, or re-moving waste from, a military installation; ‘‘(B) not located on a military installation; and ‘‘(C) not owned by the United States.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2919 the following new item: ‘‘§ 2920. Projects on non-federal property to ensure energy resilience and en-ergy security.’’. 
SA 2442. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. REIMBURSEMENT OF FEDERAL EM-PLOYEES FOR FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL INCOME TAXES INCURRED DURING TRAVEL, TRANSPORTATION, AND RELOCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—5724b of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading by striking ‘‘ of employees transferred’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘em-ployee, or by an employee and such employ-ee’s spouse (if filing jointly), for any moving or storage’’ and inserting ‘‘individual, or by an individual and such individual’s spouse (if filing jointly), for any travel, transportation, and relocation’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘employee’’ and inserting ‘‘individual, or the individual’’; and (3) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘travel, transportation, and relocation ex-penses’ means all travel, transportation, and relocation expenses reimbursed or furnished in kind pursuant to subchapter II of this chapter or chapter 41.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5724b and inserting the following: ‘‘5724b. Taxes on reimbursements for travel, transportation, and relocation expenses.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.069 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3339 June 7, 2018 
(c) R ETROACTIVE EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as though enacted on January 1, 2018. 
SA 2443. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. CLARIFICATION OF REIMBURSABLE AL-LOWED COSTS OF FAA MEMORANDA OF AGREEMENT. 
Section 47504(c)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) to an airport operator of a congested airport (as defined in section 47175) and a unit of local government referred to in para-graph (1)(B) to carry out a project to miti-gate noise, if the project— ‘‘(i) consists of— ‘‘(I) replacement windows, doors, and the installation of through-the-wall air-condi-tioning units; or ‘‘(II) acquisition or installation of win-dows, doors, or other noise mitigation ele-ments to be used in a school reconstruction, if reconstruction is the preferred local solu-tion; ‘‘(ii) is located at a school near the airport; and ‘‘(iii) is included in a memorandum of agreement entered into before September 30, 2002, even if the airport has not met the re-quirements of part 150 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, and only if the finan-cial limitations of the memorandum are ap-plied.’’. 
SA 2444. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for him-self and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle H—Deterrence of Foreign Interference in United States Elections 
SEC. 1281. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Defend-ing Elections from Threats by Establishing Redlines Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1282. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
CCOUNT ; CORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT ; PAY-
ABLE -THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘‘ac-count’’, ‘‘correspondent account’’, and ‘‘pay-able-through account’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. (2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on For-eign Relations, the Committee on Finance, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives. (3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES AND LEADERSHIP .—The term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees and leader-ship’’ means— (A) the appropriate congressional commit-tees; (B) the majority leader and minority lead-er of the Senate; and (C) the Speaker, the majority leader, and the minority leader of the House of Rep-resentatives. (4) E
LECTION AND CAMPAIGN INFRASTRUC -
TURE .—The term ‘‘election and campaign in-frastructure’’ means information and com-munications technology and systems used by or on behalf of— (A) the Federal Government or a State or local government in managing the election process, including voter registration data-bases, voting machines, voting tabulation equipment, equipment for the secure trans-mission of election results, and other sys-tems; or (B) a principal campaign committee or na-tional committee (as those terms are defined in section 301 of the Federal Election Cam-paign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101)) with re-spect to strategy or tactics affecting the conduct of a political campaign, including electronic communications, and the informa-tion stored on, processed by, or transiting such technology and systems. (5) I
NTERFERENCE IN UNITED STATES ELEC -
TIONS .—The term ‘‘interference’’, with re-spect to a United States election, means any of the following actions of the government of a foreign country, or any person acting as an agent of or on behalf of such a government, undertaken with the intent to influence the election: (A) Obtaining unauthorized access to elec-tion and campaign infrastructure or related systems or data and releasing such data or modifying such infrastructure, systems, or data. (B) Blocking or degrading otherwise legiti-mate and authorized access to election and campaign infrastructure or related systems or data. (C) Significant contributions or expendi-tures for advertising, including on the inter-net. (D) Using social, other internet-based, or traditional media to spread significant false or derogatory information to individuals in the United States. (E) Staging, organizing, coordinating, or promoting rallies, meetings, or events in the United States. (F) Posing as United States persons and communicating with individuals in the United States. (6) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’, with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result. (7) P
ERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means in-dividual or entity. (8) P
RESIDENTIAL ELECTION CYCLE .—The term ‘‘presidential election cycle’’ means the period beginning on the day after the date of the most recent election for the office of President of the United States and ending on the date of the next election for that office. (9) UNITED STATES ELECTION .—The term ‘‘United States election’’ means any United States Federal election. (10) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. PART I—DETERMINATION OF FOREIGN IN-TERFERENCE IN UNITED STATES ELEC-TIONS 
SEC. 1283. DETERMINATION OF FOREIGN INTER-FERENCE IN UNITED STATES ELEC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after a United States election, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Director of the National Security Agency, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the At-torney General, shall— (1) determine whether or not the govern-ment of a foreign country, or any person act-ing as an agent of or on behalf of that gov-ernment, knowingly engaged in interference in the election; and (2) submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report on that determination, including, if the Director de-termines that interference did occur— (A) an identification of the government or person that engaged in such interference; and (B) if the Government of the Russian Fed-eration, or any person acting as an agent of or on behalf of that Government, engaged in such interference, a list of any senior foreign political figures or oligarchs in the Russian Federation identified under section 241(a)(1)(A) of the Countering Russian Influ-ence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (title II of Public Law 115–44; 131 Stat. 922) who di-rectly or indirectly contributed to such in-terference. (b) A
DDITIONAL REPORTING .—If the Director of National Intelligence determines and re-ports under subsection (a) that neither the government of a foreign country nor any per-son acting as an agent of or on behalf of that government knowingly engaged in inter-ference in a United States election, and the Director subsequently determines that that government, or such a person, did engage in such interference, the Director shall, not later than 30 days after making that deter-mination, submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership— (1) a report on the subsequent determina-tion; and (2) if Director determines that the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation, or any per-son acting as an agent of or on behalf of that Government, engaged in such interference, a list of any senior foreign political figures or oligarchs in the Russian Federation identi-fied under section 241(a)(1)(A) of the Coun-tering Russian Influence in Europe and Eur-asia Act of 2017 (title II of Public Law 115–44; 131 Stat. 922) who directly or indirectly con-tributed to such interference. (c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (a) or (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classi-fied annex. PART II—DETERRING INTERFERENCE IN UNITED STATES ELECTIONS BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION 
SEC. 1284. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Director of Na-tional Intelligence determines under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.070 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3340 June 7, 2018 
1283 that the Government of the Russian Federation, or any person acting as an agent of or on behalf of that Government, know-ingly engaged in interference in a United States election, the President shall, not later than 10 days after such determination is made, impose the following sanctions: (1) B
LOCKING THE ASSETS OF CERTAIN STATE - 
OWNED RUSSIAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND  
RESTRICTING ACCOUNTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall impose one or more of the fol-lowing sanctions on 3 or more entities speci-fied in subparagraph (B): (i) Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), blocking and prohibiting all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of the entity if such property and inter-ests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (ii) Prohibiting, or imposing strict condi-tions on, the opening or maintaining in the United States of a correspondent account or payable-through account by the entity. (B) E
NTITIES SPECIFIED .—The entities spec-ified in this subparagraph are the following: (i) Sberbank. (ii) VTB Bank. (iii) Gazprombank. (iv) Vnesheconombank. (v) Bank of Moscow. (vi) Rosselkhozbank. (2) B
LOCKING THE ASSETS OF CERTAIN RUS -
SIAN ENERGY COMPANIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall, pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of 2 or more of the entities specified in subparagraph (B) if such property and in-terests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) E
NTITIES SPECIFIED .—The entities spec-ified in this subparagraph are the following: (i) Gazprom. (ii) Rosneft. (iii) Lukoil. (3) B
LOCKING THE ASSETS OF ENTITIES IN  
RUSSIAN DEFENSE AND INTELLIGENCE SEC -
TORS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall, pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any entity described in subpara-graph (B) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) E
NTITIES DESCRIBED .—An entity de-scribed in this subparagraph is— (i) an entity that the President determines pursuant to section 231 of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9525) is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the defense or intel-ligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation; or (ii) an entity in which an entity described in clause (i) has an ownership interest of 50 percent or more. (4) B
LOCKING THE ASSETS OF CERTAIN RUS -
SIAN STATE -OWNED ENTITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall, pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any entity described in subpara-graph (B) in which the Government of the Russian Federation has an ownership inter-est of 25 percent or more if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) ENTITIES DESCRIBED .—The entities de-scribed in this subparagraph are the fol-lowing: (i) Any entity in the railway or metals and mining sector of the economy of the Russian Federation. (ii) Any aerospace company or air carrier, including any subsidiary of such a company or carrier. (5) B
LOCKING THE ASSETS OF ENTITIES AC -
QUIRED BY RUSSIAN STATE -OWNED ENTITIES .— The Secretary of the Treasury shall, pursu-ant to the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any en-tity in which an entity owned 50 percent or more in the aggregate by the Government of the Russian Federation acquires, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, an ownership interest of 20 percent or more if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (6) P
ROHIBITION ON TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING  
CERTAIN RUSSIAN DEBT .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall, pursuant to such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, prohibit all transactions within the United States or by a United States person, in— (A) sovereign debt of the Government of the Russian Federation issued on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, including governmental bonds; and (B) debt of any entity owned or controlled by the Russian Federation issued on or after such date of enactment, including bonds. (7) B
LOCKING THE ASSETS OF SENIOR POLIT -
ICAL FIGURES AND OLIGARCHS AND EXCLUSION  
FROM THE UNITED STATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall im-pose with respect to any senior foreign polit-ical figure or oligarch in the Russian Federa-tion identified under subsection (a)(2)(B) or (b)(2) of section 1283 the following sanctions: (i) Pursuant to the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the President shall block and pro-hibit all transactions in all property and in-terests in property of the individual if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (ii) The President shall deny a visa to, and exclude from the United States, the indi-vidual, and revoke in accordance with sec-tion 221(i) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)) any visa or other documentation of the individual. (B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .— Information about the denial or revocation of a visa or other documentation under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) shall be made available to the public. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the committees specified in para-graph (2) a report— (A) identifying the 6 largest financial insti-tutions owned or controlled by the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation, determined by estimated net assets; and (B) identifying the 3 largest energy compa-nies in the Russian Federation, in terms of estimated net assets. (2) C
OMMITTEES SPECIFIED .—The commit-tees specified in this paragraph are— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (c) EXCEPTIONS .— (1) E
XCEPTION FOR IMPORTATION OF GOODS .— The requirement to impose sanctions under subsection (a) shall not include the author-ity to impose sanctions with respect to the importation of goods (as defined in section 16 of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.))). (2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS HEAD -
QUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Subsection (a)(7)(A)(ii) shall not apply with respect to the admission of an alien to the United States if such admission is necessary to com-ply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, under the Con-vention on Consular Relations, done at Vi-enna April 24, 1963, and entered into force March 19, 1967, or under other international agreements. (d) I
MPLEMENTATION ; PENALTIES .— (1) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. (2) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of this section or any reg-ulation, license, or order issued to carry out this section shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an un-lawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (e) S
USPENSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may sus-pend sanctions imposed under subsection (a) on or after the date on which the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, the Director of the National Secu-rity Agency, the Director of the Central In-telligence Agency, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the At-torney General, submits to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a certification that the Government of the Russian Federation has not engaged in inter-ference in United States elections for at least one presidential election cycle. (2) R
EIMPOSITION .— (A) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after a suspension of sanctions under paragraph (1) takes effect, and every 90 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report on whether the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation is taking measures to— (i) improve the oversight of and prosecu-tions relating to interference in United States elections; and (ii) credibly demonstrate a significant change in behavior and credibly commit to not engaging in such interference in the fu-ture. (B) R
EIMPOSITION .—If the President deter-mines under subparagraph (A) that the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation is not taking measures described in that subpara-graph, the President shall reimpose the sanc-tions suspended under paragraph (1). (f) T
ERMINATION .—The President may ter-minate sanctions imposed under subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.071 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3341 June 7, 2018 
(a) on or after the date on which the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Director of the National Security Agency, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the At-torney General, submits to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a certification that— (1) the Government of the Russian Federa-tion has not engaged in interference in United States elections for at least 2 presi-dential election cycles; and (2) the President has received credible commitments from the Government of the Russian Federation that that Government will not engage in such interference in the future. 
SEC. 1285. STRATEGY ON COORDINATION WITH EUROPEAN UNION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and leadership a strategy on how the United States will— (1) work in concert with the European Union and member countries of the Euro-pean Union to deter interference by the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation in elec-tions; and (2) coordinate with the European Union and member countries of the European Union to enact legislation similar to this title. PART III—DETERRING INTERFERENCE IN UNITED STATES ELECTIONS BY OTHER FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS 
SEC. 1286. BRIEFING ON INTERFERENCE IN UNITED STATES ELECTIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the President, or a designee of the President, shall brief the appropriate congressional committees and leadership on any government of a foreign country, or per-son acting as an agent of or on behalf of that government, that is determined by the Presi-dent to have engaged in or to be likely to en-gage in interference in a United States elec-tion. 
SEC. 1287. DETERRENCE STRATEGIES FOR INTER-FERENCE IN UNITED STATES ELEC-TIONS BY CHINA, IRAN, NORTH KOREA, AND OTHER FOREIGN GOV-ERNMENTS OF CONCERN. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report that in-cludes— (1) a strategy of the President to deter in-terference in a United States election by the Government of the People’s Republic of China, the Government of Iran, the Govern-ment of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and any other foreign government de-termined by the President to have engaged in or to be likely to engage in interference in a United States election, including any per-son acting as an agent of or on behalf of such a government; (2) proposed sanctions if that government engages in such interference and any au-thorities the President may require from Congress to impose such sanctions; (3) other actions undertaken by Federal agencies or in cooperation with other coun-tries to deter such interference; and (4) a plan for communicating such deter-rence actions to those governments. 
SA 2445. Mr. VAN HOLLEN sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of section 1269, add the fol-lowing: (e) L
IMITATION RELATED TO PURCHASE OF S- 400 S
YSTEM FROMRUSSIA .— (1) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report with the following information: (i) A determination whether the Govern-ment of Turkey has made payments towards the purchase of the S-400 system. (ii) The number of S-400 systems the Gov-ernment of Turkey expects to purchase. (iii) The anticipated delivery schedule for the S-400 system. (iv) The total value of the S-400 systems the Government of Turkey is expected to purchase, and how much of that will be self- financed, financed by loans from Russia, or financed by other sources. (v) A description of the measures the Presi-dent has taken to prevent Turkey’s purchase of the S-400 system and encourage an alter-native system. (vi) An assessment of how the operation of the S-400 and F–35 aircraft together would impact the security of the F–35 aircraft. (B) F
ORM.—The report required under this paragraph shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex as necessary. (2) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the transfer of F–35s to Turkey shall be subject to section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776) until the President certifies to the appro-priate committees of Congress that the Gov-ernment of Turkey has withdrawn from its agreement to purchase the Russian S-400 sys-tem. (3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2446. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 577. TRANSITION ASSISTANCE FOR MILI-TARY SPOUSES. 
(a) T RANSITION ASSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 88 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1784a the following new section: ‘‘§ 1784b. Employment assistance, job training assistance, and other transitional assist-ance for military spouses: Department of Labor ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram of assistance and services required by section 1144 of this title, the Secretary of Labor, in conjunction with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall also maintain a program of counseling, assistance, help, and related information and services for spouses of members of the armed forces covered by that section in order to as-sist such spouses during the transition of such members to civilian life. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—The counseling, assist-ance, help, and information and services available under the program under this sec-tion shall be the following: ‘‘(1) Such counseling, assistance, help, and information and services as are available to members under section 1144 of title and are suitable to assist spouses during the transi-tion of members as described in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) Such other counseling, assistance, help, and information and services to assist spouses during such transition as the Secre-taries consider appropriate for purposes of the program. ‘‘(c) P
ARTICIPATION .—A spouse is eligible to participate in the program under this section during any period in which the spouse’s member is eligible to participate in the pro-gram of assistance and services required by section 1144 of this title. ‘‘(d) U
SE OF PERSONNEL AND ORGANIZA -
TIONS .—In carrying out the program under this section, the Secretaries may use any of the authorities, personnel, organizations, and other resources available for the pro-gram of assistance and services required by section 1144 of this title that the Secretaries consider appropriate for the effective oper-ation of the program under this section.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 88 of such title is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 1784a the following new item: ‘‘1784b. Employment assistance, job training assistance, and other transi-tional assistance for military spouses: Department of Labor.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND COMMENCEMENT OF  P
ROGRAM .—The amendments made by sub-section (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. The Secretary of Labor shall commence the program required by section 1784b of title 10, United States Code (as added by such amendments), by such date, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, as the Secretary considers practicable. 
SA 2447. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. E
NZI, and Mrs. F ISCHER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.071 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3342 June 7, 2018 
SEC. 823. PROMPT PAYMENTS OF SMALL BUSI-NESS CONTRACTORS OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 2307(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (2) by striking ‘‘The head of any agency may—’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The head of any agency may’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) For a prime contractor (as defined in section 8701 of title 41) that is a small business concern (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)), the Secretary of Defense shall, to the fullest ex-tent permitted by law, establish an acceler-ated payment date with a goal of 15 days after receipt of a proper invoice for the amount due if a specific payment date is not established by contract. ‘‘(B) For a prime contractor that sub-contracts with a small business concern, the Secretary of Defense shall, to the fullest ex-tent permitted by law, establish an acceler-ated payment date with a goal of 15 days after receipt of a proper invoice for the amount due if— ‘‘(i) a specific payment date is not estab-lished by contract; and ‘‘(ii) the prime contractor agrees to make payments to the subcontractor in accordance with the accelerated payment date, to the maximum extent practicable, without any further consideration from or fees charged to the subcontractor. ‘‘(C) For a prime contractor that sub-contracts with a small business concern, the Secretary of Defense may, to the fullest ex-tent permitted by law, establish incentives to promote the accelerated payments to the subcontractor in accordance with the accel-erated payment date.’’. 
SA 2448. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Littoral Combat Ship, in-crease the amount in the Senate authorized column by $950,000,000. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Total Shipbuilding and Con-version, Navy, increase the amount in the Senate authorized column by $950,000,000. In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Total Procurement, in-crease the amount in the Senate authorized column by $950,000,000. 
SA 2449. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. STUDY ON USE OF ACADEMIC PARTNER-SHIPS IN NURSING WORKFORCE DE-VELOPMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, may conduct a study on im-proving the use of academic partnerships in nursing workforce development by the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study conducted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment and identification of best practices for training of nurses and pa-tient care by nurses. (2) An assessment of the impact of aca-demic affiliations and partnerships in nurs-ing education and nursing workforce devel-opment on the quality of care received by ac-tive duty members of the Armed Forces and veterans with respect to their special health care needs. 
SA 2450. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. STUDY ON TRAUMATIC INJURY PRO-TECTION UNDER SERVICEMEMBERS’ GROUP LIFE INSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may conduct a study on best practices in the administration of insurance relating to traumatic injuries under section 1980A of title 38, United States Code. (b) E
LEMENTS .—If the Secretary conducts the study authorized under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, in carrying out the study— (1) consider the feasibility of allowing members of the Armed Forces to elect to pay more per month to receive more long-term financial support for their families in the event of a traumatic injury; and (2) assess the feasibility and advisability of modifying the existing insurance coverage under section 1980A of such title to align more closely with the payout metrics offered in the civilian world. 
SA 2451. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: SEC. lll. MENTORSHIP AND MATCHMAKING PROGRAMS TO SUPPORT MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND VET-ERANS WHO ARE ENTREPRENEURS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Programs of loans for veterans adminis-tered by the Small Business Administration and other Federally administered resources that help members of the Armed Forces and veterans to become entrepreneurs can go un-derutilized. (2) The Small Business Administration of-fers mentoring programs for veterans and the Administration can offer mentoring pro-grams for veterans and members of the Armed Forces transitioning to civilian life. (3) Helping members of the Armed Forces identify existing and conceivable business opportunities in their industry of interest or geographic location can be achieved through a process of integrating information about business leads sources like local chambers of commerce with data about service members interested in starting businesses provided to the Small Business Administration by the Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs. (4) Enhancing the opportunity for success of members of the Armed Forces and vet-erans as entrepreneurs can be an important tool for economic development, especially in rural areas of the United States. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) it is important to establish a mentoring and matchmaking program to help members of the Armed Forces transition to civilian life; (2) Small Business Development Centers of the Small Business Administration should help provide matchmaking services for mem-bers of the Armed Forces to help them iden-tify existing and conceivable business oppor-tunities in their industry of interest or geo-graphic location; and (3) a special emphasis should be made to assist members of the Armed Forces in rural areas of the United States. (c) P
ROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, in partnership with the Admin-istrator of the Small Business Administra-tion and the Secretary of Defense, establish a program consisting of— (A) providing mentors to covered individ-uals to assist them in pursuing goals relat-ing to starting a business; and (B) assistance in matching covered individ-uals with business opportunities relating to starting a business. (2) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—For purposes of the program required by paragraph (1), a cov-ered individual is— (A) a member of the Armed Forces who is transitioning to civilian life, a veteran, or a member of the family of such a member of the Armed Forces or veteran; and (B) considering applying for a loan from the Small Business Administration to start a business. 
SA 2452. Mr. JONES (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.072 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3343 June 7, 2018 
SEC. 558. CONSTRUCTION AND REHABILITATION OF FACILITIES FOR SENIOR RE-SERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PROGRAMS AT HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVER-SITIES AND MINORITY-SERVING IN-STITUTION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Historically black colleges and univer-sities (HBCUs) and minority-serving institu-tions play a vital role in educating low-in-come and underrepresented students in areas of national need. (2) Historically black colleges and univer-sities and minority-serving institutions pres-ently contribute to the defense readiness and national security of the nation by admin-istering Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (ROTC) programs that prepare students to lead our Armed Forces. (3) Racial and ethnic minority groups made up 40 percent of all active-duty members of the Armed Forces in 2015, up from 25 percent in 1990. Minorities make up a significant and crucial number of the enlisted members in all four of the Armed Forces and also make up an increasingly important number of the officer corps, and yet the officer corps does not yet fully reflect the diversity of the na-tion. While 12 percent of the nation is Afri-can American, only 8 percent of active-duty officers were African American in the most recent report on minority officers in 2011. Similarly, Hispanic Americans make up 15 percent of the population and only 5 percent of the officer corps. And yet a higher number of the enlisted members of the Armed Forces are minorities. (4) Providing a facility for Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps programs is one of the many financial challenges to increasing ac-cess to the officer track in minority settings. Considering the financial strains that face the historically black colleges and univer-sities today, financial strains that are often even greater than those confronting all of the nation’s colleges and universities in time with increasing State budget cuts, it is im-portant to provide additional support to Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps programs at historically black colleges and universities across the country by authorizing the mili-tary departments to provide for the con-struction or rehabilitation of Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps program facilities at historically black colleges and universities and minority-serving institution campuses. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION AND REHABILITATION AU-
THORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments may provide for the construction and rehabilitation of facilities for Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs at historically black colleges and universities and minority-serving institu-tions that host such programs. (2) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—In deter-mining whether to construct or rehabilitate facilities of historically black colleges and universities and minority-serving institu-tions using the authority in paragraph (1), the Secretary of a military department shall afford special consideration to the following: (A) Colleges and universities, and institu-tions, located in States in which reside a high number of enlisted members of the Armed Forces who are members of a minor-ity group. (B) Colleges and universities, and institu-tions, with a high number of Reserve Offi-cers’ Training Corps program participants who are members of a minority group. (C) Colleges and universities, and institu-tions, located in States that are reducing funding for higher education. (3) L
IMITATION .—The total number of facili-ties that may be constructed or rehabilitated using the authority in paragraph (1) in any fiscal year may not exceed five facilities. (c) MINORITY -SERVING INSTITUTION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘minority- serving institution’’ means a minority-serv-ing institution for purposes of section 371 of the Higher Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1067q). (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 for the Depart-ment of Defense, $20,000,000 for the construc-tion and rehabilitation of facilities in that fiscal year as authorized by subsection (b). 
SA 2453. Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. K AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. PROMOTING FEDERAL PROCUREMENT WITH HISTORICALLY BLACK COL-LEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MI-NORITY-SERVING INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of an executive agency, or a contracting officer where appli-cable, shall— (1) assist historically Black colleges and universities and minority-serving institu-tions to develop viable, self-sustaining busi-nesses capable of competing on an equal basis in the mainstream of the United States economy; and (2) promote Federal procurement with his-torically Black colleges and universities and minority-serving institutions by estab-lishing— (A) participation goals of not less than 10 percent for historically Black colleges and universities and minority-serving institu-tions; (B) requirements that prime contractors and other recipients of Federal funds attain similar participation goals in their procure-ment; and (C) other mechanisms that ensure histori-cally Black colleges and universities and mi-nority-serving institutions have a fair oppor-tunity to participate in Federal procure-ment. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘historically Black college and university’’ has the meaning given the term in section 631 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1132). (3) The term ‘‘minority-serving institu-tion’’ means an institution described in sec-tion 371 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q). 
SA 2454. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. CONSOLIDATION OF JOINT SPECTRUM CENTER TO FORT MEADE, MARY-LAND. 
(a) M OVEMENT OR CONSOLIDATION OF JOINT S
PECTRUM CENTER TO FORT MEADE , M ARY-
LAND .—The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions, as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, to move, consolidate, or both, the offices of the Joint Spectrum Center to the Defense Infor-mation Systems Agency headquarters build-ing at Fort Meade, Maryland, for national security purposes to ensure the physical and cybersecurity protection of personnel and missions of the Department of Defense. (b) A
UTHORIZATION .—Any facility, road, or infrastructure constructed or altered on a military installation as a result of this sec-tion is deemed to be authorized in accord-ance with section 2802 of title 10, United States Code. (c) T
ERMINATION OF EXISTING LEASE .—Upon completion of the relocation of the Joint Spectrum Center, all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to the exist-ing lease for the Joint Spectrum Center shall be terminated. (d) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 2887 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 569) is hereby repealed. 
SA 2455. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 910. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR DEVELOPMENTAL TEST AND EVALUATION. 
(a) P RINCIPAL ADVISOR ON DEVELOPMENT  T
EST AND EVALUATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Deputy Assistant Secretary for Developmental Test and Eval-uation shall be the principal advisor to the Secretary of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation on develop-mental test and evaluation in the Depart-ment of Defense. (2) S
UPERVISION .—The Deputy Assistant Secretary shall be subject to the supervision of the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering, without the inter-position of any other supervising official. The Deputy Assistant Secretary may com-municate views on matters within the re-sponsibility of the Deputy Assistant Sec-retary directly to the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation without obtain-ing the approval or concurrence of any other official within the Department. (b) D
UTIES .—As principal advisor to the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering on developmental test and eval-uation, the Deputy Assistant Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.073 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3344 June 7, 2018 
(1) develop policies and guidance for— (A) the conduct of developmental test and evaluation in the military departments and other elements of the Department of Defense (including integration and developmental testing of software); (B) in coordination with the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation— (i) the integration of developmental test and evaluation with operational test and evaluation; and (ii) the synchronization of developmental test and evaluation with operational test and evaluation; (C) the conduct of developmental test and evaluation conducted jointly by more than one military department or Defense Agency; (D) the review and approval of the develop-mental test and evaluation plan within the test and evaluation master plan for each major defense acquisition program of the De-partment under oversight by the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing, the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment, and the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation; and (E) the conduct of developmental test and evaluation for major defense acquisition pro-grams of the Department that are under oversight by the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, or the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation; (2) monitor and review the developmental test and evaluation activities of the major defense acquisition programs of the Depart-ment for the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation; (3) provide advocacy, oversight, and guid-ance to elements of the acquisition work-force responsible for developmental test and evaluation; (4) provide input to the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation regarding need-ed changes or improvements for the test and evaluation strategic plan developed in ac-cordance with section 196(d) of title 10, United States Code; (5) in consultation with other appropriate officials, assess the technological maturity and integration risk of critical technologies at key stages in the acquisitions process; and (6) perform such other activities relating to the developmental test and evaluation ac-tivities of the Department as the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing may prescribe. (c) C
ONCURRENT SERVICE AS DIRECTOR OF  D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TEST RESOURCE  M
ANAGEMENT CENTER .—The individual serv-ing as the Deputy Assistant Secretary may also serve concurrently as the Director of the Department of Defense Test Resource Management Center under section 196 of title 10, United States Code. (d) A
CCESS TO RECORDS .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the Deputy Assist-ant Secretary has access to all records and data of the Department of Defense (including the records and data of each military depart-ment and including classified and propri-etary information, as appropriate) that are necessary in order to carry out the duties of the Deputy Assistant Secretary. (e) O
THER RESOURCES .— (1) F
UNDING .—The budget of the President for each fiscal year, as submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall include a separate statement of proposed appropriations and es-timated expenditures for such fiscal year for the activities of the Deputy Assistant Sec-retary in carrying out the duties and respon-sibilities of the Deputy Assistant Secretary under this section. (2) OTHER RESOURCES .—The Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing shall ensure that the Deputy Assistant Secretary has sufficient professional staff, including civilian and military staff, to carry out the duties and responsibilities of the Deputy Assistant Secretary prescribed by law. 
SA 2456. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL CYBERSECU-RITY COOPERATION ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2018. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘United States-Israel Cybersecu-rity Cooperation Enhancement Act of 2018’’. (b) U
NITED STATES -ISRAEL CYBERSECURITY  C
OOPERATION .— (1) G
RANT PROGRAM .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in ac-cordance with the agreement entitled the ‘‘Agreement between the Government of the United States of America and the Govern-ment of the State of Israel on Cooperation in Science and Technology for Homeland Secu-rity Matters’’, done at Jerusalem May 29, 2008 (or successor agreement), and the re-quirements specified in subparagraph (B), shall establish a grant program at the De-partment to support— (i) cybersecurity research and develop-ment; and (ii) demonstration and commercialization of cybersecurity technology. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (i) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in carrying out a re-search, development, demonstration, or com-mercial application program or activity that is authorized under this section, the Sec-retary shall require cost sharing in accord-ance with this paragraph. (ii) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-clause (II), the Secretary shall require not less than 50 percent of the cost of a research, development, demonstration, or commercial application program or activity described in clause (i) to be provided by a non-Federal source. (II) R
EDUCTION .—The Secretary may reduce or eliminate, on a case-by-case basis, the percentage requirement specified in sub-clause (I) if the Secretary determines that such reduction or elimination is necessary and appropriate. (iii) M
ERIT REVIEW .—In carrying out a re-search, development, demonstration, or com-mercial application program or activity that is authorized under this section, awards shall be made only after an impartial review of the scientific and technical merit of the pro-posals for such awards has been carried out by or for the Department. (iv) R
EVIEW PROCESSES .—In carrying out a review under clause (iii), the Secretary may use merit review processes developed under section 302(14) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 182(14)). (C) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .—An applicant shall be eligible to receive a grant under this paragraph if the project of such applicant— (i) addresses a requirement in the area of cybersecurity research or cybersecurity technology, as determined by the Secretary; and (ii) is a joint venture between— (I)(aa) a for-profit business entity, aca-demic institution, National Laboratory (as defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801)), or nonprofit entity in the United States; and (bb) a for-profit business entity, academic institution, or nonprofit entity in Israel; or (II)(aa) the Federal Government; and (bb) the Government of Israel. (D) APPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-ceive a grant under this paragraph, an appli-cant shall submit to the Secretary an appli-cation for such grant in accordance with pro-cedures established by the Secretary, in con-sultation with the advisory board estab-lished under subparagraph (E). (E) A
DVISORY BOARD .— (i) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish an advisory board to— (I) monitor the method by which grants are awarded under this paragraph; and (II) provide to the Secretary periodic per-formance reviews of actions taken to carry out this paragraph. (ii) C
OMPOSITION .—The advisory board es-tablished under clause (i) shall be composed of 3 members, to be appointed by the Sec-retary, of whom— (I) one shall be a representative of the Fed-eral Government; (II) one shall be selected from a list of nominees provided by the United States- Israel Binational Science Foundation; and (III) one shall be selected from a list of nominees provided by the Israel-United States Binational Industrial Research and Development Foundation. (F) C
ONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may accept or retain funds contributed by any person, government entity, or organiza-tion for purposes of carrying out this para-graph. Such funds shall be available, subject to appropriation, without fiscal year limita-tion. (G) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of completion of a project for which a grant is provided under this paragraph, the grant recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report that contains— (i) a description of how the grant funds were used by the recipient; and (ii) an evaluation of the level of success of each project funded by the grant. (H) C
LASSIFICATION .—Grants shall be awarded under this paragraph only for projects that are considered to be unclassi-fied by both the United States and Israel. (2) T
ERMINATION .—The grant program and the advisory board established under this section shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) N
O ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out the requirements of this subsection. Such requirements shall be car-ried out using amounts otherwise appro-priated. (4) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘cybersecurity research’’ means research, including social science re-search, into ways to identify, protect against, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity threats; (B) the term ‘‘cybersecurity technology’’ means technology intended to identify, pro-tect against, detect, respond to, and recover from cybersecurity threats; (C) the term ‘‘cybersecurity threat’’ has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.073 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3345 June 7, 2018 
(D) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (E) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. 
SA 2457. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. REPORT ON CAPABILITIES OF THE COAST GUARD TO CONDUCT MARI-TIME LAW ENFORCEMENT ACTIVI-TIES ON THE HIGH SEAS AND IN SUPPORT OF INTERNATIONAL PART-NERS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth an assess-ment of the capabilities of the Coast Guard to conduct maritime law enforcement activi-ties on the high seas and in support of inter-national partners. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description and assessment of the current capabilities, capacity, and legal au-thority of the Coast Guard to conduct mari-time law enforcement activities described in subsection (a), including, in particular, ef-forts to combat activities as follows: (A) Human trafficking. (B) Forced labor. (C) Illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing. (D) Other illicit activity at sea. (2) A description and assessment of the technical coordination between the Coast Guard, on the one hand, and the Navy, part-ner nations, and non-governmental organiza-tions, on the other hand, to improve track-ing and detection of vessels engaged in ac-tivities described in paragraph (1). (3) A description of the requirements of the Coast Guard for support in maritime law en-forcement activities described in subsection (a) from the Navy (whether direct support or support through the processes of the geo-graphic combatant commands and the Global Force Management process) and partner na-tions, including materiel, personnel, logistic, and administrative requirements, including any such requirements that are currently unmet. (4) A description and assessment of any constraints on the ability of the Coast Guard to conduct maritime law enforcement activi-ties described in subsection (a), including lack of legal authority or limitations on legal authority. (5) Recommendations for legislative action to mitigate constraints described pursuant to paragraph (4). (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. SA 2458. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. UNSAFE OPERATION OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 31— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by redesignating paragraph (10) as para-graph (11); and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT .—The term ‘un-manned aircraft’ has the meaning given that term in section 331 of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘‘air-port’,’’ before ‘‘‘appliance’,’’; and (2) by inserting after section 39A the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 39B. Unsafe operation of unmanned air-craft ‘‘(a) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful to op-erate an unmanned aircraft and, in so doing, knowingly or recklessly interfering with, or disrupting the operation of, an aircraft or other airborne vehicle carrying 1 or more oc-cupants operating in the special aircraft ju-risdiction of the United States, in a manner that poses an imminent safety hazard to such occupants. ‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a person who violates sub-section (a) shall be fined under this title, im-prisoned for not more than 1 year, or both. ‘‘(2) S
ERIOUS BODILY INJURY OR DEATH .— Any person who attempts to cause, or know-ingly or recklessly causes, serious bodily in-jury or death while violating subsection (a) shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for any term of years or for life, or both. ‘‘(c) O
PERATION OF UNMANNED AIRCRAFT IN  C
LOSE PROXIMITY TO AIRPORTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The operation of an un-manned aircraft, including an operation cov-ered by section 336 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note), within a runway exclusion zone shall be considered a violation of sub-section (a) unless— ‘‘(A) the operator of the unmanned aircraft received prior authorization for the oper-ation from the air traffic control tower at the airport; or ‘‘(B) the operation is the result of a cir-cumstance, such as a malfunction, that could not have been reasonably foreseen or prevented by the operator. ‘‘(2) R
UNWAY EXCLUSION ZONE DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘runway exclusion zone’ means a rectangular area— ‘‘(A) centered on the centerline of a run-way of an airport; and ‘‘(B) the length of which extends parallel to the runway’s centerline to points that are 1 statute mile from each end of the runway and the width of which is 
1⁄2statute mile.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 2 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 39A the fol-lowing: ‘‘39B. Unsafe operation of unmanned air-craft.’’. SA 2459. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-self, Mr. G
RASSLEY , and Mr. C ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1086. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INFORMA-TION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) Nearly 2,000,000 corporations and lim-ited liability companies are being formed under the laws of the States each year. (2) Very few States obtain meaningful in-formation about the beneficial owners of the corporations and limited liability companies formed under their laws. (3) A person forming a corporation or lim-ited liability company within the United States typically provides less information to the State of incorporation than is needed to obtain a bank account or driver’s license and typically does not name a single beneficial owner. (4) Terrorists and other criminals have ex-ploited the weaknesses in State formation procedures to conceal their identities when forming corporations or limited liability companies in the United States, and have then used the newly created entities to sup-port terrorist organizations, drug trafficking organizations, and international organized crime groups, as well as commit misconduct affecting interstate and international com-merce such as trafficking in illicit drugs, il-legal arms trafficking, sex trafficking, money laundering, tax evasion, health care fraud, Internet-based fraud, securities fraud, financial fraud, intellectual property crimes, and acts of corruption. (5) Among those who have abused State in-corporation procedures is Victor Bout, a Russian arms dealer who used at least 12 companies incorporated in Texas, Florida, and Delaware to carry out his activities, and has been convicted, in part, for conspiring to sell weapons to a terrorist organization try-ing to kill citizens of the United States and Federal officers and employees. In addition, Iranian interests used a shell company formed in New York to purchase a 36-story building on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan and forwarded millions of dollars in rent each year to Iran until authorities in the United States learned of the transfers and seized the building. (6) Law enforcement efforts to investigate corporations and limited liability companies suspected of wrongdoing have been impeded by the lack of available beneficial ownership information, as documented in reports and testimony by officials from the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Se-curity, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of the Treasury, the Internal Revenue Service, the Govern-ment Accountability Office, and others. (7) In December 2016, a leading inter-national anti-money laundering and anti-ter-rorist financing organization, the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.074 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3346 June 7, 2018 
this subsection referred to as ‘‘FATF’’), of which the United States is a member, issued a report that criticized the United States for failing to comply with a FATF standard on the need to collect beneficial ownership in-formation. The report called the United States framework in this area ‘‘seriously de-ficient’’ and urged the United States to cor-rect this deficiency. (8) In response to the FATF report and to strengthen measures to protect homeland se-curity, Federal officials have repeatedly urged the States to improve their formation practices by obtaining beneficial ownership information for the corporations and limited liability companies formed under the laws of such States. But the States continue to form millions of corporations with hidden owners. (9) Many States have established auto-mated procedures that allow a person to form a new corporation or limited liability company within the State within 24 hours of filing an online application, without any prior review of the application by a State of-ficial. (10) Dozens of Internet websites highlight the anonymity of beneficial owners allowed under the formation practices of some States, point to those practices as a reason to incorporate in those States, and list those States together with offshore jurisdictions as preferred locations for the formation of new corporations, essentially inviting terror-ists and other wrongdoers to form entities within the United States. (11) In contrast to practices in the United States, countries around the world are work-ing to collect beneficial ownership informa-tion. The United Kingdom now collects bene-ficial ownership information for all compa-nies formed under its laws and makes the in-formation available to the public. All 28 countries in the European Union are re-quired to create, maintain, and update reg-istries of the beneficial ownership informa-tion of the corporations formed under the laws of those countries. The information must be freely available to law enforcement agencies, financial institutions, and third parties that can demonstrate a legitimate interest in the information. Afghanistan, Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, South Africa, the Ukraine, and many other countries are in the process of establishing mechanisms to collect beneficial ownership information for the companies created under their laws. (12) To reduce the vulnerability of the United States to wrongdoing by United States corporations and limited liability companies with hidden owners, protect inter-state and international commerce from ter-rorists and other criminals misusing United States corporations and limited liability companies, strengthen law enforcement in-vestigations of suspect corporations and lim-ited liability companies, set minimum stand-ards for and level the playing field among State formation practices, and bring the United States into compliance with inter-national anti-money laundering and anti-ter-rorist financing standards, Federal legisla-tion is needed to require the States to obtain beneficial ownership information for the cor-porations and limited liability companies formed under the laws of such States. (b) T
RANSPARENT INCORPORATION PRAC-
TICES .— (1) T
RANSPARENT INCORPORATION PRAC -
TICES .—Part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subpart 4—Transparent Incorporation Practices 
‘‘SEC. 531. TRANSPARENT INCORPORATION PRAC-TICES. 
‘‘(a) I NCORPORATION SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—To protect the United States from the misuse affecting interstate or foreign commerce of corporations and limited liability companies with hidden own-ers, each State that receives funding under subpart 1 shall, not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this subpart, use an incorporation system that meets the fol-lowing requirements: ‘‘(A) I
DENTIFICATION OF BENEFICIAL OWN -
ERS.—Except as provided in paragraph (3), each applicant to form a corporation or lim-ited liability company under the laws of the State is required to provide to the State dur-ing the formation process information on the beneficial owners of the corporation or lim-ited liability company that includes— ‘‘(i) identifies each beneficial owner by name, current residential or business street address, and a unique identifying number from a nonexpired passport issued by the United States or a nonexpired drivers license or identification card issued by a State; ‘‘(ii) if any beneficial owner exercises con-trol over the corporation or limited liability company through another legal entity, such as a corporation, partnership, or trust, iden-tifies each such legal entity and each such beneficial owner who will use that entity to exercise control over the corporation or lim-ited liability company; and ‘‘(iii) if the applicant is not a beneficial owner, provides the identification informa-tion described in clause (i) relating to the applicant. ‘‘(B) U
PDATED INFORMATION .—For each cor-poration or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State— ‘‘(i) the corporation or limited liability company is required by the State to submit to the State an updated list of the beneficial owners of the corporation or limited liability company and the information described in subparagraph (A) for each such beneficial owner not later than 60 days after the date of any change in the beneficial owners of the corporation or limited liability company; ‘‘(ii) in the case of a corporation or limited liability company formed or acquired by a formation agent and retained by the forma-tion agent as a beneficial owner for transfer to another person, the formation agent is re-quired by the State to submit to the State an updated list of the beneficial owners and the information described in subparagraph (A) for each such beneficial owner not later than 10 days after the date on which the for-mation agent transfers the corporation or limited liability company to another person; and ‘‘(iii) the corporation or limited liability company is required by the State to submit to the State an annual filing containing the list of the beneficial owners of the corpora-tion or limited liability company and the in-formation described in subparagraph (A) for each such beneficial owner. ‘‘(C) R
ETENTION OF INFORMATION .—Bene- ficial ownership information relating to each corporation or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State is re-quired to be maintained by the State until the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date that the corporation or limited liability company terminates under the laws of the State. ‘‘(D) I
NFORMATION REQUESTS .—Beneficial ownership information relating to each cor-poration or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State shall be provided by the State not later than 30 days after re-ceipt of— ‘‘(i) a civil, criminal, or administrative subpoena or a summons, or an equivalent of such a subpoena or summons, from a local, State, or Federal agency or a congressional committee or subcommittee; ‘‘(ii) a written request made by a Federal agency on behalf of another country under an international treaty, agreement, or con-vention, or an order under section 3512 of title 18, United States Code, or section 1782 of title 28, United States Code, issued in re-sponse to a request for assistance from a for-eign country; ‘‘(iii) a written request made by the Finan-cial Crimes Enforcement Network of the De-partment of the Treasury; or ‘‘(iv) a written request made by a financial institution, with the consent of the cus-tomer, for purposes of compliance by the fi-nancial institution with customer due dili-gence requirements under subsections (a)(2) and (h)(2) of section 5318 of title 31, United States Code, which the requesting financial institution shall maintain and safeguard in accordance with all applicable Federal and State laws related to bank records, and de-stroy upon satisfaction of those due dili-gence requirements, consistent with all ap-plicable Federal and State laws related to bank records. ‘‘(E) NO BEARER SHARE CORPORATIONS .—A corporation or limited liability company formed under the laws of the State may not issue a certificate in bearer form evidencing either a whole or fractional interest in the corporation or limited liability company. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS .—If an ap- plicant to form a corporation or limited li-ability company or a beneficial owner, offi-cer, director, or similar agent of a corpora-tion or limited liability company who is re-quired to provide identification information under this section does not have a non-expired passport issued by the United States or a nonexpired drivers license or identifica-tion card issued by a State, each application described in paragraph (1)(A) and each up-date described in paragraph (1)(B) shall in-clude a certification by a formation agent residing in the State that the formation agent— ‘‘(A) has obtained for each such person a current residential or business street address and a legible and credible copy of the pages of a nonexpired passport issued by the gov-ernment of a foreign country bearing a pho-tograph, date of birth, and unique identi-fying information for the person; ‘‘(B) has verified the name, address, and identity of each such person; ‘‘(C) will provide the information described in subparagraph (A) and the proof of verification described in subparagraph (B) upon request under the same circumstances as required for States under paragraph (1)(D); and ‘‘(D) will retain the information and proof of verification under this paragraph in the State in which the corporation or limited li-ability company is being or has been formed until the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date that the corporation or limited liability company terminates under the laws of the State. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPT ENTITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An incorporation sys-tem described in paragraph (1) shall require that an application for an entity described in clause (i) or (ii) of subsection (d)(2)(B) that is proposed to be formed under the laws of a State and that will be exempt from the bene-ficial ownership disclosure requirements under this section shall include in the appli-cation a certification by the applicant, or a prospective officer, director, or similar agent of the entity— ‘‘(i) identifying the specific provision of subsection (d)(2)(B) under which the entity proposed to be formed would be exempt from the beneficial ownership disclosure require-ments under paragraphs (1) and (2); ‘‘(ii) stating that the entity proposed to be formed meets the requirements for an entity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.075 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3347 June 7, 2018 
described under such provision of subsection (d)(2)(B); and ‘‘(iii) providing identification information for the applicant or prospective officer, di-rector, or similar agent making the certifi-cation in the same manner as provided under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) E
XISTING ENTITIES .—On and after the date that is 2 years after the date on which a State begins requiring beneficial ownership information in compliance with this section, an entity formed under the laws of the State before such effective date shall be considered to be a corporation or limited liability com-pany for purposes of this subsection unless an officer, director, or similar agent of the entity submits to the State a certification— ‘‘(i) identifying the specific provision of subsection (d)(2)(B) under which the entity is exempt from the requirements under para-graphs (1) and (2); ‘‘(ii) stating that the entity meets the re-quirements for an entity described under such provision of subsection (d)(2)(B); and ‘‘(iii) providing identification information for the officer, director, or similar agent making the certification in the same manner as provided under paragraph (1). ‘‘(C) E
XEMPT ENTITIES WITH AN OWNERSHIP  
INTEREST .—As part of the beneficial owner-ship information required under subsection (a)(1), neither an applicant seeking to form a corporation or limited liability company nor a corporation or limited liability company providing updated information is required to identify the beneficial owners of any entity that qualifies as an exempt entity under sub-section (d)(2)(B). ‘‘(b) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for any person to affect interstate or foreign commerce by failing to comply with this subpart by— ‘‘(A) knowingly providing, or attempting to provide, false or fraudulent beneficial ownership information, including a false or fraudulent identifying photograph, to a State or formation agent; ‘‘(B) willfully failing to provide complete or updated beneficial ownership information to a State or formation agent; ‘‘(C) knowingly disclosing the existence of a subpoena or summons (or the equivalent of a subpoena or summons) or a request for ben-eficial ownership information described in subsection (a)(1)(D), except— ‘‘(i) to the extent necessary to fulfill the authorized request; or ‘‘(ii) as authorized by the entity that issued the request described in subsection (a)(1)(D); or ‘‘(D) in the case of a formation agent, knowingly failing to obtain or maintain credible, legible, and updated beneficial own-ership information, including any required identifying photograph. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES .—In ad- dition to any civil or criminal penalty that may be imposed by a State, any person who violates paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty of not more than $1,000,000; and ‘‘(B) may be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more than 3 years, or both. ‘‘(c) R
ULES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out this sub-part, the Attorney General of the United States, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of the Treasury may issue joint guidance or a joint rule to specify how to verify beneficial ownership or other iden-tification information provided under this section, including under subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Any guidance or rule issued under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) may explain and clarify the definition of the term ‘beneficial owner’; but ‘‘(B) may not amend or alter the definition of the term ‘beneficial owner’ through changes to the definition directly or through the manner of implementation. ‘‘(3) NO GUIDANCE .—A failure to issue guid-ance or a rule under paragraph (1) shall not delay the effective date of the requirements under this subpart. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this section: ‘‘(1) B
ENEFICIAL OWNER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘beneficial owner’ means each natural person who, directly or indirectly— ‘‘(i) exercises substantial control over a corporation or limited liability company through ownership interests, voting rights, agreement, or otherwise; or ‘‘(ii) has a substantial interest in or re-ceives substantial economic benefits from the assets of a corporation or the assets of a limited liability company. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The term ‘beneficial owner’ shall not include— ‘‘(i) a minor child; ‘‘(ii) a person acting as a nominee, inter-mediary, custodian, or agent on behalf of an-other person; ‘‘(iii) a person acting solely as an employee of a corporation or limited liability company and whose control over or economic benefits from the corporation or limited liability company derives solely from the employ-ment status of the person; or ‘‘(iv) a creditor of a corporation or limited liability company, unless the creditor also meets the requirements of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) A
NTI-ABUSE RULE .—The exceptions under subparagraph (B) shall not apply if used for the purpose of evading, circum-venting, or abusing the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) or subsection (a). ‘‘(2) C
ORPORATION ; LIMITED LIABILITY COM -
PANY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the terms ‘corporation’ and ‘limited li-ability company’— ‘‘(i) have the meanings given such terms under the laws of the applicable State; and ‘‘(ii) include any non-United States entity eligible for registration or registered to do business as a corporation or limited liability company under the laws of the applicable State. ‘‘(B) E
XEMPT ENTITIES .—Subject to sub-section (a)(3), the terms ‘corporation’ and ‘limited liability company’ do not include an entity that— ‘‘(i) is— ‘‘(I) a business concern that is an issuer of a class of securities registered under section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 781) or that is required to file reports under section 15(d) of that Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)); ‘‘(II) a business concern constituted or sponsored by a State, a political subdivision of a State, under an interstate compact be-tween two or more States, by a department or agency of the United States, under the laws of the United States, or by an inter-national organization of which the United States is a member; ‘‘(III) a depository institution (as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813)); ‘‘(IV) a credit union (as defined in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752)); ‘‘(V) a bank holding company (as defined in section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1841)); ‘‘(VI) a broker or dealer (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c)) that is registered under sec-tion 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o); ‘‘(VII) an exchange or clearing agency (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c)) that is reg-istered under section 6 or 17A of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f and 78q–1); ‘‘(VIII) an investment company (as defined in section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3)) or an investment ad-visor (as defined in section 202(11) of the In-vestment Advisors Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b– 2(11))), if the company or adviser is reg-istered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or has filed an application for registration which has not been denied, under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.) or the Investment Advisor Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–1 et seq.); ‘‘(IX) an insurance company (as defined in section 2 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–2)) which is formed under the laws of and regulated by a State; ‘‘(X) a registered entity (as defined in sec-tion 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a)), or a futures commission mer-chant, introducing broker, commodity pool operator, or commodity trading advisor (as defined in section 1a of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 1a)) that is registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission; ‘‘(XI) a public accounting firm registered in accordance with section 102 of the Sar-banes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7212); ‘‘(XII) a public utility that provides tele-communications service, electrical power, natural gas, or water and sewer services within the United States; ‘‘(XIII) a religious institution or nonprofit entity that is described in section 501(c)(3) or 527 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(XIV) any business concern that— ‘‘(aa) employs more than 20 employees on a full-time basis in the United States; ‘‘(bb) files income tax returns in the United States demonstrating more than $5,000,000 in gross receipts or sales; ‘‘(cc) has an operating presence at a phys-ical location within the United States; and ‘‘(dd) has more than 100 shareholders; or ‘‘(XV) any corporation or limited liability company which is owned, in whole or in sub-stantial part, by an entity described in sub-clause (I), (II), (III), (IV), (V), (VI), (VII), (VIII), (IX), (X), (XI), (XII), (XIII), or (XIV); or ‘‘(ii) is within any class of business con-cerns which the Attorney General of the United States, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of the Treasury jointly determine in writing, upon the re-quest of a State, and through an order, guid-ance, or rule should be exempt from the re-quirements of subsection (a), because requir-ing beneficial ownership information from the business concern would not serve the public interest and would not assist law en-forcement efforts to detect, prevent, or pun-ish criminal or civil misconduct. ‘‘(3) F
ORMATION AGENT .—The term ‘forma-tion agent’ means a person who, for com-pensation, acts on behalf of another person to form, or assist in the formation, of a cor-poration or limited liability company under the laws of a State.’’. (2) F
UNDING AUTHORIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To carry out section 531 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by this sec-tion, and to protect the United States against the misuse affecting interstate or foreign commerce of corporations or limited liability companies with hidden owners, dur-ing the 3-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, funds shall be made 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.075 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3348 June 7, 2018 
available to each State (as that term is de-fined under section 901(a)(2) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3791(a)(2))), to pay reasonable costs to comply with the requirements of such sec-tion 531 from one or more of the following sources: (i) Upon written request by a State, and without further appropriation, the Attorney General of the United States shall make available or transfer to the State funds from excess unobligated balances (as defined in section 524(c)(8)(D) of title 28, United States Code) in the Department of Justice Assets Forfeiture Fund established under section 524(c) of title 28, United States Code. (ii) Upon written request by a State, after consultation with the Attorney General of the United States, and without further ap-propriation, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make available or transfer to the State funds from unobligated balances described in section 9705(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code, in the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund. (B) E
LIGIBLE COSTS .—The Attorney General and Secretary of the Treasury, in their sole discretion, shall determine what costs are reasonable for purposes of subparagraph (A), taking into account the maximum amount of funds available for distribution to States under subparagraph (C). (C) M
AXIMUM AMOUNTS .— (i) D
EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .—The Attorney General of the United States may not make available to States a total of more than $10,000,000 under subparagraph (A)(1). (ii) D
EPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY .—The Secretary of the Treasury may not make available to States a total of more than $30,000,000 under subparagraph (A)(2). (D) F
UNDING AVAILABILITY .—The amounts available to be provided to, and any amounts provided to, a State under subparagraph (A) shall be exempt from, and shall not be re-duced under, any order under section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a). (3) S
TATE COMPLIANCE REPORT .—Nothing in this section or an amendment made by this section authorizes the Attorney General of the United States to withhold from a State any funding otherwise available to the State under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.) because of a fail-ure by that State to comply with subpart 4 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by this section. Not later than 42 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report identifying which States are in compliance with subpart 4 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 and, for any State not in compliance, what measures must be taken by that State to achieve compliance with such subpart 4. (4) E
FFECT ON STATE LAW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—This section and the amendments made by this section do not su-persede, alter, or affect any statute, regula-tion, order, or interpretation in effect in any State, except where a State has elected to receive funding from the Department of Jus-tice under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.), and then only to the extent that such State statute, regu-lation, order, or interpretation is incon-sistent with this section or an amendment made by this section. (B) N
OT INCONSISTENT .—A State statute, regulation, order, or interpretation is not in-consistent with this section or an amend-ment made by this section if such statute, regulation, order, or interpretation— (i) requires additional information, more frequently updated information, or addi-tional measures to verify information re-lated to a corporation, limited liability com-pany, or beneficial owner, than is specified under this section or an amendment made by this section; or (ii) imposes additional limits on public ac-cess to the beneficial ownership information obtained by the State than is specified under this section or an amendment made by this section. (C) STATE RECORDS .—Nothing in this sec-tion or the amendments made by this section limits the authority of a State, by statute or otherwise, to disclose or to not disclose to the public all or any portion of the beneficial ownership information provided to the State under subpart 4 of part E of title I of the Om-nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by this section. (D) N
O DUTY OF VERIFICATION .—This section and the amendments made by this section do not impose any obligation on a State to verify the name, address, or identity of a beneficial owner whose information is sub-mitted to such State under subpart 4 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by this section. (5) F
EDERAL CONTRACTORS .—Not later than the first day of the first full fiscal year be-ginning at least 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy shall revise the Federal Acquisition Regulation maintained under section 1303(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, to require any bidder who is subject to the requirement to disclose bene-ficial ownership information under subpart 4 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by this section, to provide the infor-mation required to be disclosed under such subpart 4 to the Federal Government, or why it is exempt under section 531(d)(2)(B) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by this section, as part of any bid or proposal for a contract. (c) A
NTI-MONEY LAUNDERING AND ANTI-TER-
RORIST FINANCING OBLIGATIONS OF FORMATION  A
GENTS .— (1) A
NTI-MONEY LAUNDERING AND ANTI -TER-
RORIST FINANCING OBLIGATIONS OF FORMATION  
AGENTS .—Section 5312(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (Y), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (Z) as subparagraph (AA); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (Y) the following: ‘‘(Z) any person engaged in the business of forming corporations or limited liability companies; or’’. (2) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTING RULE FOR  
FORMATION AGENTS .— (A) P
ROPOSED RULE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity and the Attorney General of the United States, shall publish a proposed rule in the Federal Register requiring persons described in section 5312(a)(2)(Z) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by this subsection, to establish anti-money laundering programs under subsection (h) of section 5318 of that title. (B) F
INAL RULE .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall publish the rule described in this paragraph in final form in the Federal Register. (C) EXCLUSIONS .—Any rule promulgated under this paragraph shall exclude from the category of persons engaged in the business of forming a corporation or limited liability company— (i) any government agency; and (ii) any attorney or law firm that uses a paid formation agent operating within the United States to form the corporation or limited liability company. (d) S
TUDIES AND REPORTS .— (1) O
THER LEGAL ENTITIES .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report— (A) identifying each State that has proce-dures that enable persons to form or register under the laws of the State partnerships, trusts, charitable organizations, or other legal entities, and the nature of those proce-dures; (B) identifying each State that requires persons seeking to form or register partner-ships, trusts, charitable organizations, or other legal entities under the laws of the State to provide information about the bene-ficial owners (as that term is defined in sec-tion 531 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as added by this section) or beneficiaries of such entities, and the nature of the required information; (C) evaluating whether the lack of avail-able beneficial ownership information for partnerships, trusts, charitable organiza-tions, or other legal entities— (i) raises concerns about the involvement of such entities in terrorism, money laun-dering, tax evasion, securities fraud, traf-ficking in illicit drugs, or other criminal or civil misconduct; and (ii) has impeded investigations into enti-ties suspected of such misconduct; and (D) evaluating whether the failure of the United States to require beneficial owner-ship information for partnerships, trusts, charitable organizations, or other legal enti-ties formed or registered in the United States has elicited international criticism and what steps, if any, the United States has taken or is planning to take in response. (2) E
FFECTIVENESS OF INCORPORATION PRAC -
TICES .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report assessing the effectiveness of incorporation practices implemented under this section and the amendments made by this section in— (A) providing law enforcement agencies with prompt access to reliable, useful, and complete beneficial ownership information; and (B) strengthening the capability of law en-forcement agencies to combat incorporation abuses and other civil and criminal mis-conduct. 
SA 2460. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.075 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3349 June 7, 2018 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle l—Stopping Foreign Interference in Elections 
SEC. ll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Se-cret Foreign Interference in Elections Act’’. 
SEC. ll02. DONOR DISCLOSURE FOR CERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS ACCEPTING DONA-TIONS FROM FOREIGN NATIONALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 324 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30126) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 324. DONOR DISCLOSURE FOR CERTAIN OR-GANIZATIONS ACCEPTING DONA-TIONS FROM FOREIGN NATIONALS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
AMPAIGN -RELATED DISBURSEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘campaign-re-lated disbursement’ means a disbursement by a covered 501(c) organization for any of the following: ‘‘(i) An independent expenditure consisting of a public communication. ‘‘(ii) An electioneering communication, as defined in section 304(f)(3). ‘‘(iii) A covered transfer. ‘‘(B) I
NTENT NOT REQUIRED .—A disburse-ment for an item described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall be treated as a campaign-related disbursement regard-less of the intent of the person making the disbursement. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED 501(c) ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘covered 501(c) organization’ means any organization that— ‘‘(A) is described in section 501(c) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code (other than an organization described in sec-tion 501(c)(3) of such Code); and ‘‘(B) has received contributions or dona-tions in excess of $2,000 during the election reporting cycle from a foreign national. ‘‘(3) C
OVERED TRANSFER .—The term ‘cov-ered transfer’ means a transfer described in subsection (e). ‘‘(4) D
ISCLOSURE DATE .—The term ‘disclo-sure date’ means— ‘‘(A) the first date during any election re-porting cycle by which a person— ‘‘(i) has received contributions or dona-tions in excess of $2,000 from a foreign na-tional; and ‘‘(ii) has made campaign-related disburse-ments aggregating more than $10,000; and ‘‘(B) any other date during such election reporting cycle by which a covered 501(c) or-ganization has made campaign-related dis-bursements aggregating more than $10,000 since the most recent disclosure date for such election reporting cycle. ‘‘(5) E
LECTION REPORTING CYCLE .—The term ‘election reporting cycle’ means the 2-year period beginning on the date of the most re-cent general election for Federal office. ‘‘(6) F
OREIGN NATIONAL .—The term ‘foreign national’ has the meaning given such term under section 319. ‘‘(7) P
AYMENT .—The term ‘payment’ in-cludes any contribution, donation, transfer, payment of dues, or other payment. ‘‘(b) D
ISCLOSURE STATEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any covered 501(c) orga-nization that makes campaign-related dis-bursements aggregating more than $10,000 in an election reporting cycle shall, not later than 24 hours after each disclosure date, file a statement with the Commission made under penalty of perjury that contains the information described in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) in the case of the first statement filed under this subsection, for the period begin-ning on the first day of the election report-ing cycle and ending on the first such disclo-sure date; and ‘‘(B) in the case of any subsequent state-ment filed under this subsection, for the pe-riod beginning on the previous disclosure date and ending on such disclosure date. ‘‘(2) INFORMATION DESCRIBED .—The infor-mation described in this paragraph is as fol-lows: ‘‘(A) The name of the covered 501(c) organi-zation. ‘‘(B) The amount of each campaign-related disbursement made by such organization during the period covered by the statement of more than $1,000, and the name and ad-dress of the person to whom the disburse-ment was made. ‘‘(C) In the case of a campaign-related dis-bursement that is not a covered transfer, the election to which the campaign-related dis-bursement pertains and if the disbursement is made for a public communication, the name of any candidate identified in such communication and whether such commu-nication is in support of or in opposition to a candidate. ‘‘(D) For each payment to the covered 501(c) organization by a foreign national— ‘‘(i) the name and address of the foreign national who made such payment during the period covered by the statement; ‘‘(ii) the date and amount of such payment; and ‘‘(iii) the aggregate amount of all such payments made by the foreign national dur-ing the period beginning on the first day of the election reporting cycle and ending on the disclosure date, but only if such payment was made by a for-eign national who made payments to the covered 501(c) organization in an aggregate amount of $2,000 or more during the period beginning on the first day of the election re-porting cycle and ending on the disclosure date. ‘‘(E) Such other information as required in rules established by the Commission to pro-mote the purposes of this section. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS FOR AMOUNTS RECEIVED  
FROM AFFILIATES .—The requirement to in-clude in a statement submitted under para-graph (1) the information described in sub-paragraph (D) of paragraph (2) shall not apply to any amount which is described in subsection (e)(2)(A)(i). ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER REPORTS  F
ILED WITH THE COMMISSION .—Information included in a statement filed under this sec-tion may be excluded from statements and reports filed under section 304. ‘‘(d) F
ILING .—Statements required to be filed under subsection (a) shall be subject to the requirements of section 304(d) to the same extent and in the same manner as if such reports had been required under sub-section (c) or (g) of section 304. ‘‘(e) C
OVERED TRANSFER DEFINED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘covered transfer’ means any transfer or pay-ment of funds by a covered 501(c) organiza-tion to another person if the covered 501(c) organization— ‘‘(A) designates, requests, or suggests that the amounts be used for— ‘‘(i) campaign-related disbursements (other than covered transfers); or ‘‘(ii) making a transfer to another person for the purpose of making or paying for such campaign-related disbursements; ‘‘(B) made such transfer or payment in re-sponse to a solicitation or other request for a donation or payment for— ‘‘(i) the making of or paying for campaign- related disbursements (other than covered transfers); or ‘‘(ii) making a transfer to another person for the purpose of making or paying for such campaign-related disbursements; ‘‘(C) engaged in discussions with the recipi-ent of the transfer or payment regarding— ‘‘(i) the making of or paying for campaign- related disbursements (other than covered transfers); or ‘‘(ii) donating or transferring any amount of such transfer or payment to another per-son for the purpose of making or paying for such campaign-related disbursements; ‘‘(D) made campaign-related disbursements (other than a covered transfer) in an aggre-gate amount of $50,000 or more during the 2- year period ending on the date of the trans-fer or payment, or knew or had reason to know that the person receiving the transfer or payment made such disbursements in such an aggregate amount during that 2-year pe-riod; or ‘‘(E) knew or had reason to know that the person receiving the transfer or payment would make campaign-related disbursements in an aggregate amount of $50,000 or more during the 2-year period beginning on the date of the transfer or payment. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN TRANSFERS  
AMONG AFFILIATES .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN TRANSFERS  
AMONG AFFILIATES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered trans-fer’ does not include an amount transferred by one covered 501(c) organization to another covered 501(c) organization if such transfer is treated as a transfer between affiliates under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—If the aggregate amount of transfers described in clause (i) exceeds $50,000 in any election reporting cycle— ‘‘(I) the covered 501(c) organization which makes such transfers shall provide to the covered 501(c) organization receiving such transfers the information required under subsection (b)(2)(D) (applied by substituting ‘the period beginning on the first day of the election reporting cycle and ending on the date of the most recent transfer described in subsection (e)(2)(A)(i)’ for ‘the period covered by the statement’ in clause (i) thereof); and ‘‘(II) the covered 501(c) organization receiv-ing such transfers shall report the informa-tion described in subclause (I) on any state-ment filed under subsection (a)(1) as if any contribution, donation, or transfer to which such information relates was made directly to the covered 501(c) organization receiving the transfer. ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF TRANSFERS BETWEEN  
AFFILIATES .—A transfer of amounts from one covered 501(c) organization to another cov-ered 501(c) organization shall be treated as a transfer between affiliates if— ‘‘(i) one of the organizations is an affiliate of the other organization; or ‘‘(ii) each of the organizations is an affil-iate of the same organization, except that the transfer shall not be treated as a transfer between affiliates if one of the organizations is established for the purpose of making campaign-related disbursements. ‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION OF AFFILIATE STA -
TUS.—For purposes of this paragraph, the fol-lowing organizations shall be considered to be affiliated with each other: ‘‘(i) A membership organization, including a trade or professional association, and the related State and local entities of that orga-nization. ‘‘(ii) A national or international labor or-ganization and its State or local unions, or an organization of national or international unions and its State and local entities. ‘‘(D) C
OVERAGE OF TRANSFERS TO AFFILI -
ATED SECTION 501(c)(3) ORGANIZATIONS .—This paragraph shall apply with respect to an amount transferred by a covered 501(c) orga-nization to an organization described in paragraph (3) of section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code in the same 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.079 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3350 June 7, 2018 
manner as this paragraph applies to an amount transferred by a covered 501(c) orga-nization to another covered 501(c) organiza-tion.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 304(f)(6) of such Act (52 U.S.C. 30104) is amended by striking ‘‘Any requirement’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 324(c), any requirement’’. (c) C
OORDINATION WITHFINCEN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Finan-cial Crimes Enforcement Network of the De-partment of the Treasury shall provide the Federal Election Commission with such in-formation as necessary to assist in admin-istering and enforcing section 324 of the Fed-eral Election Campaign Act of 1971, as added by this subsection. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Federal Election Commis-sion, in consultation with the Director of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of the Treasury, shall sub-mit to Congress a report with recommenda-tions for providing further legislative au-thority to assist in the administration and enforcement of such section 324. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to disbursements made on or after January 1, 2019, and shall take effect without regard to whether or not the Federal Election Com-mission has promulgated regulations to carry out such amendments. 
SEC. ll03. DUE DILIGENCE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title III of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 325. CERTIFICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT TOFILE CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each covered organiza-tion that makes a report under section 304 with respect to an independent expenditure or a disbursement for the direct costs of pro-ducing an electioneering communication shall include with such report a certification described in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) C
OVERED 501(c) ORGANIZATIONS .—Each covered 501(c) organization (within the meaning of section 324) that makes a report under section 324 with respect to a cam-paign-related disbursement shall include with such report a certification described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A certification is de-scribed in this subsection if the certification is made by the principal executive officer or officers and the principal financial officer or officers of such covered organization, or per-sons performing similar functions, stating that— ‘‘(A) the signing officer has reviewed the report; ‘‘(B) the organization has met the due dili-gence requirements under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(C) based on the officer’s knowledge, none of the funds used to make any expenditure or disbursement described in the report or statement were provided by a foreign na-tional (as defined in section 319). ‘‘(2) D
UE DILIGENCE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The due diligence re-quirement under this paragraph shall be met if the organization affirmatively verifies that each contribution or donation received by the organization during the 2-year period ending on the date of the expenditure or dis-bursement described in subsection (a) was not a contribution or donation that was made, directly or indirectly, by a foreign na-tional (within the meaning of section 319). ‘‘(B) U
SE OF SEGREGATED ACCOUNT .—In the case of an organization with a separate seg-regated account from which the expenditure or disbursement described in subsection (a) was made, subparagraph (A) shall be applied only with respect to contributions and dona-tions made to such account. ‘‘(c) COVERED ORGANIZATION DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘covered organiza-tion’ means any of the following: ‘‘(1) A corporation (other than an organiza-tion described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986). ‘‘(2) A limited liability corporation that is not otherwise treated as a corporation for purposes of this Act (other than an organiza-tion described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986). ‘‘(3) An organization described in section 501(c) of such Code and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code (other than an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of such Code). ‘‘(4) A labor organization (as defined in sec-tion 316(b)). ‘‘(5) Any political organization under sec-tion 527 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, other than a political committee under this Act (except as provided in paragraph (6)). ‘‘(6) A political committee with an account that accepts donations or contributions that do not comply with the contribution limits or source prohibitions under this Act, but only with respect to such accounts.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to reports required to be filed after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (b) R
EPORTING OF SUSPICIOUS DONATIONS .— (1) C
OVERED 501(c) ORGANIZATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 501 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(s) R
EQUIREMENT TOREPORT CERTAIN CON-
TRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No organization de-scribed in subsection (c) (other than an orga-nization described in paragraph (3) thereof) shall be exempt from tax under subsection (a) unless such organization reports any dis-qualified foreign contribution, not later than 15 days after receiving such contribution, to the entities listed in paragraph (3). ‘‘(2) D
ISQUALIFIED FOREIGN CONTRIBUTION .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘disqualified foreign contribution’ means any donation or contribution received from for-eign national (within the meaning of section 319 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971) and which is made or received for a pur-pose described in section 319(a) of such Act. ‘‘(3) E
NTITIES .—The entities described in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) The Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(B) The Federal Election Commission. ‘‘(C) The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of Treasury. ‘‘(D) The Department of Justice.’’. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this paragraph shall apply to con-tributions made after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (2) C
ORPORATE ENTITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each corporation and each limited liability corporation that is not otherwise treated as a corporation under the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 shall report any disqualified foreign contribution (as defined in section 501(s) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), not later than 15 days after receiving such contribution, to the fol-lowing entities: (i) The Federal Election Commission. (ii) The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of Treasury. (iii) The Department of Justice. (B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any entity that is an organiza-tion described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) CRIMINAL PENALTY .—Any person who fails to make a report under subparagraph (A) shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not more than $100,000, or imprisoned not more than 1 year, or both, together with the costs of prosecution. 
SA 2461. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-self and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON ESTABLISHING COR-PORATIONS TO CONCEAL ELECTION CONTRIBUTIONS AND DONATIONS BY FOREIGN NATIONALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 29 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 612. Establishment of corporation to con-ceal election contributions and donations by foreign nationals ‘‘(a) O
FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful for an owner, officer, attorney, or incorporation agent of a corporation, company, or other entity to establish or use the corporation, company, or other entity with the intent to conceal an activity of a foreign national (as defined in section 319 of the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (52 U.S.C. 30121)) pro-hibited under such section 319. ‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates subsection (a) shall be imprisoned for not more than 5 years, fined under this title, or both.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 29 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 611 the following: ‘‘612. Establishment of corporation to con-ceal election contributions and donations by foreign nation-als.’’. 
SA 2462. Mr. YOUNG (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. REPORTS ON OUTSTANDING GOVERN-MENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE AND INSPECTOR GENERAL REC-OMMENDATIONS; AGENCY STATE-MENTS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ means— (1) a designated Federal entity, as defined in section 8G(a)(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (2) an establishment, as defined in section 12(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.079 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3351 June 7, 2018 
(b) R EQUIRED REPORTS .—In the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, as submitted with the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, each agency shall include— (1) a report listing each public rec-ommendation of the Government Account-ability Office that is designated by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’ as of the date on which the annual budget justification is sub-mitted; (2) a report listing each public rec-ommendation for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency for which no final action has been taken as of the date on which the annual budget jus-tification is submitted; and (3) a report on the implementation status of each public recommendation described in paragraphs (1) and (2), which shall include— (A) with respect to a public recommenda-tion that is designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’— (i) that the agency has decided not to im-plement, a detailed justification for the deci-sion; or (ii) that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for full implementation; (B) with respect to a public recommenda-tion for corrective action from the Office of Inspector General of the agency for which no final action or action not recommended has been taken, an explanation of the reasons why no final action or action not rec-ommended was taken with respect to each audit report to which the public rec-ommendation for corrective action pertains; (C) with respect to an outstanding unimplemented public recommendation from the Office of Inspector General of the agency that the agency has decided to adopt, a timeline for implementation; and (D) an explanation for any discrepancy be-tween— (i) the reports submitted under paragraphs (1) and (2); (ii) the semiannual reports submitted by the Office of Inspector General of the agency under section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (iii) reports submitted by the Government Accountability Office relating to public rec-ommendations that are designated by the Government Accountability Office as ‘‘open’’ or ‘‘closed, unimplemented’’. (c) C
OPIES OF SUBMISSIONS .—Each agency shall provide a copy of the information sub-mitted under subsection (b) to the Govern-ment Accountability Office and the Office of Inspector General of the agency. (d) T
IMELINE FOR AGENCY STATEMENTS .— Section 720(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘61st’’ and inserting ‘‘181st’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60’’ and inserting ‘‘180’’. 
SA 2463. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 42, line 3, strike ‘‘and’’ and all that follows through line 4, and insert the fol-lowing: (F) program management; and (G) efforts to ensure that excessive sustainment costs do not threaten the De-partment of Defense’s ability to purchase the required number of aircraft. SA 2464. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. MICROLOAN PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘intermediary’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 7(m)(11) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(11)); and (2) the term ‘‘microloan program’’ means the program established under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)). (b) M
ICROLOAN INTERMEDIARY LENDING  L
IMIT INCREASED .—Section 7(m)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$6,000,000’’. (c) SBA S
TUDY OF MICROENTERPRISE PAR-
TICIPATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration shall conduct a study and submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Represent-atives a report on— (1) the operations (including services pro-vided, structure, size, and area of operation) of a representative sample of— (A) intermediaries that are eligible to par-ticipate in the microloan program and that do participate; and (B) intermediaries (including those oper-ated for profit, operated not for profit, and those affiliated with a United States institu-tion of higher learning) that are eligible to participate in the microloan program and that do not participate; (2) the reasons why intermediaries de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B) choose not to par-ticipate in the microloan program; (3) recommendations on how to encourage increased participation in the microloan pro-gram by intermediaries described in para-graph (1)(B); and (4) recommendations on how to decrease the costs associated with participation in the microloan program for eligible inter-mediaries. (d) GAO S
TUDY ON MICROLOAN INTER -
MEDIARY PRACTICES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report evalu-ating— (1) oversight of the microloan program by the Small Business Administration, includ-ing oversight of intermediaries participating in the microloan program; and (2) the specific processes used by the Small Business Administration to ensure— (A) compliance by intermediaries partici-pating in the microloan program; and (B) the overall performance of the microloan program. SA 2465. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1607. MODIFICATION TO LAUNCH SUPPORT AND INFRASTRUCTURE MODERNIZA-TION. 
Section 1609(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by inserting ‘‘and United States spaceports that actively sup-port national security missions’’ before the period at the end. 
SA 2466. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. DESIGNATION OF LIU XIAOBO PLAZA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF PLAZA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The area between the intersections of International Drive, North-west and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, Northwest and Inter-national Place, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, shall be known and designated as ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the area referred to in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to Liu Xiaobo Plaza. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF ADDRESS .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The address of 3505 Inter-national Place, Northwest, Washington, Dis-trict of Columbia, shall be redesignated as 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the address re-ferred to in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a reference to 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza. (c) S
IGNS.—The Administrator of General Services shall construct street signs that shall— (1) contain the phrase ‘‘Liu Xiaobo Plaza’’; (2) be similar in design to the signs used by Washington, District of Columbia, to des-ignate the location of Metro stations; and (3) be placed on— (A) the parcel of Federal property that is closest to 1 Liu Xiaobo Plaza (as redesig-nated by subsection (b)); and (B) the street corners of International Drive, Northwest and Van Ness Street, Northwest and International Drive, North-west and International Place, Northwest, Washington, District of Columbia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.084 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3352 June 7, 2018 
SA 2467. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1239l. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO THE MINISTRY OF THE INTERIOR OF THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAQ. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act for assist-ance to the Ministry of the Interior of the Government of Iraq may be obligated or ex-pended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State jointly certify to the appropriate committees of Congress that such funds, including funds for the provision of intelligence sharing, will not be disbursed by the United States to any group that is, or that is known to be, affili-ated with the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps–Quds Force or other state sponsor of terrorism. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the Iraq Train and Equip Fund is no longer in effect, the Sec-retary of State should submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the implementation of this section. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2468. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1257l. REPORT ON MILITARY INSTALLA-TION OF CHINA IN THE REPUBLIC OF DJIBOUTI. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: (1) An assessment of the impact of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China’s first overseas mili-tary installation in the Republic of Djibouti on the ability of the United States forces to operate in the region. (2) An assessment of China’s ability to ob-tain sensitive information and impact oper-ations conducted from Camp Lemmonier in Djibouti, the largest United States military installation on the African continent. (3) An assessment of the ability of the President of Djibouti to terminate by all methods, including by simple decree, the De-partment of Defense’s lease agreement gov-erning operation of Camp Lemmonier. (4) An assessment of the impact of the Chi-nese base in Djibouti on security and safety of United States personnel in Djibouti. (5) An assessment of the status of China’s compliance with the Protocol on Blinding Laser Weapons, which forbids employment of laser weapons. (6) An assessment of the laser attack in Djibouti that injured United States airmen. (7) An assessment of Djibouti’s compliance with its treaty obligations under the Ottawa Convention to end the use of landmines. (b) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2469. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 316. CORE SAMPLING AT JOINT BASE SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS. 
(a) S ITE INVESTIGATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct a core sampling study along the proposed route of the W-6 wastewater treatment line on Air Force real property, in compliance with best engineering practices, to deter-mine if any regulated or hazardous sub-stances are present in the soil along the pro-posed route. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the results of the core samples taken pursuant to subsection (a). 
SA 2470. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2823. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO WITH-DRAWAL AND RESERVATION OF PUBLIC LAND AUTHORITY, LIME-STONE HILLS TRAINING AREA, MON-TANA. 
Section 2931(b) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1031) is amended by striking ‘‘18,644 acres in Broadwater County, Montana, generally de-picted as ‘Proposed Land Withdrawal’ on the map entitled ‘Limestone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’, dated April 10, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘18,964 acres in Broadwater Coun-ty, Montana, generally depicted as ‘Lime-stone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’ on the map entitled ‘Limestone Hills Train-ing Area Land Withdrawal’, dated May 11, 2017’’. SA 2471. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. STRATEGY TO RECRUIT AND RETAIN MENTAL HEALTH PROVIDERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a strategy to recruit and retain mental health pro-viders, including psychiatrists, psycholo-gists, mental health nurse practitioners, li-censed social workers, and other licensed providers of the military health system. 
SA 2472. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. REPORT ON MEDICATION PRESCRIBING PRACTICES OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the practices used by the Depart-ment of Defense for prescribing medication during fiscal years 2013 through 2017 that were inconsistent with the post-traumatic stress disorder medication guidelines devel-oped by the Department. 
SA 2473. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.085 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3353 June 7, 2018 
SEC. 2823. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO WITH-DRAWAL AND RESERVATION OF PUBLIC LAND AUTHORITY, LIME-STONE HILLS TRAINING AREA, MON-TANA. 
Section 2931(b) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1031) is amended by striking ‘‘18,644 acres in Broadwater County, Montana, generally de-picted as ‘Proposed Land Withdrawal’ on the map entitled ‘Limestone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’, dated April 10, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘18,964 acres in Broadwater Coun-ty, Montana, generally depicted as ‘Lime-stone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’ on the map entitled ‘Limestone Hills Train-ing Area Land Withdrawal’, dated May 11, 2017’’. 
SA 2474. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARNING SYSTEM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Agency; (2) the term ‘‘Agency’’ means the Federal Emergency Management Agency; (3) the term ‘‘public alert and warning sys-tem’’ means the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States de-scribed in section 526 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321o); (4) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security; and (5) the term ‘‘State’’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Vir-gin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and any possession of the United States. (b) I
NTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-
INGSYSTEM SUBCOMMITTEE .—Section 2 of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 143; 130 Stat. 327) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (6)(B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii)(VII), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) recommendations for best practices of State, tribal, and local governments to follow to maintain the integrity of the pub-lic alert and warning system, including— ‘‘(I) the procedures for State, tribal, and local government officials to authenticate civil emergencies and initiate, modify, and cancel alerts transmitted through the public alert and warning system, including proto-cols and technology capabilities for— ‘‘(aa) the initiation, or prohibition on the initiation, of alerts by a single authorized or unauthorized individual; and ‘‘(bb) testing a State, tribal, or local gov-ernment incident management and warning tool without accidentally initiating an alert through the public alert and warning sys-tem; ‘‘(II) the standardization, functionality, and interoperability of incident management and warning tools used by State, tribal, and local governments to notify the public of an emergency through the public alert and warning system; ‘‘(III) the training and recertification of emergency management personnel on best practices for originating and transmitting an alert through the public alert and warning system; and ‘‘(IV) the procedures, protocols, and guid-ance concerning the protective action plans that State, tribal, and local governments should issue to the public following an alert issued under the public alert and warning system.’’; (B) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(i) INITIAL REPORT .—Not later than’’; (II) in clause (i), as so designated, by strik-ing ‘‘paragraph (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (6)(B)’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) S
ECOND REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this clause, the Subcommittee shall submit to the National Advisory Council a report con-taining any recommendations required to be developed under paragraph (6)(B)(iii) for ap-proval by the National Advisory Council.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘re-port’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘reports’’; (C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘3’’ and in-serting ‘‘5’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021’’. (c) I
NTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARNING  S
YSTEM PARTICIPATORY REQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator shall— (1) consider the recommendations sub-mitted by the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Subcommittee to the Na-tional Advisory Council under section 2(b)(7) of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–143; 130 Stat. 331), as amended by subsection (b) of this section; and (2) not later than 120 days after the date on which the recommendations described in subparagraph (A) are submitted, establish minimum requirements for State, tribal, and local governments to participate in the pub-lic alert and warning system consistent with all public notice rules and regulations in law. (d) I
NCIDENT MANAGEMENT AND WARNING  T
OOLVALIDATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish a process to ensure that an inci-dent management and warning tool used by a State, tribal, or local government to origi-nate and transmit an alert through the pub-lic alert and warning system meets the min-imum requirements established by the Ad-ministrator under subsection (c)(2). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The process required to be established under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the ability to test an incident manage-ment and warning tool in the public alert and warning system lab; (B) the ability to certify that an incident management and warning tool complies with the applicable cyber frameworks of the De-partment of Homeland Security and the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology; (C) a process to certify developers of emer-gency management software; and (D) requiring developers to provide the Ad-ministrator with a copy of and rights of use for ongoing testing of each version of inci-dent management and warning tool software before the software is first used by a State, tribal, or local government. (e) REVIEW AND UPDATE OF MEMORANDA OF  U
NDERSTANDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall review the memoranda of understanding be-tween the Agency and State, tribal, and local governments with respect to the public alert and warning system to ensure that all agreements ensure compliance with any minimum requirements established by the Administrator under subsection (c)(2). (2) F
UTURE MEMORANDA .—The Adminis-trator shall ensure that any new memo-randum of understanding entered into be-tween the Agency and a State, tribal, or local government on or after the date of en-actment of this Act with respect to the pub-lic alert and warning system ensures that the agreement requires compliance with any minimum requirements established by the Administrator under subsection (c)(2). (f) M
ISSILE ALERT AND WARNING AUTHORI -
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) A
UTHORITY .—Beginning on the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the authority to originate an alert warning the public of a missile launch directed against a State using the public alert and warning system shall reside pri-marily with the Federal Government. (B) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary may delegate the authority described in subparagraph (A) to a State, tribal, or local entity if, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary submits to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report stating that— (i) it is not feasible for the Federal Govern-ment to alert the public of a missile threat against a State; or (ii) it is not in the national security inter-est of the United States for the Federal Gov-ernment to alert the public of a missile threat against a State. (C) A
CTIVATION OF SYSTEM .—Upon verification of a missile threat, the Presi-dent, utilizing established authorities, proto-cols and procedures, may activate the public alert and warning system. (2) R
EQUIRED PROCESSES .—The Secretary, acting through the Administrator, shall es-tablish a process to promptly notify a State warning point, and any State entities that the Administrator determines appropriate, of follow-up actions to a missile launch alert so the State may take appropriate action to protect the health, safety, and welfare of the residents of the State following the issuance of an alert described in paragraph (1)(A) for that State. (3) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary, acting through the Administrator, shall work with the Governor of a State warning point to de-velop and implement appropriate protective action plans to respond to an alert described in paragraph (1)(A) for that State. (4) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (A) examine the feasibility of establishing an alert designation under the public alert and warning system that would be used to alert and warn the public of a missile threat while concurrently alerting a State warning point so that a State may activate related protective action plans; and (B) submit a report of the findings under subparagraph (A), including of the costs and timeline for taking action to implement an alert designation described in subparagraph (A), to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.086 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3354 June 7, 2018 
(i) the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (iii) the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (iv) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (g) A
WARENESS OF ALERTS AND WARNINGS .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) conduct a review of— (A) the Emergency Operations Center of the Agency; and (B) the National Watch Center and each Regional Watch Center of the Agency; and (2) submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives a re-port on the review conducted under para-graph (1), which shall include— (A) an assessment of the technical capa-bility of the Emergency Operations Center and the National and Regional Watch Cen-ters described in paragraph (1) to be notified of alerts and warnings issued by a State through the public alert and warning sys-tem; (B) a determination of which State alerts and warnings the Emergency Operations Center and the National and Regional Watch Centers described in paragraph (1) should be aware of; and (C) recommendations for improving the ability of the National and Regional Watch Centers described in paragraph (1) to receive any State alerts and warnings that the Ad-ministrator determines are appropriate. (h) T
IMELINE FOR COMPLIANCE .—Each State shall be given a reasonable amount of time to comply with any new rules, regulations, or requirements imposed under this section or the amendments made by this section. 
SA 2475. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1026. REVIEW AND PUBLIC RELEASE OF CERTAIN RECORDS CONCERNING SOURCES OF SUPPORT FOR AL QAEDA AND THE TERRORIST AT-TACKS OF SEPTEMBER 11, 2001. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered agency’’ means the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, the Department of State, and the Central Intelligence Agency (including any component of such a department or agency). (b) R
EVIEW AND PUBLIC RELEASE OF CER-
TAIN RECORDS CONCERNING SOURCES OF SUP-
PORT FOR ALQAEDA AND THE TERRORIST AT-
TACKS OF SEPTEMBER 11, 2001.—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and in the interest of providing the greatest possible transparency as to the sources of support that enabled al Qaeda to carry out the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, each covered agency shall— (1) review any and all records of the cov-ered agency that are responsive to subpoenas served upon the covered agency between March 28, 2018 and June 11, 2018 by plaintiffs in the consolidated multidistrict litigation proceeding In re: Terrorist Attacks on Sep-tember 11, 2001, No. 03 MDL 1570 (S.D.N.Y.); and (2) produce any responsive documents, to the fullest extent possible under governing law, including rule 26(b)(1) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. SA 2476. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1037. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCT OF FIRST- USE NUCLEAR STRIKES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the President may not use the Armed Forces of the United States to conduct a first-use nuclear strike unless such strike is conducted pursuant to a declaration of war by Congress that ex-pressly authorizes such strike. (b) F
IRST-USENUCLEAR STRIKE DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘first-use nuclear strike’’ means an attack using nuclear weap-ons against an enemy that is conducted without the President determining that the enemy has first launched a nuclear strike against the United States or an ally of the United States. 
SA 2477. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. IMPLEMENTATION OF GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE REPORT RECOMMENDATIONS ON MILITARY INSTALLATION PLANNING, COL-LABORATION, AND ADAPTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall fully implement the recommendations in GAO report 18-206. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the implementation status of each rec-ommendation in GAO-18-206 until all of the recommendations are implemented. The re-port shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SA 2478. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 583. ATOMIC VETERANS SERVICE MEDAL. 
(a) S ERVICE MEDAL REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall design and produce a military service medal, to be known as the ‘‘Atomic Veterans Service Medal’’, to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiation-exposed veterans (as such term is defined in section 1112(c)(3) of title 38, United States Code). (b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF MEDAL .— (1) I
SSUANCE TO RETIRED AND FORMER MEM -
BERS .—At the request of a radiation-exposed veteran, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the veteran. (2) I
SSUANCE TO NEXT -OF-KIN.—In the case of a radiation-exposed veteran who is de-ceased, the Secretary may provide for issuance of the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the next-of-kin of the person. (3) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall pre-pare and disseminate as appropriate an ap-plication by which radiation-exposed vet-erans and their next-of-kin may apply to re-ceive the Atomic Veterans Service Medal. 
SA 2479. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 1650. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON OR W80 WARHEAD LIFE EXTENSION PROGRAM. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act or any other provision of law, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense or the Depart-ment of Energy may be obligated or ex-pended for the research, development, test, and evaluation or procurement of the long- range standoff weapon or for the W80 war-head life extension program. 
SA 2480. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.086 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3355 June 7, 2018 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. CONSOLIDATION OF JOINT SPECTRUM CENTER TO FORT MEADE, MARY-LAND. 
(a) M OVEMENT OR CONSOLIDATION OF JOINT S
PECTRUM CENTER TO FORT MEADE , M ARY-
LAND .—The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions, as soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, to move, consolidate, or both, the offices of the Joint Spectrum Center to the Defense Infor-mation Systems Agency headquarters build-ing at Fort Meade, Maryland, for national security purposes to ensure the physical and cybersecurity protection of personnel and missions of the Department of Defense. (b) A
UTHORIZATION .—Any facility, road, or infrastructure constructed or altered on a military installation as a result of this sec-tion is deemed to be authorized in accord-ance with section 2802 of title 10, United States Code. (c) T
ERMINATION OF EXISTING LEASE .—Upon completion of the relocation of the Joint Spectrum Center, all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to the exist-ing lease for the Joint Spectrum Center shall be terminated. (d) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 2887 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 569) is here-by repealed. 
SA 2481. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 521 and insert the following: 
SEC. 521. DATE OF RANK OF COMMISSIONED NA-TIONAL GUARD OFFICERS PRO-MOTED TO A HIGHER GRADE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 14308(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The effective date’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘on which such Federal recognition in that grade is so extended’’ and inserting ‘‘of the ap-proval of the promotion of the officer to that grade by the State concerned’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) Notwithstanding subsection (c)(1), the date of rank in a higher grade of an offi-cer whose effective date of promotion to such grade is governed by paragraph (1) shall be such effective date of promotion. ‘‘(B) The specification of the date of rank of an officer in a grade pursuant to subpara-graph (A) shall be deemed an adjustment of the date of rank of the officer to that grade in the manner of section 741(d)(4) of this title, pursuant to subsection (c)(2), to which section 741(d)(4)(C) of this title shall apply, notwithstanding subsection (c)(3).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to National Guard officers whose promotion receive Federal recognition after that date, regardless of whether such promotion was approved by the State concerned before that date. SA 2482. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 7ll. REQUIREMENT TO USE HUMAN-BASED METHODS FOR CERTAIN MEDICAL TRAINING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 101 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2017. Use of human-based methods for cer-tain medical training ‘‘(a) C
OMBAT TRAUMA INJURIES .—(1) Not later than October 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall develop, test, and validate human-based training methods for the pur-pose of training members of the armed forces in the treatment of combat trauma injuries with the goal of replacing live animal-based training methods. ‘‘(2) Not later than October 1, 2022, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) shall only use human-based training methods for the purpose of training members of the armed forces in the treatment of com-bat trauma injuries; and ‘‘(B) may not use animals for such purpose. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR PARTICULAR COMMANDS  
AND TRAINING METHODS .—(1) The Secretary may exempt a particular command, par-ticular training method, or both, from the requirement for human-based training meth-ods under subsection (a)(2) if the Secretary determines that human-based training meth-ods will not provide an educationally equiva-lent or superior substitute for live animal- based training methods for such command or training method, as the case may be. ‘‘(2) Any exemption under this subsection— ‘‘(A) shall be for such period, not more than one year, as the Secretary shall specify in granting the exemption; and ‘‘(B) may be renewed (subject to subpara-graph (A)). ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—(1) Not later than October 1, 2018, and each year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the develop-ment and implementation of human-based training methods for the purpose of training members of the armed forces in the treat-ment of combat trauma injuries under this section. ‘‘(2) Each report under this subsection on or after October 1, 2022, shall include a de-scription of any exemption under subsection (b) that is in force at the time of such report and a current justification for such exemp-tion. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘combat trauma injuries’ means severe injuries likely to occur during combat, including— ‘‘(A) hemorrhage; ‘‘(B) tension pneumothorax; ‘‘(C) amputation resulting from blast in-jury; ‘‘(D) compromises to the airway; and ‘‘(E) other injuries. ‘‘(2) The term ‘human-based training meth-ods’ means, with respect to training individ-uals in medical treatment, the use of sys-tems and devices that do not use animals, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) simulators; ‘‘(B) partial task trainers; ‘‘(C) moulage; ‘‘(D) simulated combat environments; ‘‘(E) human cadavers; and ‘‘(F) rotations in civilian and military trauma centers. ‘‘(3) The term ‘partial task trainers’ means training aids that allow individuals to learn or practice specific medical procedures.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 101 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2017. Use of human-based methods for cer-tain medical training.’’. 
SA 2483. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. llll. FUNDING FOR NSF CYBER SCHOL-ARSHIP-FOR-SERVICE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NCREASED FUNDING .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the National Science Foundation for the Federal cyber scholarship-for-service program under section 302 of the Cybersecu-rity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442) is increased by $50,000,000. (b) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for the B–21 aircraft is hereby re-duced by $50,000,000. 
SA 2484. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. llll. FUNDING FOR NSF CYBER SCHOL-ARSHIP-FOR-SERVICE PROGRAM. 
The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the National Science Foundation for the Federal cyber scholar-ship-for-service program under section 302 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442) is increased by $50,000,000. 
SA 2485. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON SECURITY VULNERABILITIES IN SIGNALING SYSTEM NO. 7. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-port on the effect of security vulnerabilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.087 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3356 June 7, 2018 
in Signaling System No. 7. Such report shall include the following: (1) A description of how vulnerabilities in Signaling System No. 7 have been exploited by foreign adversaries to target personnel of the Department of Defense. (2) A description of the steps that the Sec-retary has taken to mitigate such vulnerabilities. 
SA 2486. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON CELL SITE SIMULATORS DETECTED NEAR FACILITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a full accounting of cell site simulators detected near facilities of the Department of Defense during the three year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act and the ac-tions taken by the Secretary to protect per-sonnel of the Department, their families, and facilities of the Department from foreign powers using such technology to conduct surveillance. 
SA 2487. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1006. FINANCIAL AUDIT FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Department of De-fense does not obtain an unmodified audit opinion on its full financial statements for fiscal year 2023 by March 31, 2024, the Sec-retary of Defense shall establish a fund to be known as the ‘‘Financial Audit Fund’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Fund’’) for the purpose of activities for the resolution of Notices of Findings and Recommendations received. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Amounts in the Fund shall include the following: (1) Amounts appropriated to the Fund. (2) Amounts transferred to the Fund under subsection (d). (3) Any other amounts authorized for transfer or deposit into the Fund by law. (c) A
VAILABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts in the Fund shall be available for activities for the reso-lution of Notices of Findings and Rec-ommendations received. (2) T
RANSFERS FROM FUND .—Amounts in the Fund may be transferred to any other ac-count of the Department in order to fund ac-tivities described in paragraph (1). Any amounts transferred from the Fund to an ac-count shall be merged with amounts in the account to which transferred and shall be available subject to the same terms and con-ditions as amounts in such account. The au-thority to transfer amounts under this para-graph is in addition to any other authority of the Secretary to transfer amounts by law. (3) LIMITATIONS .—Amounts in the Fund may be transferred under this subsection in a fiscal year only to agencies and organiza-tions of the Department that have an ob-tained an unmodified audit opinion on their financial statements for at least one of the two preceding fiscal years. Amounts so transferred shall be available only to permit the agency or organization to which trans-ferred to carry out activities described in paragraph (1). (d) T
RANSFERS TO FUND IN CONNECTION  W
ITHCERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) R
EDUCTION IN AMOUNT AVAILABLE .—Sub- ject to paragraph (2), if during any fiscal year after fiscal year 2023 the Secretary de-termines that an agency or organization of the Department has not achieved an unmodi-fied audit opinion on its full financial state-ments, is being identified as not audit ready, is receiving a disclaimer of opinion on its fi-nancial statements, or is receiving an ad-verse opinion on its financial statements for the calendar year ending during such fiscal year— (A) the amount available to such agency or organization for the fiscal year in which such determination is made shall be equal to— (i) the amount otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such agency or organization for the fiscal year; minus (ii) the lesser of— (I) an amount equal to 0.5 percent of the amount described in clause (i); or (II) $100,000,000; and (B) the Secretary shall deposit in the Fund pursuant to subsection (b)(2) all amounts un-available to agencies and organizations of the Department in the fiscal year pursuant to determinations made under subparagraph (A). (2) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO AMOUNTS FOR MILI -
TARY PERSONNEL .—Any reduction applicable to an agency or organization of the Depart-ment under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year shall not apply to amounts, if any, available to such agency or organization for the fiscal year for military personnel. (3) L
IMITATION ON FUNDS TRANSFERRABLE .— The authority to transfer amounts pursuant to this subsection applies only with respect to amounts that are appropriated after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) R
EPORTS ON TRANSFERS .—Not later than 15 days before the transfer of any amount pursuant subsection (c)(2) or (d)(1)(B), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a notice on the transfer, including the agency or or-ganization whose funds will provide the source of the transfer, the amount of the transfer, and the specific plans for the use of the amount transferred for the resolution of Notices of Findings and Recommendations concerned, as applicable. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘audit ready’’, with respect to an agency or organization of the Department of Defense, means that the agency or organi-zation has in place the critical audit capa-bilities and associated infrastructure nec-essary to successfully commence and support a financial audit of its relevant financial statements. (2) The term‘‘adverse opinion’’, with re-spect to financial statements, means an opinion by the auditor of the financial state-ments that the financial statements are mis-leading and cannot be relied upon. (3) The term ‘‘disclaimer of opinion’’, with respect to financial statements, means that the auditor of the financial statements was not able to complete the audit work, and cannot issue an opinion, on the financial statements. SA 2488. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 340. TRAINING FOR NATIONAL GUARD PER-SONNEL ON WILDFIRE RESPONSE. 
The Secretary of the Army and the Sec-retary of the Air Force may, in consultation with the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, provide support for training of appropriate personnel of the National Guard on wildfire response and prevention, with preference given to military installations with the highest wildfire suppression need. 
SA 2489. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2823. PLAN TO ALLOW INCREASED PUBLIC ACCESS TO THE NATIONAL NAVAL AVIATION MUSEUM AND BARRANCAS NATIONAL CEMETERY, NAVAL AIR STATION PENSACOLA. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan to allow increased public access to the National Naval Aviation Museum and Barrancas National Cemetery at Naval Air Station Pensacola. 
SA 2490. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.088 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3357 June 7, 2018 
SEC. 3ll. EXTENSION OF MORATORIUM ON DRILLING IN EASTERN GULF OF MEXICO. 
Section 104(a) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Pub-lic Law 109–432) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2027’’. 
SA 2491. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10lll. VIETNAM VETERANS MEMORIAL VISITOR CENTER. 
Section 6(a) of Public Law 96–297 (54 U.S.C. 320301 note; 117 Stat. 1348) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(4) I
NTERNMENT OF REMAINS .—The visitor center may house the remains of veterans of the Vietnam War.’’. 
SA 2492. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. AWARD OF MEDALS OR OTHER COM-MENDATIONS TO HANDLERS OF MILITARY WORKING DOGS AND THE MILITARY WORKING DOG CON-CERNED. 
(a) P ROGRAM OF AWARD REQUIRED .—Each Secretary of a military department shall carry out a program to provide for the award of one or more medals or other commenda-tions to handlers of military working dogs, and to military working dogs, under the ju-risdiction of such Secretary to recognize valor or meritorious achievement by such handlers and dogs. (b) M
EDAL AND COMMENDATIONS .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) shall be of such design, and include such elements, as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify. (c) P
RESENTATION AND ACCEPTANCE .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) may be pre-sented to and accepted by the handler con-cerned on behalf of the handler and the mili-tary working dog concerned. (d) R
EGULATIONS .—Medals and commenda-tions shall be awarded under programs under subsection (a) in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section. 
SA 2493. Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. BRIEFING ON USE AND EXPANSION OF HACKING FOR DEFENSE IN SUP-PORT OF INNOVATION AND ENTRE-PRENEURIAL EFFORTS OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Not later than February 28, 2019, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall provide the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on pro-posals for use or expansion of the so-called ‘‘Hacking for Defense’’ program in order to support the innovation and entrepreneurial efforts of the Department of Defense, includ-ing the following: (1) A description of the manner in which the Hacking for Defense program is cur-rently being employed within the Depart-ment. (2) A description and assessment of pro-posals for manners in which the Hacking for Defense program could be leveraged or ex-panded in order to do the following: (A) Provide advanced warfighter solutions. (B) Address readiness deficiencies. (C) Reinvigorate, modernize, and enhance the innovation education of the Department with institutions of higher education and professional education programs in the United States and other North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) countries. 
SA 2494. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 834. ENHANCED DOMESTIC CONTENT RE-QUIREMENT FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM PROCURE-MENTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report assessing the domestic source content of pro-curements carried out in connection with major defense acquisition programs. (2) I
NFORMATION REPOSITORY .—The Sec-retary of Defense shall establish an informa-tion repository for the collection and anal-ysis of information related to domestic source content that can be used for contin-uous data analysis and program management activities. (b) ENHANCED DOMESTIC CONTENT REQUIRE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code, manufactured articles, materials, or supplies procured in connection with a major defense acquisition program are manufactured substantially all from articles, materials, or supplies mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States if such component articles, materials, or supplies comprise 100 percent of the manu-factured articles, materials, or supplies. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The domestic content requirement under paragraph (1) applies to contracts entered into on or after October 1, 2019. (c) M
AJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘major defense acquisition program’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 2430 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 2495. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 834. REPORT ON MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION PROGRAM PROCUREMENTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report assessing the domestic source content of pro-curements carried out in connection with major defense acquisition programs. (2) I
NFORMATION REPOSITORY .—The Sec-retary of Defense shall establish an informa-tion repository for the collection and anal-ysis of information related to domestic source content that can be used for contin-uous data analysis and program management activities. (b) M
AJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘major defense acquisition program’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 2430 of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 2496. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. INCREASING PARTICIPATION IN UNITED NATIONS PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the inclu-sion of women in international peacekeeping units, police forces, and the security sector improves accountability and decreases abuses against civilians. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.088 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3358 June 7, 2018 
(b) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives that includes— (1) the number of United States female armed services personnel participating in multilateral peacekeeping and security oper-ations; (2) an evaluation of existing incentives, if any, to increase the participation of United States female armed services personnel in multilateral peacekeeping and security oper-ations; (3) an outline of the training required to ensure that female armed services personnel are prepared for the unique challenges inher-ent in multilateral peacekeeping and secu-rity operations; (4) recommendations for how the United States could meet the minimum requirement of 30 percent female armed service participa-tion in training offered by the United States on security issues, including partner mili-tary training; and (5) an evaluation of current security part-nerships around the world and whether such partnerships can increase the number of women included in peacekeeping units, po-lice forces, and the security sector. 
SA 2497. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ENDING THE CYPRUS ARMS EMBARGO. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘End the Cyprus Arms Embargo Act’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The Republic of Cyprus is a vital stra-tegic partner to the United States. (2) The Republic of Cyprus is a critical member of the Global Coalition to Counter the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. (3) The United States cooperates closely with the Republic of Cyprus through infor-mation sharing agreements. (4) High-level United States officials have assisted the Republic of Cyprus with crafting that nation’s national security strategy. (5) The United States provides training to Cypriot officials in areas such as cybersecu-rity, counterterrorism, and explosive ordi-nance disposal and stockpile management. (6) The Republic of Cyprus is a valued member of the Proliferation Security Initia-tive to combat the trafficking of weapons of mass destruction. (7) The Republic of Cyprus continues to work closely with the United Nations and re-gional partners in Europe— (A) to combat terrorism through law en-forcement; (B) to counter violent extremism pro-grams; and (C) to combat terrorism through financial mechanisms. (8) The United States and the Republic of Cyprus maintain strong bilateral economic relations, particularly in sectors such as en-ergy, financial services, and logistics. (9) The energy exploration in the Republic of Cyprus’s Exclusive Economic Zone and territorial waters— (A) includes the participation of United States companies; (B) furthers United States interests by pro-viding a potential alternative to Russian gas for United States allies and partners; and (C) should not be impeded by other sov-ereign states. (10) Energy exploration in the Eastern Mediterranean region must be safeguarded against threats posed by terrorist and ex-tremist groups, including Hezbollah and oth-ers. (11) Despite robust economic and security relations with the United States, the Repub-lic of Cyprus has been subject to a United States embargo prohibiting the export of de-fense articles and services since 1987. (12) The 1987 arms embargo was designed to restrict United States arms sales and trans-fer to the Republic of Cyprus and the occu-pied part of Cyprus to avoid hindering reuni-fication efforts. (13) At least 30,000 Turkish troops are sta-tioned in the occupied part of Cyprus with weapons procured from the United States through mainland Turkey. (14) While the United States has, as a mat-ter of policy, avoided the provision of de-fense articles and services to the Republic of Cyprus, the Government of Cyprus has sought to obtain these defense articles from other countries, including countries that pose challenges to United States interests around the world. (15) The security of partners in the Eastern Mediterranean region is critical to the secu-rity of the United States and Europe. (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the direct sale or transfer of arms by the United States to the Republic of Cyprus would advance United States’ security inter-ests in Europe by helping to reduce the de-pendence of Cyprus on other countries for de-fense-related materiel, including countries that pose challenges to United States inter-ests around the world; and (2) it is in the interest of the United States— (A) to continue to support United Nations- facilitated efforts toward a comprehensive solution to the division of Cyprus; (B) to affirm the importance of demili-tarization on the island of Cyprus; and (C) for the Republic of Cyprus to join NATO’s Partnership for Peace program. (d) R
EPEAL OF PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF  A
RTICLES ON THE UNITED STATES MUNITIONS  L
IST TO THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 620C of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2373) is amended by striking subsection (e). (2) E
XCLUSION OF THE GOVERNMENT OF THE  
REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS FROM CERTAIN RELATED  
REGULATIONS .—Beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall exclude any application made with or under the authority of the Govern-ment of the Republic of Cyprus from the re-strictions set forth in— (A) section 126.1(r) of title 22, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (relating to prohibited ex-ports, imports, and sales to or from Cyprus); and (B) Department of State Public Notice 1738 (57 Fed. Reg. 60265; December 18, 1992; relat-ing to policy governing munitions export li-censes to Cyprus). 
SA 2498. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the the end of subtitle A of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1208. FOREIGN MILITARY FINANCING FOR ISRAEL. 
(a)(1) I NGENERAL .—Of the amount made available for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2028 for assistance under the Foreign Military Financing program, not less than $3,300,000,000 for each such fiscal year is au-thorized to be made available on a grant basis for Israel. (2) D
ISBURSEMENT OF FUNDS .—Funds au-thorized to be made available for Israel under paragraph (1) for each fiscal year shall be disbursed not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of an Act making ap-propriations for foreign operations, export fi-nancing, and related programs for such fiscal year, or October 31 of the year in which such fiscal year begins, whichever date is later. (3) E
XCLUSION OF RESCISSIONS AND SUPPLE -
MENTAL APPROPRIATIONS .—For purposes of this section, the computation of amounts made available for a fiscal year shall not take into account any amount rescinded by an Act or any amount appropriated by an Act making supplemental appropriations for a fiscal year. (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall restrict or otherwise pro-hibit the authorization of appropriations, or the appropriation of funds, above the amount specified in this subsection. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘‘Foreign Military Financing program’’ means the program authorized by section 23 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2763). 
SA 2499. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 550. DEFINITION OF MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA. 
The Secretaries of Defense and Veterans Affairs shall together establish a definition of military sexual trauma to be used by both departments in all aspects of care and bene-fits for members of the Armed Forces and veterans. 
SA 2500. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.089 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3359 June 7, 2018 
military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. INFORMATION ON RESOURCES AVAIL-ABLE REGARDING MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA IN PRESEPARATION COUN-SELING PROVIDED TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1142(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (12) through (18) as paragraphs (13) through (19), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (11) the fol-lowing new paragraph (12): ‘‘(12) Information concerning the avail-ability of resources regarding military sex-ual trauma.’’. 
SA 2501. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 1725(b)(4)(C), add at the end the following: (vi) The license of a patent and provision of support by a United States person in connec-tion with the licensed patent, if the patent is widely licensed on a non-exclusive basis and the support is generally provided to licensees of the patent. 
SA 2502. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 577. BACKGROUND CHECKS. 
(a) B ACKGROUND CHECKS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, each covered local educational agency and each Department of Defense domestic dependent elementary and secondary school established pursuant to section 2164 of title 10, United States Code, shall have in effect policies and procedures that— (1) require that a criminal background check be conducted for each school employee of the agency or school, respectively, that includes— (A) a search of the State criminal registry or repository of the State in which the school employee resides; (B) a search of State-based child abuse and neglect registries and databases of the State in which the school employee resides; (C) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System; and (D) a search of the National Sex Offender Registry established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20921); (2) prohibit the employment of a school employee as a school employee at the agency or school, respectively, if such employee— (A) refuses to consent to a criminal back-ground check under paragraph (1); (B) knowingly submits false information concerning past convictions in connection with such a criminal background check; (C) has been convicted of a felony con-sisting of— (i) murder; (ii) child abuse or neglect; (iii) a crime against children, including child pornography; (iv) spousal abuse; (v) a crime involving rape or sexual as-sault; (vi) kidnapping; (vii) arson; or (viii) physical assault, battery, or a drug- related offense, committed on or after the date that is 5 years before the date of such employee’s criminal background check under paragraph (1); or (D) has been convicted of any other crime that is a violent or sexual crime against a minor; (3) require that each criminal background check conducted under paragraph (1) be peri-odically repeated or updated in accordance with policies established by the covered local educational agency or the Department of De-fense (in the case of a Department of Defense domestic dependent elementary and sec-ondary school established pursuant to sec-tion 2164 of title 10, United States Code); (4) upon request, provide each school em-ployee who has had a criminal background check under paragraph (1) with a copy of the results of the criminal background check; (5) provide for a timely process, by which a school employee of the school or agency may appeal, but which does not permit the em-ployee to be employed as a school employee during such appeal, the results of a criminal background check conducted under para-graph (1) which prohibit the employee from being employed as a school employee under paragraph (2) to— (A) challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information produced by such crimi-nal background check; and (B) establish or reestablish eligibility to be hired or reinstated as a school employee by demonstrating that the information is mate-rially inaccurate or incomplete, and has been corrected; and (6) allow the covered local educational agency or school, as the case may be, to share the results of a school employee’s criminal background check recently con-ducted under paragraph (1) with another local educational agency that is considering such school employee for employment as a school employee. (b) F
EES FOR BACKGROUND CHECKS .—The Attorney General, attorney general of a State, or other State law enforcement offi-cial may charge reasonable fees for con-ducting a criminal background check under subsection (a)(1), but such fees shall not ex-ceed the actual costs for the processing and administration of the criminal background check. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: (1) C
OVERED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .— The term ‘‘covered local educational agen-cy’’ means a local educational agency that receives funds under subsection (b) or (d) of section 7003, or section 7007, of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703, 7707). (2) SCHOOL EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘school employee’’ means— (A) a person who— (i) is an employee of, or is seeking employ-ment with— (I) a covered local educational agency; or (II) a Department of Defense domestic de-pendent elementary and secondary school es-tablished pursuant to section 2164 of title 10, United States Code, such elementary and secondary school; and (ii) as a result of such employment, has (or will have) a job duty that results in unsuper-vised access to elementary school or sec-ondary school students; or (B)(i) any person, or an employee of any person, who has a contract or agreement to provide services to a covered local edu-cational agency or a Department of Defense domestic dependent elementary and sec-ondary school established pursuant to sec-tion 2164 of title 10, United States Code; and (ii) such person or employee, as a result of such contract or agreement, has a job duty that results in unsupervised access to ele-mentary school or secondary school stu-dents. 
SA 2503. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 598. BRIEFING ON THE STATUS OF THE PLAN OF THE ARMY TO TRANSITION TO NEW INSECTICIDE PRETREATMENTS ON COMBAT UNI-FORMS. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing the status of approval of, and any plan to transition to, the use of new insecticide pretreatments on combat uniforms. 
SA 2504. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. ADVANCED HELICOPTER TRAINING SYS-TEM. 
In developing the requirements for the Navy’s Advanced Helicopter Training Sys-tem, the Secretary of the Navy shall take into consideration— (1) the projected cost and schedule impacts of any development or non-developmental in-tegration requirements; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.101 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3360 June 7, 2018 
(2) the level to which the new training sys-tem will enhance the transition to current Navy advance aircraft and any next genera-tion Future Vertical Lift aircraft tech-nologies and capabilities; (3) the efficiencies and cost benefits pro-vided by the capability to replicate advanced training tasks on a primary trainer; (4) the safety and efficiency and quality benefits of a training aircraft with flight and power management characteristics of a multi-engine trainer that is representative of the more complex fleet helicopters; and (5) the trends and best practices learned by other United States and international mili-tary training programs. 
SA 2505. Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1006. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SPENDING REDUCTIONS IN THE ABSENCE OF AN UNQUALIFIED AUDIT OPINION. 
If during any fiscal year after fiscal year 2022, the Secretary of Defense determines that a department, agency, or other element of the Department of Defense has not achieved an unqualified opinion on its full fi-nancial statements for the calendar year ending during such fiscal year— (1) the amount available to such depart-ment, agency, or element for the fiscal year in which such determination is made shall be equal to— (A) the amount otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such department, agency, or element for the fiscal year; minus (B) the lesser of— (i) an amount equal to 0.5 percent of the amount described in subparagraph (A); or (ii) $100,000,000; and (2) the Secretary shall deposit in the gen-eral fund of the Treasury for purposes of def-icit reduction all amounts unavailable to de-partments, agencies, and elements of the De-partment in the fiscal year pursuant to de-terminations made under paragraph (1). 
SA 2506. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTS WITH CONTRACTORS COMPENSATING ANY EMPLOYEE AT A RATE HIGHER THAN THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. 
The Secretary of Defense may not enter into a contract for the procurement of prop-erty or services with a contractor that com-pensates any of its employees or officers more than $203,700 per year. SA 2507. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. DEFENSE CONTRACTING FRAUD WEBSITE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish, maintain, and regularly up-date a publicly accessible website on defense contracting fraud. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The website established under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing elements: (1) A list of fraud-related criminal convic-tions, civil judgements, or settlements. (2) A list of defense contractors debarred or suspended based on a criminal conviction for fraud. (3) An assessment of the total value of De-partment of Defense contracts entered into for contractors that have been indicted for, settled charges of, been fined by any Federal department or agency for, or been convicted of fraud in connection with any contract or other transaction with the Federal Govern-ment. (4) Recommendations from the Inspector General of the Department of Defense or other appropriate Department of Defense of-ficial on how to penalize contractors repeat-edly involved in fraud, including updates on implementation by the Department of any previous recommendations. (c) R
ESTRICTED INFORMATION .—The Sec-retary of Defense may include as part of the website required under subsection (a) a re-stricted area for certain information that may only be accessed by appropriate govern-ment personnel. 
SA 2508. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 340. TRANSPORTATION TO CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES OF RETIRED MILI-TARY WORKING DOGS OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES THAT ARE SUITABLE FOR ADOPTION IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 2583(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) In the case of a military working dog located outside the continental United States (OCONUS) at the time of retirement that is suitable for adoption at that time, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall undertake transportation of the dog to the continental United States (in-cluding transportation by contract at United States expense) for adoption under this sec-tion unless— ‘‘(i) the dog is adopted as described in para-graph (2)(A); or ‘‘(ii) transportation of the dog to the conti-nental United States would not be in the best interests of the dog for medical reasons. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to alter the preference in adoption of retired military working dogs for former handlers as set forth in subsection (g).’’. SA 2509. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. K
ENNEDY , and Ms. C ANTWELL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON CYBER FORCES OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND CYBERSPACE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not less than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the use by the Department of Defense of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces for cyber warfare, cybersecu-rity, and other matters relating to the De-partment and cyberspace. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Details on the current use by the De-partment of the cyber forces of the reserve components and the plans of the Secretary for the future use of such forces. (2) Details of the accompanying assign-ments and attachments across the Depart-ment. (3) An evaluation of the insertion of mem-bers of the cyber forces of the reserve compo-nents into command structures of the De-partment. (4) Analysis of legal limitations on actions relating to the cyber forces of the reserve components with respect to their authorities under title 10, United States Code, and title 32, United States Code. (5) An evaluation of the capabilities of such cyber forces, with particular focus on capabilities related to responding to threats and attacks on infrastructure. (6) Details of potential or planned steps for the Department to take to ensure that the special legal, skills, and command structure attributes of the reserve components are best put to use in the defense of the United States. 
SA 2510. Mr. MANCHIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.076 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3361 June 7, 2018 
to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 910. REPORT ON THE ROLE OF THE OFFICE OF THE CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFI-CER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE IN CONNECTION WITH CER-TAIN AUDIT-RELATED MATTERS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a comprehensive description of the role of the Office of the Chief Manage-ment Officer of the Department of Defense, and each of the reform areas specified in sub-section (b), in the following: (1) Assisting in audit readiness. (2) Addressing and remediating audit find-ings. (3) Institutionalizing enterprise level busi-ness and system reform in order to achieve and sustain the Department-Defense wide goal of an unmodified audit opinion on its fi-nancial statements. (b) R
EFORM AREAS .—The reform areas spec-ified in this subsection are the following: (1) Human Resource Management. (2) Health Care Management. (3) Supply Chain and Logistics. (4) Real Property Management. (5) Community Services. (6) Information Technology Business Sys-tems. (7) Any other reform area designated by the Secretary for purposes of this section. 
SA 2511. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. PLANS TO IMPROVE MEDICAL FACILI-TIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— (1) P
LANS OF DIRECTORS OF MEDICAL FACILI -
TIES.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall require each director of a medical facility of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs to submit to the director of the Veterans Integrated Service Network that covers the facility, not later than 90 days after the date the Secretary establishes standards for quality under section 1703C of title 38, United States Code, a plan to im-prove such facility in such a fashion as would result in the facility meeting all of the applicable standards for quality estab-lished under that section. (B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement in subparagraph (A) shall only apply to direc-tors of facilities that do not meet the stand-ards for quality established under section 1703C of title 38, United States Code. (2) P
LANS OF DIRECTORS OF VETERANS INTE -
GRATED SERVICE NETWORKS .—The Secretary shall require each director of a Veterans In-tegrated Service Network to submit to the Secretary, not later than 60 days after re-ceiving all of the plans under paragraph (1), a plan, based on the plans received under paragraph (1), to improve the facilities with-in the Veterans Integrated Service Network in such a fashion that would improve the ability of all facilities within the network to meet the applicable standards for quality es-tablished under section 1703C of title 38, United States Code. (3) REMEDIATION OF SERVICE LINES .—The Secretary shall ensure that each plan sub-mitted under this subsection includes a plan for remediation of service lines under section 1706A(a) of title 38, United States Code, if ap-plicable. (b) R
EGULAR REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that, for inclusion in the first strategic plan submitted under section 7330C(b) of title 38, United States Code, after the Secretary has received all of the reports required under subsection (a), and not less frequently than once every four years thereafter, each direc-tor of a Veterans Integrated Service Net-work in which a medical facility of the De-partment is not meeting all of the applicable standards for quality established under sec-tion 1703C of such title, submits to the Sec-retary a report on the actions taken by the director to meet such standards for quality. (2) U
SE OF REPORTS .—The reports sub-mitted under paragraph (1) shall be used to develop the strategic plan required by sec-tion 7330C(b) of title 38, United States Code. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE OF AUTHORI -
TIES TOINVESTIGATE MEDICAL CENTERS OF  
THEDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should make full use of the authorities provided by section 2 of the En-hancing Veteran Care Act (Public Law 115– 95; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
SA 2512. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 59, strike line 4 and all that follows through page 61, line 25, and in-sert the following: (a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall establish activities to develop inter-action between the Department of Defense and the commercial technology industry, academia, public-private partnerships, and other nonprofit organizations with regard to emerging hardware products and tech-nologies with national security applications. (b) E
LEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The activities required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (A) Informing and encouraging private in-vestment in specific hardware technologies of interest to future defense technology needs with unique national security applica-tions. (B) Funding research and technology devel-opment and the requisite manufacturing process in critical hardware-based defense sectors, specifically microelectromechanical systems, processing components, micro-machinery, and materials science that pri-vate industry has not supported sufficiently to meet rapidly emerging national security needs. (C) Developing and executing policies and actions to deter strategic acquisition of in-dustrial and technical capabilities in the pri-vate sector by foreign entities that could po-tentially exclude companies from partici-pating in the Department of Defense tech-nology and industrial base. (D) Identifying promising emerging tech-nology in industry and academia for the De-partment of Defense for potential support or research and development cooperation. (E) Establishing domestic manufacturing capabilities necessary for demonstration, testing, validation, and low volume produc-tion of promising emerging technologies. (2) COORDINATION .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall coordinate with the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment in carrying out activities under subparagraph (E) of paragraph (1). (c) T
RANSFER OF PERSONNEL AND RE-
SOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering may transfer such per-sonnel, resources, and authorities as the Under Secretary considers appropriate to carry out the activities established under subsection (a) from other elements of the De-partment. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Under Secretary may only make a transfer of personnel, re-sources, or authorities under paragraph (1) upon certification by the Under Secretary that the activities established under para-graph (a) can attract sufficient private sec-tor investment, has personnel with sufficient technical and management expertise, and has identified relevant technologies and sys-tems for potential investment in order to carry out the activities established under subsection (a), independent of further gov-ernment funding beyond this authorization. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF NONPROFIT ENTITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary may establish or fund a nonprofit entity to carry out the program activities under subsection (a). (2) E
XISTING NONPROFITS .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Under Secretary shall try to work with a nonprofit organization that existed on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act. (e) P
LAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a detailed plan to carry out this section. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the additional authori-ties needed to carry out the activities set forth in subsection (b). (B) Plans for transfers under subsection (c), including plans for private fund-match-ing and investment mechanisms, oversight, treatment of rights relating to technical data developed, and relevant dates and goals of such transfers. (C) Plans for attracting the participation of the commercial technology industry and academia and how those plans fit into the current Department of Defense research and engineering enterprise. (3) N
O DELAY ON CONDUCT OF ACTIVITIES .— Before submitting the plan required by para-graph (1), the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall proceed with carrying out the activities as required by subsections (a) and (b). 
SA 2513. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.077 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3362 June 7, 2018 
INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. INSTRUCTION ON PILOT PROGRAM RE-GARDING EMPLOYMENT OF PER-SONS WITH DISABILITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall update the Defense Federal Ac-quisition Regulatory Supplement to include an instruction on the pilot program regard-ing employment of persons with disabilities authorized under section 853 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). 
SA 2514. Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1727 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1727. PROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF CIVIL PENALTIES UNDER EXPORT CONTROL AND SANCTIONS LAWS AND PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIP-MENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON MODIFICATION OF PEN-
ALTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal official may modify any penalty, including a penalty imposed pursuant to a denial order, imple-mented by the Government of the United States with respect to a Chinese tele-communications company pursuant to a de-termination that the company has violated an export control or sanctions law of the United States until the date that is 30 days after the President certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees that the company— (A) has not, for a period of one year, con-ducted activities in violation of the laws of the United States; and (B) is fully cooperating with investigations into the activities of the company conducted by the Government of the United States, if any. (2) R
EINSTATEMENT OF PENALTIES OR SUS -
PENDED ORDER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If, before the date of the enactment of this Act, any penalty imposed pursuant to the order of the Acting Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Enforce-ment entitled ‘‘Order Activating Suspended Denial Order Relating to Zhongxing Tele-communications Equipment Corporation and ZTE Kangxun Telecommunications Ltd.’’ (83 Fed. Reg. 17644), and dated April 15, 2018, is reduced or eliminated, or that order is sus-pended, on such date of enactment, that pen-alty shall be reinstated to the penalty in place before such reduction or elimination, or that order shall be reinstated, as the case may be. (B) ADDITIONAL MODIFICATIONS .—Any modi-fication to a penalty imposed pursuant to the order described in subparagraph (A) on or after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be subject to the requirements of para-graph (1). (b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OR PROCUREMENT .— The head of an executive agency may not— (1) procure or obtain or extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain any equip-ment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system; or (2) enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) with an entity that uses any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential compo-nent of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON LOAN AND GRANT  F
UNDS .—The head of an executive agency may not obligate or expend loan or grant funds to procure or obtain, extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain, or enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) to procure or obtain the equipment, services, or systems described in subsection (b). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATES .—The prohibitions under subsection (b)(1) and subsection (c) shall take effect 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and the prohibi-tion under subsection (b)(2) shall take effect three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (b) or (c) shall be construed to— (1) prohibit the head of an executive agen-cy from procuring with an entity to provide a service that connects to the facilities of a third-party, such as backhaul, roaming, or interconnection arrangements; or (2) cover telecommunications equipment that cannot route or redirect user data traf-fic or permit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment transmits or otherwise handles. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) C
OVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘covered foreign country’’ means the Peo-ple’s Republic of China. (3) C
OVERED TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIP -
MENT OR SERVICES .—The term ‘‘covered tele-communications equipment or services’’ means any of the following: (A) Telecommunications equipment pro-duced by Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation (or any subsidiary or affil-iate of such entities). (B) Telecommunications services provided by such entities or using such equipment. (C) Telecommunications equipment or services produced or provided by an entity that the Secretary of Defense, in consulta-tion with the Director of the National Intel-ligence or the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, reasonably believes to be an entity owned or controlled by, or otherwise connected to, the government of a covered foreign country. (4) EXECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘execu-tive agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. (g) T
REATMENT OF PROVISION RELATING TO  P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELECOMMUNI -
CATIONS EQUIPMENT .—Section 891, relating to a prohibition on certain telecommunications equipment, shall have no force or effect. 
SA 2515. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. ACCELERATING SBIR AND STTR AWARDS. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (hh)— (A) by striking ‘‘Federal agencies’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Federal agencies’’; (B) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by striking ‘‘attempt to’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) P
ILOT PROGRAM TO ACCELERATE DE -
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE SBIR AND STTR  
AWARDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this para-graph, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, acting through the Director of Defense Procure-ment and Acquisition Policy of the Depart-ment of Defense, shall establish a pilot pro-gram to reduce the time for awards under the SBIR and STTR programs of the Depart-ment of Defense, under which the Depart-ment of Defense shall— ‘‘(i) develop simplified and standardized procedures and model contracts throughout the Department of Defense for Phase I, Phase II, and Phase III SBIR awards; ‘‘(ii) for Phase I SBIR and STTR awards, reduce the amount of time between solicita-tion closure and award; ‘‘(iii) for Phase II SBIR and STTR awards, reduce the amount of time between the end of a Phase I award and the start of the Phase II award; ‘‘(iv) for Phase II SBIR and STTR awards that skip Phase I, reduce the amount of time between solicitation closure and award; ‘‘(v) for sequential Phase II SBIR and STTR awards, reduce the amount of time be-tween Phase II awards; and ‘‘(vi) reduce the award times described in clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), and (v) to be as close to 90 days as possible. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the pilot program under subparagraph (A), the Director of Defense Procurement and Acqui-sition Policy of the Department of Defense shall consult with the Director of the Office of Small Business Programs of the Depart-ment of Defense. ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program under subparagraph (A) shall terminate on September 30, 2022.’’; and (2) in subsection (ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘Federal agencies’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Federal agencies’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORTS .—The Comptroller General of the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.078 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3363 June 7, 2018 
shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives— ‘‘(A) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, and every year thereafter for 3 years, a report that— ‘‘(i) provides the average and median amount of time that each component of the Department of Defense with an SBIR or STTR program takes to review and make a final decision on proposals submitted under the program; and ‘‘(ii) compares that average and median amount of time with that of other Federal agencies participating in the SBIR or STTR program; and ‘‘(B) not later than December 5, 2021, a re-port that— ‘‘(i) includes the information described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) assesses where each Federal agency participating in the SBIR or STTR program needs improvement with respect to the pro-posal review and award times under the pro-gram; ‘‘(iii) identifies best practices for short-ening the proposal review and award times under the SBIR and STTR programs, includ-ing the pros and cons of using contracts com-pared to grants; and ‘‘(iv) analyzes the efficacy of the pilot pro-gram established under subsection (hh)(2).’’. 
SA 2516. Mr. PETERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VIII, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. PLAN TO MAINTAIN STRATEGIC IN-FLUENCE AND PARTNERSHIPS WITH THE CENTERS THAT COMPRISE THE NETWORK FOR MANUFACTURING IN-NOVATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Centers for manufacturing innovation that comprise the Network for Manufac-turing Innovation, known as ‘‘Manufacturing USA’’, allow manufacturing partners of the Department of Defense to better achieve their missions by— (A) rapidly transitioning science and tech-nology by completing sponsored projects and advancing concepts through prototype devel-opment; (B) lowering risk for technology insertion by applying new manufacturing processes to reduce cycle times and utilizing tools to sup-port legacy systems; (C) scaling up advanced manufacturing by identifying domestic sources for components and materials and advancing new tech-nologies from prototype to limited-scale pro-duction; and (D) increasing knowledge in the advanced manufacturing ecosystem by leading train-ing programs and convening experts from in-dustry, academia, and government into one networked community. (2) As such centers transition past the pe-riod of initial funding and plan for continu-ation, they will reach decision points that carry implications for whether Federal Gov-ernment goals remain a focus and are achieved. (3) Without influence from the Depart-ment, there is risk that such centers may choose not to pursue United States-centric program goals, such as developing domestic workforce or innovation capacity, or they may even start to advance the interests of competitor counties who are able to offer funding and influence. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Secretary of Defense should develop a deliberate approach to ensure an enduring focus of centers described in paragraph (1) of subsection (a) on United States-centric goals is maintained at each center after the initial funding described in paragraph (2) of such subsection expire; (2) any plans of the Secretary for main-taining strategic influence and partnership with the such centers should be robust and accommodate the different operational mod-els and technology-specific needs of each center; and (3) any plans of the Secretary for contin-ued partnership with such centers should en-sure the centers remain as part of the Net-work for Manufacturing Innovation. (c) P
LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a plan to maintain strategic influence and partner-ships with the centers that comprise the Network for Manufacturing Innovation es-tablished under section 34 of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278s) as they transition out of their initial agreements with the Secretary and remain as part of such network. 
SA 2517. Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RA-
HAM, and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 734, lines 15 and 16, striking ‘‘agen-cies and federally sponsored laboratories’’ and insert ‘‘agencies, federally sponsored laboratories, and other federally funded pro-grams, including the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership and the Network for Manufacturing Innovation Program’’. 
SA 2518. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part II of subtitle F of title V, add the following: SEC. 577. RESPITE CHILDCARE FOR CERTAIN SPOUSES OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R ESPITE CHILD CARE REQUIRED .—The Secretary concerned shall provide each spouse of a member of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary who is described in subsection (b), and who has a child or children under the age of 13 years, hourly respite childcare for each such child at or in the vicinity of the installation to which the member concerned is assigned. (b) S
POUSES .—A spouse described in this subsection is any spouse of a member of the Armed Forces as follows: (1) A spouse of a member of the Armed Forces on active duty (other than active duty for training). (2) A spouse who is participating in the Transition Assistance Program under sec-tion 1144 of title 10, United States Code. (c) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT OF CARE PER C
HILD.—The total number of hours of childcare provided under subsection (a) with respect to a particular child may not exceed 16 hours. (d) P
ROVISION .— (1) P
ROVIDERS .—Childcare shall be provided under subsection (a) by the following, as elected by the Secretary concerned: (A) A childcare provider located on the in-stallation concerned. (B) A childcare provider located in the vi-cinity of the installation concerned and ap-proved for the provision of childcare under this section by the Secretary concerned. (C) Any other childcare provider approved for the provision of childcare under this sec-tion by the Secretary concerned. (2) P
ROVISION AT NO COST TO MEMBERS OR  
THEIR FAMILIES .—Childcare shall be provided under subsection (a) at no cost to the mem-ber of the Armed Forces concerned, the spouse, or the member’s family. (e) F
UNDING .—Funds for the provision of childcare under subsection (a) shall be de-rived from amounts available to the Secre-taries concerned for the provision of childcare services to members of the Armed Forces. (f) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 2519. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. TAX PREPARER FRAUD PROTECTION FOR SERVICEMEMBERS AND DE-PENDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 49 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 985 the following new section: ‘‘§ 986. Tax Preparer Fraud Protection for Servicemembers and Dependents ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—A tax return preparer may not provide tax return preparation serv-ices to a covered member or a covered de-pendent unless such tax return preparer sat-isfies the minimum standards established under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) M
INIMUM STANDARDS .—The Secretary of Defense (referred to in this section as the ‘Secretary’) shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Treasury, establish minimum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.080 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3364 June 7, 2018 
standards to ensure any tax return preparer providing tax return preparation services to a covered member or a covered dependent has demonstrated— ‘‘(1) good character; ‘‘(2) the necessary qualifications to provide valuable service to any person; and ‘‘(3) the competency to properly advise and assist any person in the preparation of their tax returns. ‘‘(c) R
EFERRALS TO SECRETARY OF TREAS -
URY.—Pursuant to subsection (d) of section 330 of title 31, United States Code, the Sec-retary shall refer to the Secretary of the Treasury any tax return preparer who, in connection with any tax return preparation services to a covered member or a covered dependent, the Secretary has reason to be-lieve— ‘‘(1) is incompetent; ‘‘(2) is disreputable; ‘‘(3) with intent to defraud, willfully and knowingly misleads or threatens any person or prospective person whose tax return, claim for refund, or document in connection with a tax return or claim for refund, is being or may be prepared; or ‘‘(4) is in violation of the standards estab-lished under this section. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) C
LAIM FOR REFUND .—The term ‘claim for refund’ has the same meaning given such term under section 6696(e)(2) of Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED DEPENDENT .—The term ‘cov-ered dependent’ means, with respect to a covered member— ‘‘(A) such member’s spouse; ‘‘(B) such member’s child (as defined in section 101(4) of title 38, United States Code); or ‘‘(C) an individual for whom such member provided more than one-half of the individ-ual’s support for at least 180 days of the pre-ceding calendar year. ‘‘(3) C
OVERED MEMBER .—The term ‘covered member’ means a member of the armed forces who is— ‘‘(A) on active duty under a call or order that does not specify a period of 30 days or less; or ‘‘(B) on active Guard and Reserve Duty. ‘‘(4) T
AX RETURN .—The term ‘tax return’ has the same meaning given the term ‘re-turn’ under section 6696(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(5) T
AX RETURN PREPARATION SERVICES .— The term ‘tax return preparation services’ means any service that assists in the prepa-ration, furnishing, or reproduction of a tax return or claim for refund in exchange for compensation. ‘‘(6) T
AX RETURN PREPARER .—The term ‘tax return preparer’ has the same meaning given such term under section 7701(a)(36) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 330 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively, and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) After notice and opportunity for a proceeding, the Secretary may suspend or disbar from practice, or censure, a tax return preparer who— ‘‘(A) has been referred to the Secretary under subsection (c) of section 986 of title 10, United States Code, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary has determined— ‘‘(i) is incompetent; ‘‘(ii) is disreputable; ‘‘(iii) with intent to defraud, willfully and knowingly misleads or threatens any person or prospective person whose tax return, claim for refund, or document in connection with a tax return or claim for refund, is being or may be prepared; or ‘‘(iv) is in violation of the standards estab-lished under such section. ‘‘(2) In the case of a tax return preparer de-scribed in paragraph (1), or in the case of a tax return preparer who was acting on behalf of an employer or any firm or other entity in connection with the conduct described in such paragraph, rules similar to the rules under subsection (c) relating to monetary penalties shall apply for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(3) The terms ‘tax return preparer’, ‘tax return’, and ‘claim for refund’ shall have the same meaning given such terms under sub-section (d) of section 986 of title 10, United States Code.’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 49 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 985 the following new item: ‘‘986. Tax Preparer Fraud Protection for Servicemembers and Depend-ents.’’. 
SA 2520. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR MILITARY OPERATIONS IN NORTH KOREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No funds may be used for military operations in North Korea absent an imminent threat to the United States without express authorization by an Act of Congress. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The restriction under subsection (a) shall not apply— (1) with respect to the introduction of the Armed Forces into hostilities to repel a sud-den attack on the United States, its terri-tories or possessions, its Armed Forces, or its allies; or (2) to the deployment of United States Armed Forces to rescue or remove United States citizens or personnel. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to relieve the Executive Branch of the restrictions on the use of force or the reporting requirements stated in the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). 
SA 2521. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , and Mr. D ONNELLY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 609. COMPENSATION AND CREDIT FOR RE-TIRED PAY PURPOSES FOR MATER-NITY LEAVE TAKEN BY MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION .—Section 206(a) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) for each of 6 days in connection with the taking by the member of a period of ma-ternity leave.’’. (b) C
REDIT FOR RETIRED PAYPURPOSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The period of maternity leave taken by a member of the reserve com-ponents of the Armed Forces in connection with the birth of a child shall count toward the member’s entitlement to retired pay, and in connection with the years of service used in computing retired pay, under chapter 1223 of title 10, United States Code, as 12 points. (2) S
EPARATE CREDIT FOR EACH PERIOD OF  
LEAVE .—Separate crediting of points shall accrue to a member pursuant to this sub-section for each period of maternity leave taken by the member in connection with a childbirth event. (3) W
HEN CREDITED .—Points credited a member for a period of maternity leave pur-suant to this subsection shall be credited in the year in which the period of maternity leave concerned commences. (4) C
ONTRIBUTION OF LEAVE TOWARD ENTI -
TLEMENT TO RETIRED PAY .—Section 12732(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subparagraph (E) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) Points at the rate of 12 a year for the taking of maternity leave.’’. (5) C
OMPUTATION OF YEARS OF SERVICE FOR  
RETIRED PAY .—Section 12733 of such title is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) One day for each point credited to the person under subparagraph (F) of section 12732(a)(2) of this title.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to periods of maternity leave that commence on or after that date. 
SA 2522. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. 16ll. MODIFICATION TO LAUNCH SUPPORT AND INFRASTRUCTURE MODERNIZA-TION. 
Section 1609(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘that may benefit all users’’ and inserting ‘‘ and United States spaceports that actively sup-port national security missions’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.080 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3365 June 7, 2018 
SA 2523. Ms. SMITH (for herself and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10ll. SUPERIOR NATIONAL FOREST LAND EXCHANGE. 
(a) P URPOSE AND NEED FOR NORTH MET L
ANDEXCHANGE .— (1) P
URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this sec-tion to further the public interest by con-summating the NorthMet Land Exchange as specifically set forth in this section. (2) N
EED.—According to the Final Record of Decision, the NorthMet Land Exchange is advisable and needed because the NorthMet Land Exchange will— (A) result in a 40-acre net gain in National Forest System lands; (B) improve the spatial arrangement of Na-tional Forest System lands by reducing the amount of ownership boundaries to be man-aged by 33 miles; (C) improve management effectiveness by exchanging isolated Federal lands with no public overland access for non-Federal lands that will have public overland access and be accessible and open to public use and enjoy-ment; (D) result in Federal cost savings by elimi-nating certain easements and their associ-ated administration costs; (E) meet several of the priorities identified in the land and resource management plan for Superior National Forest to protect and manage administratively or congressionally designated, unique, proposed, or rec-ommended areas, including acquisition of 307 acres of land to the administratively pro-posed candidate Research Natural Areas, which are managed by preserving and main-taining areas for ecological research, obser-vation, genetic conservation, monitoring, and educational activities; (F) promote more effective land manage-ment that would meet specific National For-est needs for management, including acquisi-tion of over 6,500 acres of land for new public access, watershed protection, ecologically rare habitats, wetlands, water frontage, and improved ownership patterns; (G) convey Federal land generally not needed for other Forest resource manage-ment objectives, because such land is adja-cent to intensively developed private land including ferrous mining areas, where abun-dant mining infrastructure and transpor-tation are already in place, including— (i) a large, intensively developed open pit mine lying directly to the north of the Fed-eral land; (ii) a private mine railroad, powerlines, and roads lying directly to the south of the Federal land; and (iii) already existing ore processing, mill-ing, and tailings facilities located approxi-mately 5 miles to the west of the Federal land; and (H) provide a practical resolution to com-plex issues pertaining to the development of private mineral rights underlying the Fed-eral land surface, and thereby avoid poten-tial litigation which could adversely impact the status and management of the Federal land and other National Forest System land acquired under the authority of section 6 of the Act of March 1, 1911 (commonly known as the Weeks Law; 16 U.S.C. 515). (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OLLECTION AGREEMENTS .—The term ‘‘Collection Agreements’’ means the fol-lowing agreements between the Secretary and Poly Met pertaining to the NorthMet Land Exchange: (A) The agreement dated August 25, 2015. (B) The agreement dated January 15, 2016. (2) F
EDERAL LAND PARCEL .—The term ‘‘Fed-eral land parcel’’ means all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to ap-proximately 6,650 acres of National Forest System land, as identified in the Final Record of Decision, within the Superior Na-tional Forest in St. Louis County, Min-nesota, as generally depicted on the map en-titled ‘‘Federal Land Parcel–NorthMet Land Exchange’’, and dated June 2017. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non- Federal land’’ means all right, title, and in-terest of Poly Met in and to approximately 6,690 acres of land in four separate tracts (comprising 10 separate land parcels in total) within the Superior National Forest to be conveyed to the United States by Poly Met in the land exchange as generally depicted on an overview map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Exchange’’ and dated June 2017, and further depicted on sep-arate tract maps as follows: (A) T
RACT 1 .—Approximately 4,650 acres of land in St. Louis County, Minnesota, gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non- Federal Land Parcels–NorthMet Land Ex-change–Hay Lake Tract’’, and dated June 2017. (B) T
RACT 2 .—Approximately 320 acres of land in 4 separate parcels in Lake County, Minnesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcels– NorthMet Land Exchange–Lake County Lands’’, and dated June 2017. (C) T
RACT 3 .—Approximately 1,560 acres of land in 4 separate parcels in Lake County, Minnesota, generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non-Federal Land Parcels– NorthMet Land Exchange–Wolf Lands’’, and dated June 2017. (D) T
RACT 4 .—Approximately 160 acres of land in St. Louis County, Minnesota, gen-erally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Non- Federal Land Parcel–NorthMet Land Ex-change–Hunting Club Lands’’, dated June 2017. (4) N
ORTHMET LAND EXCHANGE .—The term ‘‘NorthMet Land Exchange’’ means the land exchange specifically authorized and di-rected by subsection (c). (5) P
OLY MET .—The term ‘‘Poly Met’’ means Poly Met Mining Corporation, Inc., a Minnesota Corporation with executive of-fices in St. Paul, Minnesota, and head-quarters in Hoyt Lakes, Minnesota. (6) R
ECORD OF DECISION .—The term ‘‘Record of Decision’’ means the Final Record of Deci-sion of the Forest Service issued on January 9, 2017, approving the NorthMet Land ex-change between the United States and PolyMet Mining, Inc., a Minnesota Corpora-tion, involving National Forest System land in the Superior National Forest in Min-nesota. (7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (8) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the State of Minnesota. (c) N
ORTH METLANDEXCHANGE .— (1) E
XCHANGE AUTHORIZED AND DIRECTED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (d)(3)(A) and other conditions imposed by this section, if Poly Met offers to convey to the United States all right, title, and inter-est of Poly Met in and to the non-Federal land, the Secretary shall accept the offer and convey to Poly Met all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to the Fed-eral land parcel. (B) LAND EXCHANGE EXPEDITED .—Subject to the conditions imposed by this section, the NorthMet Land Exchange directed by this section shall be consummated not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) F
ORM OF CONVEYANCE .— (A) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—Title to the non- Federal land conveyed by Poly Met to the United States shall be by general warranty deed subject to existing rights of record, and otherwise conform to the title approval regu-lations of the Attorney General of the United States. (B) F
EDERAL LAND PARCEL .—The Federal land parcel shall be quitclaimed by the Sec-retary to Poly Met by an exchange deed. (3) E
XCHANGE COSTS .— (A) R
EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED .—Poly Met shall pay or reimburse the Secretary, either directly or through the Collection Agree-ments, for all land survey, appraisal, land title, deed preparation, and other costs in-curred by the Secretary in processing and consummating the NorthMet Land Ex-change. The Collection Agreements, as in ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act, may be modified through the mutual consent of the parties. (B) D
EPOSIT OF FUNDS .—All funds paid or reimbursed to the Secretary under subpara-graph (A)— (i) shall be deposited and credited to the accounts in accordance with the Collection Agreements; (ii) shall be used for the purposes specified for the accounts; and (iii) shall remain available to the Sec-retary until expended without further appro-priation. (4) C
ONDITIONS ON LAND EXCHANGE .— (A) R
ESERVATION OF CERTAIN MINERAL  
RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the United States shall reserve the mineral rights on approximately 181 acres of the Fed-eral land parcel as generally identified on the map entitled ‘‘Federal Land Parcel– NorthMet Land Exchange’’, and dated June 2017. (B) T
HIRD-PARTY AUTHORIZATIONS .—As set forth in the Final Record of Decision, Poly Met shall honor existing road and trans-mission line authorizations on the Federal land parcel. Upon relinquishment of the au-thorizations by the holders or upon revoca-tion of the authorizations by the Forest Service, Poly Met shall offer replacement authorizations to the holders on at least equivalent terms. (d) V
ALUATION OF NORTH METLAND EX-
CHANGE .— (1) A
PPRAISALS .—The Congress makes the following new findings: (A) Appraisals of the Federal and non-Fed-eral lands to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange were formally prepared in accordance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions, and were approved by the Secretary in con-junction with preparation of the November 2015 Draft Record of Decision on the NorthMet Land Exchange. (B) The appraisals referred to in subpara-graph (A) determined that the value of the non-Federal lands exceeded the value of the Federal land parcel by approximately $425,000. (C) Based on the appraisals referred to in subparagraph (A), the United States would ordinarily be required to make a $425,000 cash equalization payment to Poly Met to equalize exchange values under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), unless such an equali-zation payment is waived by Poly Met. (2) V
ALUES FOR CONSUMMATION OF LAND EX -
CHANGE .—The appraised values of the Fed-eral and non-Federal land determined and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.090 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3366 June 7, 2018 
approved by the Secretary in November 2015, and referenced in paragraph (1)— (A) shall be the values utilized to consum-mate the NorthMet Land Exchange; and (B) shall not be subject to reappraisal. (3) W
AIVER OF EQUALIZATION PAYMENT .— (A) C
ONDITION ON LAND EXCHANGE .—Not- withstanding section 206(b) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1716(b)), and as part of its offer to exchange the non-Federal lands as provided in sub-section (c)(1)(A), Poly Met shall waive any payment to it of any monies owed by the United States to equalize land values. (B) T
REATMENT OF WAIVER .—A waiver of the equalization payment under subpara-graph (A) shall be considered as a voluntary donation to the United States by Poly Met for all purposes of law. (e) M
APS AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— (1) M
INOR ADJUSTMENTS .—By mutual agree-ment, the Secretary and Poly Met may cor-rect minor or typographical errors in any map, acreage estimate, or description of the Federal land parcel or non-Federal land to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange. (2) C
ONFLICT .—If there is a conflict between a map, an acreage estimate, or a description of land under this section, the map shall con-trol unless the Secretary and Poly Met mu-tually agree otherwise. (3) E
XCHANGE MAPS .—The maps referred to in subsection (b) depicting the Federal and non-Federal lands to be exchanged in the NorthMet Land Exchange, and dated June 2017, depict the identical lands identified in the Final Record of Decision, which are on file in the Office of the Supervisor, Superior National Forest. (f) P
OST-EXCHANGE LANDMANAGEMENT .— (1) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—Upon conveyance of the non-Federal land to the United States in the NorthMet Land Exchange, the non- Federal land shall become part of the Supe-rior National Forest and be managed in ac-cordance with— (A) the Act of March 1, 1911 (commonly known as the Weeks Law; 16 U.S.C. 500 et seq.); and (B) the laws and regulations applicable to the Superior National Forest and the Na-tional Forest System. (2) P
LANNING .—Upon acquisition by the United States in the NorthMet Land Ex-change, the non-Federal lands shall be man-aged in a manner consistent with the land and resource management plan applicable to adjacent federally owned lands in the Supe-rior National Forest. An amendment or sup-plement to the land and resource manage-ment plan shall not be required solely be-cause of the acquisition of the non-Federal lands. (3) F
EDERAL LAND .—Upon conveyance of the Federal land parcel to Poly Met in the NorthMet Land Exchange, the Federal land parcel shall become private land and avail-able for any lawful use in accordance with applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations pertaining to mining and other uses of land in private ownership. (g) M
ISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS .— (1) W
ITHDRAWAL OF ACQUIRED NON -FEDERAL  
LAND .—The non-Federal lands acquired by the United States in the NorthMet Land Ex-change shall be withdrawn, without further action by the Secretary, from appropriation and disposal under public land laws and under laws relating to mineral and geo-thermal leasing. (2) W
ITHDRAWAL REVOCATION .—Any public land order that withdraws the Federal land parcel from appropriation or disposal under a public land law shall be revoked without fur-ther action by the Secretary to the extent necessary to permit conveyance of the Fed-eral land parcel to Poly Met. (3) WITHDRAWAL OF FEDERAL LAND PENDING  
CONVEYANCE .—The Federal land parcel to be conveyed to Poly Met in the NorthMet Land Exchange, if not already withdrawn or seg-regated from appropriation or disposal under the mineral leasing and geothermal or other public land laws upon enactment of this Act, is hereby so withdrawn, subject to valid ex-isting rights, until the date of conveyance of the Federal land parcel to Poly Met. (4) A
CT CONTROLS .—In the event any provi-sion of the Record of Decision conflicts with a provision of this section, the provision of this section shall control. 
SA 2524. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE MISSIONS, OPERATIONS, AND ACTIVITIES IN NIGER AND THE BROADER REGION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation as appropriate with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report on the missions, operations, and activities of the Department of Defense in Niger and the broader region that includes the following: (A) A description of the objectives and the associated lines of efforts of the Department in Niger and the broader region, and the benchmarks for assessing progress toward such objectives. (B) A description of the timeline for achieving such objectives in Niger and the broader region. (C) A justification of the relevance of such objectives in Niger and the broader region to the national security of the United States and to the objectives in the National Defense Strategy. (D) A description of steps the Department is taking to ensure that security cooperation in Niger and the broader region is effectively coordinated with the diplomatic and devel-opment activities of the Department of State and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. (E) A description of the legal, operational, and fiscal authorities relating to the lines of effort of the Department in Niger and the broader region. (F) An identification of measures to miti-gate operational risk to and increase the pre-paredness of members of the Armed Forces conducting missions, operations, or activi-ties in Niger or the broader region. (G) An assessment of the command and support relationships of United States Africa Command with subordinate component com-mands, including Special Operations Com-mand Africa. (H) An identification and description of each implemented recommendation from the Army Regulation 15-6 investigation report conducted by United States Africa Command regarding the deaths of four soldiers in Niger on October 4, 2017. (I) Any other matter the Secretary of De-fense determines to be appropriate. (2) SCOPE OF REPORT .—For purposes of the report required by paragraph (1), the term ‘‘broader region’’ includes Algeria, Libya, Chad, Cameroon, Nigeria, Benin, Burkina Faso, and Mali. (b) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a)(1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SA 2525. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. ESTABLISHMENT OF MILITARY DENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 104 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2116 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2116a. Military dental research ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘military dental research’ means research on the furnishing of dental care and services by dentists in the armed forces. ‘‘(2) The term ‘TriService Dental Research Program’ means the program of military dental research authorized under this sec-tion. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense may establish at the University a program of military dental research. ‘‘(c) T
RISERVICE RESEARCH GROUP .—The TriService Dental Research Program shall be administered by a TriService Dental Re-search Group composed of Army, Navy, and Air Force dentists who are involved in mili-tary dental research and are designated by the Secretary concerned to serve as members of the group. ‘‘(d) D
UTIES OF GROUP .—The TriService Dental Research Group described in sub-section (c) shall— ‘‘(1) develop for the Department of Defense recommended guidelines for requesting, re-viewing, and funding proposed military den-tal research projects; and ‘‘(2) make available to Army, Navy, and Air Force dentists and officials of the De-partment of Defense who conduct military dental research— ‘‘(A) information about dental research projects that are being developed or carried out in the Army, Navy, and Air Force; and ‘‘(B) expertise and information beneficial to the encouragement of meaningful dental research. ‘‘(e) R
ESEARCH TOPICS .—For purposes of this section, military dental research in-cludes research on the following issues: ‘‘(1) Issues regarding how to ensure the readiness of members of the armed forces on active duty and in the reserve components with respect to the provision of dental care and services. ‘‘(2) Issues regarding preventive dentistry and disease management, including early de-tection of needs. ‘‘(3) Issues regarding how to improve the results of dental care and services provided in the armed forces in time of peace. ‘‘(4) Issues regarding how to improve the results of dental care and services provided in the armed forces in time of war. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.090 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3367 June 7, 2018 
‘‘(5) Issues regarding minimizing or elimi-nating emergent dental conditions and den-tal disease and non-battle injuries in de-ployed settings. ‘‘(6) Issues regarding how to prevent com-plications associated with dental-related battle injuries. ‘‘(7) Issues regarding how to prevent com-plications associated with the transportation of dental patients in the military medical evacuation system. ‘‘(8) Issues regarding the use of techno-logical advances, including distance learning and teledentistry. ‘‘(9) Issues regarding psychological distress in receiving dental care and services. ‘‘(10) Issues regarding how to improve methods of training dental personnel, includ-ing dental assistants and dental extenders. ‘‘(11) Wellness issues relating to dental care and services. ‘‘(12) Case management issues relating to dental care and services. ‘‘(13) Issues regarding the use of alternate dental care delivery systems, including the employment of interprofessional practice models incorporating multiple health profes-sions.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 104 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2116 the following new item: ‘‘2116a. Military dental research.’’. 
SA 2526. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. EXEMPTION OF CERTAIN CONSTRUC-TION CONTRACTS FROM THE PERI-ODIC INFLATION ADJUSTMENTS TO THE ACQUISITION-RELATED DOLLAR THRESHOLD. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 1908(b)(2) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘3131 to 3134,’’ after ‘‘sections’’. 
SA 2527. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, insert the following: 
SEC. 1052. STUDY ON PHASING OUT OPEN BURN PITS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a report that includes— (1) details of any ongoing use of open burn pits; and (2) the feasibility of phasing out the use of open burn pits by using technology inciner-ators. (b) OPENBURN PITDEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘open burn pit’’ means an area of land— (1) that is designated by the Secretary of Defense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and (2) does not contain a commercially manu-factured incinerator or other equipment spe-cifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. 
SEC. 1053. AIRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPEN BURN PIT REGISTRY. 
Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall carry out an annual education campaign to inform individuals who may be eligible to enroll in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry of such eligibility. Each such campaign shall include at least one electronic method and one phys-ical mailing method to provide such infor-mation. 
SA 2528. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At appropriate place in title XVI, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. ASSESSMENT BY COMPTROLLER GEN-ERAL OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMOUNT AND DISTRIBUTION OF IN-TELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE, AND RECONNAISSANCE RESOURCES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, the secretaries of the military departments, the commanders of the relevant combatant support agencies, and the commanders of the combatant com-mands, carry out an assessment of the amount and distribution of intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance resources across the intelligence community and the Armed Forces. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the assessment required by subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the amount and dis-tribution of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources across the intel-ligence community and the Armed Forces, specifically— (i) the balance of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources being used to support the demands of policymakers (via the intelligence community) relative to the distribution of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance being used to support the de-mands of the commanders of the combatant commands (via the military services); (ii) whether the distribution of such re-sources is optimally aligned with the Na-tional Security Strategy; and (iii) where risks are being assumed based on balancing the distribution of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources. (B) An assessment of the distribution of in-telligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources among the various combatant commands, including— (i) whether the resources are optimally aligned with the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy; and (ii) where risks are being assumed based on intelligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance resource levels. (C) An assessment of the distribution of in-telligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance resources within each combatant command, including— (i) the balance between intelligence, sur-veillance, and reconnaissance resources being used to support ongoing operations versus intelligence, surveillance, and recon-naissance resources being used to support contingency operations; and (ii) whether the resources are optimally aligned with the 2018 National Defense Strat-egy; and (iii) where risks are being assumed based on intelligence, surveillance, and reconnais-sance resource levels. (D) An assessment of the effect of increas-ing the overall level of intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance resources on achieving national security objectives of the United States, as well as the effect of in-creasing the level of intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance resources for the highest priority requirements for the Direc-tor of National Intelligence and commanders of the combatant commands. (E) Recommendations for maximizing any additional intelligence, surveillance, and re-connaissance resources to support national security objectives of the United States, par-ticularly for the highest priority require-ments for the Director and the commanders of the combatant commands, as well as how most effectively to buy-down significant strategic risks. (3) FORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an unclassified summary, but may otherwise be classified, as appropriate. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
SA 2529. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XVI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. UPDATING THE NATIONAL COUNTER-INTELLIGENCE STRATEGY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that an updated National Counter-intelligence Strategy should— (1) recognize and prioritize the national se-curity threat posed by covert influence oper-ations by foreign intelligence entities; (2) include coordinating a whole-of-govern-ment approach to effectively detect and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.091 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3368 June 7, 2018 
counter covert influence operations by for-eign intelligence entities; and (3) be aligned with the National Security Strategy, which acknowledges the national security threat posed by covert influence op-erations conducted by foreign intelligence entities. (b) U
PDATE REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this act, the Director of National Intelligence shall update the National Counterintel-ligence Strategy to include a strategy to ef-fectively detect and counter covert influence operations by foreign intelligence entities. 
SA 2530. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 316. COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS WITH STATES FOR REMOVAL AND REME-DIAL ACTIONS TO ADDRESS DRINK-ING, SURFACE, AND GROUND WATER CONTAMINATION FROM PFAS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘perfluorinated compound’’ means perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) that are man-made chemicals with at least one fully fluorinated carbon atom. (2) The term ‘‘fully fluorinated carbon atom’’ means a carbon atom on which all the hydrogen substituents have been replaced by fluorine. (3) The term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601). (b) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon request from the governor or chief executive of a State, the Department of Defense shall work expedi-tiously to finalize a cooperative agreement for testing, monitoring, removal, and reme-dial actions to address contamination or sus-pected contamination of drinking, surface, or ground water from PFAS originating from an active or decommissioned military instal-lation, including a National Guard facility. (2) M
INIMUM STANDARDS .—A cooperative agreement under this subsection shall meet or exceed the most stringent of the following standards for PFAS in any environmental media: (A) An enforceable State standard for drinking, surface, or ground water, as re-quired under section 121(d) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 4621(d)). (B) Federal Health Advisories issued by the Environmental Protection Agency. (C) Any Federal standards, requirements, criteria, or limits, including those issued under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.), the Clean Water Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.), the Marine Protec-tion, Research and Sanctuaries Act (16 U.S.C. 1431 et seq., 1447 et seq., 33 U.S.C. 1401 et seq., 2801 et seq.), or the Solid Waste Dis-posal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (c) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If a cooperative agree-ment is not reached pursuant to subsection (b) within one year after the request from a State, the Secretary of Defense shall report to the appropriate congressional commit-tees, as well as the Senators from the State with the contamination and the member of Congress representing the district with the PFAS contamination. The report shall pro-vide a detailed explanation for why an agree-ment has not been reached and a projected timeline for completing the cooperative agreement. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2531. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR SUB-SAHA-RAN AFRICA. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—All defense articles, de-fense services, security and military assist-ance, and related cooperation provided to a country in sub-Saharan Africa shall be pro-vided as part of a comprehensive strategy for democracy and institution-building in such country. (b) P
ROHIBITION OF ASSISTANCE .—Defense articles, defense services, security and mili-tary assistance, and related cooperation may not be provided in any fiscal year to any country in sub-Saharan Africa in which less than $2,000,000 in United States assistance in democracy and governance programming is being administered in such fiscal year un-less, not less than 15 calendar days before such assistance is provided, the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Defense, as applica-ble, notifies the appropriate committees of Congress of the intent to provide such assist-ance. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2532. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. STRATEGY AND REPORT ON UNITED STATES SUPPORT FOR SECURITY AND STABILITY IN THE SAHEL- MAGHREB. 
(a) S TRATEGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development shall jointly develop an integrated strategy to support security and stability in the Sahel-Maghreb. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) Clear goals and measurable bench-marks to measure security and stability. (B) Funding requirements. (C) Plans for enhancing coordination among United States and international part-ners and agencies to plan and implement counterterrorism and countering violent ex-tremism assistance and development co-operation programs so as to improve coordi-nation among donors in the Sahel-Maghreb. (D) A specific strategy on Mali that— (i) details the goals, aims, and objectives of United States engagement in Mali; (ii) describes specific actions and efforts the Department of Defense, the Department of State, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and other relevant United States agencies will take between the date of the enactment of this Act and De-cember 2020, relating to— (I) sustained, high level diplomatic engage-ment with Mali, the African Union, and rel-evant allies and partners in Europe, the Mid-dle East, and elsewhere; (II) coordination with traditional and non-traditional donors on security assistance provided to the G-5 Sahel Joint Force and to G-5 member countries bilaterally; (III) support for the implementation of the 2015 peace agreement; (IV) proposals under consideration for re-sumption of United States security assist-ance programs and activities; (V) United States support for the activities of the G-5 Sahel Joint Force and the Sahel Alliance in Mali; (VI) prevention of mass atrocities; (VII) plans to enhance and expand support for democracy and governance activities in-cluding support for electoral reforms and support for elections; and (VIII) plans of the United States Agency for International Development for devel-oping a flexible approach for implementing programs such as access to justice, anti-cor-ruption, civil society strengthening, coun-tering violent extremism, conflict resolution and mitigation, and decentralization in un-stable areas of Mali, including northern and central Mali. (E) A specific strategy for Niger that— (i) details the goals, aims, and objectives of United States engagement in Niger; and (ii) relays specific actions and efforts the Department of Defense, the Department of State, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and other relevant United States agencies will take between the date of enactment of this Act and December 2020, relating to ensuring an appropriate bal-ance between engagements in defense, diplo-macy, and development, including— (I) plans for fully staffing embassy and United States Agency for International De-velopment positions in Niger, with a specific focus on a building a robust public diplo-macy team; (II) an assessment of the utility of and plans for standing up an independent United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.081 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3369 June 7, 2018 
States Agency for International Develop-ment mission; (III) a robust plan for increased activities and funding to counter violence extremism and for conflict prevention and mitigation; (IV) enhanced support for economic oppor-tunity with a focus on youth employment; and (V) increased support for democracy and governance, including support for strength-ening civil society and elections prepara-tions. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report that details the strategy developed under subsection (a) and includes a description of specific diplomatic actions, including United States Govern-ment-funded programs and activities, to ad-vance peace and security, counter terrorism, increase economic growth and investment, promote democracy and good governance, and support development in the Sahel- Maghreb. (c) R
EQUIREMENT FOR A SECURITY SECTOR  R
EVIEW .—Prior to the resumption of security sector activities authorized by this Act or any other Act of Congress, the Secretary of Defense, in collaboration with the Secretary of State, shall conduct a review of the secu-rity sector in Mali to better inform planning and programming by relevant United States Government agencies. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘ appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2533. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON TRANS-SAHARA COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIP AND PARTNERSHIP FOR REGIONAL EAST AFRICA COUNTERTERRORISM. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that— (1) updates the report submitted under sec-tion 1206(a)(3) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 900; 22 U.S.C. 2151 note); and (2) provides a comprehensive review of the manner in which the Trans-Sahara Counter-terrorism Partnership and the Partnership For Regional East Africa Counterterrorism support the policy priorities of the President in the west and northwest regions of Africa and east Africa. (b) MATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Each of the elements set forth in sec-tion 1206(a)(3) of such Act. (2) A detailed description of the policy pri-orities of the President in the west and northwest regions of Africa and east Africa; (3) An assessment of the manner in which the strategic priorities of the Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership and the Part-nership For Regional East Africa Counter-terrorism, as described in the report sub-mitted under section 7042(b) of the Consoli-dated Further and Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235), support priorities of the President in such regions. (4) An assessment of the manner in which security cooperation authorized to be con-ducted in Africa under this Act and under title 10 of the United States Code, has been coordinated with activities of the Trans-Sa-hara Counterterrorism Partnership and the Partnership For Regional East Africa Counterterrorism to meet identified policy priorities during each of the three fiscal years beginning before the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (5) A description of countering violence ex-tremism and any additional counterter-rorism programs and activities implemented in Africa by the Department of State, the Department of Defense, and the United States Agency for International Develop-ment that— (A) support such policy priorities; and (B) are separate from the programs and ac-tivities of the Trans-Sahara Counterter-rorism Partnership and the Partnership For Regional East Africa Counterterrorism. (6) The amounts programmed through the Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership and the Partnership For Regional East Afri-ca Counterterrorism during each of the three fiscal years beginning before the date of the enactment of this Act, including, to the maximum extent practicable, funding infor-mation disaggregated by country. (7) Data on allocations, unobligated bal-ances, unliquidated obligations, and dis-bursements for the Trans-Sahara Counter-terrorism Partnership and the Partnership For Regional East Africa Counterterrorism by country and account for each of the three fiscal years beginning before the date of the enactment of this Act. (8) A description of the processes in each administering agency for collecting and maintaining financial data related to the Trans-Sahara Counterterrorism Partnership and the Partnership For Regional East Afri-ca Counterterrorism. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2534. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON INTERAGENCY STRAT-EGY TO PROMOTE STABILITY IN THE CENTRAL AFRICAN REPUBLIC. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an update to the report on the interagency strategy to promote stability in the Central African Republic, as required by the Senate report accompanying the Consoli-dated and Further Continuing Appropria-tions Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include an update of the ele-ments originally submitted and the fol-lowing: (1) A detailed description of— (A) the measures the President is taking to prevent mass atrocities in the Central Afri-can Republic; and (B) an inventory of United States programs to promote conflict mitigation and commu-nity reconciliation in the Central African Republic, and the status of implementation of such programs. (2) Plans for coordinating with donors to ensure full funding for humanitarian assist-ance to the people of the Central African Re-public. (3) Actions carried out to implement pro-grams and activities to support robust civil-ian oversight of state security forces in the Central African Republic, including activi-ties to strengthen key ministries and par-liamentary oversight of defense and law en-forcement bodies. (4) An assessment of progress, current ob-stacles to progress, and plans of the Presi-dent to support progress in disarmament, de-mobilization, and reintegration in the Cen-tral African Republic. (5) An assessment of— (A) the current status of the Special Crimi-nal Court; (B) whether there are any obstacles that remain to full operation of such court; (C) United States financial support specifi-cally for the court as of the date of the en-actment of this Act; and (D) any manner in which the United States may provide support to such court, including financial support and technical assistance. (6) Recommendations for ways in which the United States may strengthen the abil-ity of the United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in the Cen-tral African Republic to protect civilians, in-cluding by assisting the United Nations to develop measures to enhance the operational readiness of the police and military forces of troop-contributing countries through en-hanced training on protection of civilians. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON-
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2535. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.081 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3370 June 7, 2018 
for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. ONE-YEAR OPEN ENROLLMENT PERIOD FOR THE SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN COMMENCING OCTOBER 1, 2019. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 645 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (10 U.S.C. 1448 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘the open enrollment period specified in sub-section (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘an open enroll-ment period specified in subsection (f)’’; and (2) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) O
PENENROLLMENT PERIODS .—The open enrollment periods under this section shall be the periods as follows: ‘‘(1) The one-year period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2005. ‘‘(2) The one-year period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2019.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-tion is further amended by striking ‘‘the open enrollment period’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘an open enrollment pe-riod’’. (c) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 645. ONE-YEAR OPEN ENROLLMENT PERI-ODS IN SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN COMMENCING OCTOBER 1, 2005, AND OCTOBER 1, 2019.’’. 
SA 2536. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. ELECTION OF SUPERSEDING BENE-FICIARY IN THE SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN IN THE EVENT OF THE DEATH OF A DEPENDENT CHILD BENE-FICIARY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1448(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) E
LECTION OF NEW BENEFICIARY UPON  
DEATH OF DEPENDENT CHILD BENEFICIARY .—If a dependent child who is a beneficiary under the Plan dies, the participant in the Plan may elect a new beneficiary. The new bene-ficiary so elected shall be a natural person with an insurable interest in that partici-pant who is not otherwise ineligible to be elected as a beneficiary under any other pro-vision of this section at the time of election. The election shall be made, if at all, not later than 180 days after the date of death of the dependent child.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to participants in the Survivor Benefit Plan for deaths of dependent child beneficiaries in the Plan that, subject to paragraph (2), occur on or after that date. (2) DEATHS OF CHILDREN BEFORE ENACT -
MENT .—A participant in the Survivor Benefit Plan may make an election under paragraph (8) of section 1448(b) of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), in connec-tion with the death of a dependent child ben-eficiary that occurred before the date of the enactment of this Act, regardless of the date of death. Any such election shall be made, if at all, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2537. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 10ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO SOO LOCKS, SAULT SAINTE MARIE, MICHIGAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Soo Locks in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, are of critical importance to the national security of the United States; (2) the Soo Locks are the only waterway connection from Lake Superior to the Lower Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence Seaway; (3) only the Poe Lock is of sufficient size to allow for the passage of the largest cargo vessels that transport well over 90 percent of all iron ore mined in the United States, and this lock is nearing the end of its 50-year useful lifespan; (4) a report issued by the Office of Cyber and Infrastructure Analysis of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security concluded that an unscheduled 6-month outage of the Poe Lock would cause— (A) a dramatic increase in national and re-gional unemployment; and (B) 75 percent of Great Lakes steel produc-tion, and nearly all North American appli-ance, automobile, railcar, and construction, farm, and mining equipment production to cease; (5) the Corps of Engineers is reevaluating a past economic evaluation report to update the benefit-to-cost ratio for building a new lock at the Soo Locks; and (6) the Secretary of the Army and all rel-evant Federal agencies should— (A) expedite the completion of the report described in paragraph (5) and ensure the analysis adequately reflects the critical im-portance of the Soo Locks infrastructure to the national security and economy of the United States; and (B) expedite all other necessary reviews, analysis, and approvals needed to speed the required upgrades at the Soo Locks. 
SA 2538. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , and Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. MANDATORY SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO IRAN RELATING TO SIG-NIFICANT ACTIVITIES UNDER-MINING UNITED STATES CYBERSE-CURITY. 
(a) I NVESTIGATION .—The President shall initiate an investigation into the possible designation of an Iranian person under sub-section (b) upon receipt by the President of credible information indicating that the per-son has engaged in conduct described in sub-section (b). (b) D
ESIGNATION .—The President shall des-ignate under this subsection any Iranian per-son that the President determines has know-ingly— (1) engaged in significant activities under-mining United States cybersecurity con-ducted by the Government of Iran; or (2) acted for or on behalf of the Govern-ment of Iran in connection with such activi-ties. (c) S
ANCTIONS .—The President shall block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any Iranian per-son designated under subsection (b) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (d) S
USPENSION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may sus-pend the application of sanctions under sub-section (c) with respect to an Iranian person only if the President submits to the appro-priate congressional committees in writing a certification described in paragraph (2) and a detailed justification for the certification. (2) C
ERTIFICATION DESCRIBED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A certification described in this paragraph with respect to an Iranian person is a certification by the President that— (i) the person has not, during the 12-month period immediately preceding the date of the certification, knowingly engaged in activi-ties that would qualify the person for des-ignation under subsection (b); and (ii) the person is not expected to resume any such activities. (B) F
ORM OF CERTIFICATION .—The certifi-cation described in subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may in-clude a classified annex. (e) R
EIMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—If sanc- tions are suspended with respect to an Ira-nian person under subsection (d), such sanc-tions shall be reinstated if the President de-termines that the person has resumed the ac-tivity that resulted in the initial imposition of sanctions or has engaged in any other ac-tivity subject to sanctions relating to the in-volvement of the person in significant activi-ties undermining United States cybersecu-rity on behalf of the Government of Iran. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the President pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the Comprehen-sive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Di-vestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8501 et seq.), or any other provision of law. (g) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes signifi-cant activities undermining United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.082 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3371 June 7, 2018 
cybersecurity conducted by the Government of Iran, a person owned or controlled, di-rectly or indirectly, by that Government, or any person acting for or on behalf of that Government. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the extent to which a foreign government has provided material support to the Government of Iran, to any person owned or controlled, directly or indi-rectly, by that Government, or to any person acting for or on behalf of that Government, in connection with the conduct of significant activities undermining United States cyber-security. (B) A strategy to counter efforts by Iran to conduct significant activities undermining United States cybersecurity that includes a description of efforts to engage foreign gov-ernments in preventing the Government of Iran, persons owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Government, and persons acting for or on behalf of that Government from conducting significant activities under-mining United States cybersecurity. (3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in an un-classified form but may include a classified annex. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (2) C
YBERSECURITY .—The term ‘‘cybersecu-rity’’ means the activity or process, ability or capability, or state whereby information and communications systems and the infor-mation contained therein are protected from or defended against damage, unauthorized use or modification, or exploitation. (3) I
RANIAN PERSON .—The term ‘‘Iranian person’’ means— (A) an individual who is a citizen or na-tional of Iran; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of Iran or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of the Government of Iran. (4) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note). (5) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
SA 2539. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. PREVENTING OUTSOURCING. 
(a) C ONSIDERATION OF OUTSOURCING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2327 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2327a. Contracts: consideration of out-sourcing of jobs ‘‘(a) DISCLOSURE OF OUTSOURCING OF  J
OBS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency shall require a contractor that submits a bid or proposal in response to a solicitation issued by the agency to disclose in that bid or proposal if the contractor, or a subsidiary of the contractor, owns a facility for which there is an outsourcing event during the three-year period ending on the date of the submittal of the bid or proposal. ‘‘(2) O
UTSOURCING EVENT .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘outsourcing event’ means a plant closing or mass layoff (as de-scribed in section 2(a) of the Worker Adjust-ment and Retraining Notification Act (29 U.S.C. 2101(a)) in which the employment loss (excluding any part-time employees) for po-sitions which will be moved to a country outside of the United States exceeds 50 em-ployees. ‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATION AUTHORIZED .—(1) Agen- cy contracting officers considering bids or proposals in response to a solicitation issued by the agency may take into account any disclosure made pursuant to subsection (a) in such bids and proposals. ‘‘(2) The head of an agency may establish a negative preference of up to 10 percent of the cost of a contract for purposes of evaluating a bid or proposal of a contractor that makes a disclosure pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that agency contracting officers should, using section 2304(b)(3) of this title, exclude contractors making a disclosure pur-suant to subsection (a) in response to solici-tations issued by the agency from the bid-ding process in connection with such solici-tations on the grounds that the actions de-scribed in the disclosures are against the public interests of the United States. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The head of each agency shall submit to Congress each year a report on the following: ‘‘(1) The number of solicitations made by the agency during the preceding year for which disclosures were made pursuant to subsection (a) in responsive bids or pro-posals. ‘‘(2) The number of contracts awarded by the agency during the preceding year in which such disclosures were taken into ac-count in the contract award.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2327 the following new item: ‘‘2327a. Contracts: consideration of outsourc-ing of jobs.’’. (b) E
XCLUSION OF FIRMS FROM SOURCES .— Section 2304(b) of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The head of an agency may provide for the procurement of property and services covered by this chapter using competitive procedures but excluding a source making a disclosure pursuant to section 2327a(a) of this title in the bid or proposal in response to the solicitation issued by the agency if the head of the agency determines that the actions described by disclosure are against the public interests of the United States and the source is to be excluded on those grounds. Any such determination shall take into account the sense of Congress set forth in section 2327a(c) of this title.’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), and (3)’’. (c) R
EGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend the De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement to carry out the requirements of section 2327a of title 10, United States Code, as added by this section. (2) T
RAINING AND GUIDANCE .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and provide clear training and guidance to acquisition offi-cials, contracting officers, and current and potential contractors regarding implementa-tion policies and practices for section 2327a of title 10, United States Code, as added by this section. (3) D
EFINITION OF OUTSOURCING .—For pur- poses of defining outsourcing pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary of De-fense may utilize regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Labor. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall be applied in a manner consistent with United States obligations under inter-national agreements. 
SA 2540. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1250. REVIEW OF ASSESSMENT OF COMPLI-ANCE OF PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA WITH UNITED STATES AND UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUN-CIL NUCLEAR- AND MISSILE-RE-LATED SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO NORTH KOREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the assessment of the Department of the Treasury and the Department of State of the compliance of the People’s Republic of China with nuclear- and missile-related sanctions imposed by the United States and the United Nations Security Council with respect to North Korea. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (a) shall include the following, for the period beginning on January 1, 2016, and ending on the date of the enactment of this Act: (1) A description of the key economic and trade relationships between the People’s Re-public of China and North Korea. (2) An examination of the assessment of the Department of the Treasury and the De-partment of State of the compliance of the People’s Republic of China with sanctions described in subsection (a), including during the period in 2018 during which the United States and North Korea conducted negotia-tions relating to the nuclear program of North Korea. (3) An analysis of the efforts of the United States to obtain the compliance of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China with such sanctions. (c) I
NTERIM BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees an interim briefing on the review required by subsection (a). (d) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.083 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3372 June 7, 2018 
the Comptroller General shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that includes the results of the review required by subsection (a). (e) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Financial Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2541. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1226. REVIEW OF REINSTATEMENT OF UNITED STATES SANCTIONS IM-POSED WITH RESPECT TO IRAN AND WAIVED PURSUANT TO JOINT COM-PREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the reinstatement by the United States of sanctions imposed with respect to Iran that were waived pursuant to the terms of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description and evaluation of the United States interagency processes in-volved in planning for and implementing the reinstatement of the sanctions described in subsection (a), from 2017 through 2019. (2) An analysis of the effect of personnel and resource shortfalls at the Department of the Treasury and the Department of State on the implementation of the reinstatement of such sanctions. (3) An analysis of the anticipated compli-ance and enforcement challenges resulting from unilaterally reinstating sanctions with respect to Iran. (c) I
NTERIM BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees an interim briefing on the review required by subsection (a). (d) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that includes the results of the review required by subsection (a). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions, and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Financial Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) JOINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION .— The term ‘‘Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion’’ means the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action signed at Vienna on July 14, 2015, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Rus-sian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and all implementing materials and agreements related to the Joint Comprehen-sive Plan of Action. 
SA 2542. Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 94, lines 21 and 22, strike ‘‘to the maximum extent practicable’’ and insert ‘‘based on the Federal Acquisition Regula-tions’’. 
SA 2543. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 864. PILOT PROGRAM TO DEVELOP INDUS-TRIAL BASE PLANS AND PROJEC-TIONS FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUI-SITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, working through the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall establish a pilot program to develop industrial base plans and projections for elements of the defense in-dustrial bases that support selected major defense acquisition programs. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF MDAP S.—The Sec-retary of Defense shall designate not less than two major defense acquisition programs for each military department to participate in the pilot program. Not less than two of the programs designated shall be software- intensive systems. (c) I
NFORMATION REPOSITORY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For each major defense acquisition program designated to partici-pate in the pilot program, the Secretary con-cerned, in coordination with the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, shall develop an information repository that includes information on— (A) primary and subtier suppliers of major and critical components, technologies, and services supporting the program; (B) the location of each supplier, as well as the location of any supplier facilities sup-porting the program that are located outside of the United States; (C) the ability of each supplier to support the requirements of the program over the fu-ture-years defense program and the next 10 years; (D) for each supplier or supplier facility as referenced in subsection (b)(1)(B) that is not located in Australia, New Zealand, Canada, or the United Kingdom, an assessment of the time and cost associated with securing an al-ternative domestic source of supply should the need arise; (E) critical shortfalls in specific elements of the program’s supporting industrial base; and (F) other information as deemed appro-priate by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. (2) USE OF REPOSITORY .—The Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and other appropriate officials shall use the repositories established under paragraph (1) to assess critical shortfalls and dependence on industrial base capabilities that affect multiple programs, including pro-grams not participating in the pilot program under this section. (d) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on activities under the pilot program, including— (1) identification of programs participating in the pilot; (2) a description of the information reposi-tory and analysis tools being used to support the program; (3) a description of industrial base short-falls identified in the pilot program; and (4) a description of the overseas locations identified under subsection (c)(1)(B), and an assessment of industrial base risks associ-ated with those locations over the future- years defense program and the next 10 years. 
SA 2544. Mr. REED submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1026. RISKS FACED BY FORMER DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, WHO ARE OF LIBYAN, UIGHUR, OR YEMENI OR-IGIN IN RETURN TO THEIR COUNTRY OF NATIONALITY. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .— (1) F
INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (A) Countries that have agreed to accept detainees from the detention center at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have an obligation under inter-national law to ensure the individuals are not transferred to countries where there is a real risk of torture, arbitrary deprivation of life, or other violations of fundamental rights. (B) Dozens of former detainees at the de-tention center who are of Libyan, Uighur and Yemeni origin are currently resettled in third countries. (2) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the countries that host former detainees who are of Libyan, Uighur, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.092 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3373 June 7, 2018 
Yemini origin should be cognizant of their obligations under international law when making decisions about such former detain-ees. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the risk of torture, arbitrary dep-rivation of life, or other violations of funda-mental rights that former detainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, who are of Libyan, Uighur, or Yemeni origin would face if returned to their coun-try of nationality. 
SA 2545. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PLAN FOR RESEARCH AND DEM-ONSTRATIONS OF AUTONOMOUS VE-HICLE SYSTEMS TO REDUCE BASE OPERATIONS COSTS. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—Not later than the date that is one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing, submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the development, dem-onstration, and employment of autonomous vehicle technologies to reduce base oper-ations costs. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An overview of the potential for autono-mous vehicles to reduce base operations costs. (2) A description of the potential of com-mercially-available autonomous vehicles to be demonstrated on military installations in the next three years, including emerging transportation technologies on-base, espe-cially those that help reduce costs, improve safety, and deliver required services more ef-ficiently and effectively. (3) A description of the benefits of coordi-nation with industrial, academic, and State and local partners in demonstrations of and deployment of autonomous vehicles to re-duce base operations costs. (4) Plans for research and development ac-tivities, including establishment of testbeds, that would improve the capabilities of au-tonomous vehicles to reduce base operations costs. (5) Plans to develop data collection meth-odologies, data analysis techniques, and metrics to evaluate the success of initiatives relating to the development, demonstration, and employment of autonomous vehicle technologies to reduce base operations costs. (6) Plans for specific demonstration activi-ties at military installations relating to em-ployment of autonomous vehicle tech-nologies to reduce base operations costs. 
SA 2546. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. STRATEGY FOR MAINTAINING UNITED STATES LEADERSHIP AND COMPETITIVENESS IN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intel-ligence, develop a long-term strategy for maintaining the leadership and competitive-ness of the United States in the use of artifi-cial intelligence technologies in national se-curity. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the strategy required by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Defense shall consider the fol-lowing: (A) Long-term global trends of state and non-state actor development and use of arti-ficial intelligence technologies. (B) Ethical implications of development of and use of artificial intelligence in national security. (C) Domestic and international legal impli-cations of artificial intelligence in national security. (D) Opportunities for international co-operation to establish international norms for the use of artificial intelligence tech-nologies in national security. (E) The benefits and risks of using artifi-cial intelligence technologies in national se-curity. (F) Workforce development requirements and challenges. (G) Assessments of capabilities and tech-nologies under development by the private sector and non-governmental organizations. (3) S
UBMITTAL .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of the strategy required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the strategy. Such strategy shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (b) R
EPORT ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE  
ANDNATIONAL SECURITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the following: (A) Long-term global trends of state and non-state actor development and use of arti-ficial intelligence technologies. (B) Ethical implications of development of and use of artificial intelligence in national security. (C) Legal (both domestic and inter-national) implications of artificial intel-ligence in national security. (D) Opportunities for international co-operation to establish international norms for the use of artificial technologies in na-tional security. (E) The benefits and risks of using artifi-cial intelligence technologies for national se-curity. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the congressional intelligence commit-tees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)); (3) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (4) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. SA 2547. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 1626 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1626. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL MANUFAC-TURERS IN THE DEFENSE INDUS-TRIAL SUPPLY CHAIN ON MATTERS RELATING TO CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) D ISSEMINATION OF CYBERSECURITY RE-
SOURCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in consultation with the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, shall take such actions as may be necessary to enhance awareness of cybersecurity threats among small manufac-turers in the defense industrial supply chain. (2) P
RIORITY .—The Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering shall prioritize efforts to increase awareness to help reduce cybersecurity risks faced by small manufacturers described in paragraph (1), including through the use of small busi-ness development centers and the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership. (3) S
ECTOR FOCUS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall carry out this subsection with a focus on such industry sectors as the Under Secretary considers critical. (4) O
UTREACH EVENTS .—Under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering shall conduct out-reach to support activities consistent with this section. Such outreach may include live events with a physical presence and outreach conducted through Internet websites. (b) V
OLUNTARY CYBERSECURITY SELF-AS-
SESSMENTS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall develop mechanisms to provide assistance to help small manufacturers conduct voluntary self- assessments in order to understand oper-ating environments, cybersecurity require-ments, and existing vulnerabilities, includ-ing through the Mentor Prote´ge´Program, small business programs, and engagements with defense laboratories and test ranges. (c) T
RANSFER OF RESEARCH FINDINGS AND  E
XPERTISE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall promote the transfer of appropriate tech-nology and techniques developed in the De-partment of Defense to small manufacturers throughout the United States to implement security measures that are adequate to pro-tect covered defense information, including controlled unclassified information. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL EX -
PERTISE AND CAPABILITIES .—The Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing shall coordinate efforts, when appro-priate, with the expertise and capabilities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.092 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3374 June 7, 2018 
that exist in Federal agencies and federally sponsored laboratories. (3) A
GREEMENTS .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering may enter into agreements with private industry, institutes of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal government to ensure breadth and depth of coverage to the United States defense industrial base and to leverage resources. (d) D
EFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE CYBER  T
RAINING PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-fense shall establish a cyber counseling cer-tification program, or approve a similar ex-isting program, to certify small business pro-fessionals and other relevant acquisition staff within the Department of Defense and designated employees of small business de-velopment centers to provide cyber planning assistance to small manufacturers in the de-fense industrial supply chain. Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Depart-ment of Defense may reimburse small busi-ness development centers for costs related to certification training under this subsection. (e) A
UTHORITIES .—In executing this pro-gram, the Secretary may use the following authorities: (1) The Manufacturing Technology Pro-gram established under section 2521 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership program under section 2368 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The Manufacturing Engineering Edu-cation Program established under section 2196 of title 10, United States Code. (4) The Small Business Innovation Re-search program. (5) The mentor-prote´ge´program. (6) Other legal authorities as the Secretary deems necessary for the effective and effi-cient execution of the program. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) R
ESOURCES .—The term ‘‘resources’’ means guidelines, tools, best practices, standards, methodologies, and other ways of providing information. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘‘small business concern’’ means a small business concern as that term is used in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (3) S
MALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CEN -
TER.—The term ‘‘small business development center’’ means a small business development center described in section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648). (4) S
MALL MANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘small manufacturer’’ means a small busi-ness concern that is a manufacturer. (5) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, Territories, and posses-sions of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
SA 2548. Mr. WARNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 718, between lines 7 and 8, insert the following: (3) affect the integrity or outcome of United States elections at any level, includ-ing at the Federal, State, and local levels; 
SA 2549. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle D of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 550. REPORTS ON RACIAL AND SEXUAL DIS-PARITIES IN DEMOGRAPHICS OF MILITARY JUSTICE AND DISCIPLI-NARY PROCEEDINGS AGAINST MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary of a military depart-ment shall submit to the President, and to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a report on racial and sexual disparities in the demographics of military justice and dis-ciplinary proceedings against members of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary during the 15-year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall include the following, con-ducted by the Secretary of the military de-partment concerned for purposes of such re-port: (1) A comprehensive demographic analysis of military justice and other disciplinary proceedings against members of the Armed Forces concerned during the period described in subsection (a). (2) A comprehensive analysis and descrip-tion of any disparities in justice or other proceedings among such members based on race or sex. 
SA 2550. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 633. POLICY ON CONSIDERATION OF FRAUD AGAINST MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES OR THEIR DEPENDENTS IN DETERMINATIONS TO PERMIT FI-NANCIAL INSTITUTIONS TO OPER-ATE ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
The Secretary of Defense may issue a for-mal policy, applicable Department of De-fense-wide, requiring that any determination after the date of issuance of the policy on whether to permit or continue to permit a fi-nancial institution to operate on a military installation of the Department of Defense shall take into account, in such manner as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of the policy, the nature and scope of any order against the financial institution pursuant to section 987 of title 10, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Military Lending Act’’), or the Servicemembers’ Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 501 et seq.) involv-ing members of the Armed Forces or their dependents. 
SA 2551. Ms. WARREN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORTS ON MID-AIR REFUELING OF AIRCRAFT OF THE SAUDI-LED COA-LITION CONDUCTING OPERATIONS IN YEMEN. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 60 days thereafter, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on any mid-air refueling provided by the United States under a covered acquisition or cross- servicing agreement for any aircraft of the Saudi-led coalition for purposes of a mission in or against Yemen. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall include, for the 60-day pe-riod ending on the date of such report, the following: (1) An identification of each aircraft of the Saudi-led coalition provided mid-air refuel-ing as described in subsection (a). (2) The intended target or targets of such aircraft on the mission during which refu-eled. (3) The targets struck by such aircraft on such mission. (4) The results of such mission. (c) F
ORM.—Each report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered acquisition or cross- servicing agreement’’ means an agreement under section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, or any other acquisition or cross-serv-icing agreement, with Saudi Arabia or a country of the Saudi-led coalition. (2) The term ‘‘Saudi-led coalition’’ means the coalition of countries led by Saudi Ara-bia that is conducting military operations in or against Yemen. 
SA 2552. Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B in title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. 3119. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING URANIUM MINING AND NUCLEAR WEAPONS TESTING. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States should compensate and recognize all of the miners, workers, downwinders, and others suffering from the effects of uranium mining and nuclear weapons testing carried out during the Cold War. 
SA 2553. Mr. LANKFORD (for him-self, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , and Mr. T ILLIS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.093 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3375 June 7, 2018 
appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 682, line 18, strike ‘‘the title for’’ and insert ‘‘or deliver’’. 
SA 2554. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 340. REPORT ON AIR FORCE AIRFIELD OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct an assessment and submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the operational requirements for Air Force airfields. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An assessment of the state of airfields where runway degradation currently poses a threat to operations and airfields where such degradation threatens operations in the next five and ten years. (2) A description of the operational re-quirements for airfields, including an assess-ment of the impact to operations, cost to re-pair, cost to replace, remaining useful life, and the required daily maintenance to en-sure runways are acceptable for full oper-ations. (3) A description of any challenges with in-frastructure acquisition methods and proc-esses. (4) An assessment of the operational im-pact in the event a runway were to become inoperable due to a major degradation inci-dent, such as a crack or fracture resulting from lack of maintenance and repair. (5) A plan to address any shortfalls associ-ated with the Air Force’s runway infrastruc-ture. (c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
SA 2555. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 316. REQUIRED GULF OF MEXICO LEASE SALES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104 of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Public Law 109–432) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2019’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) EXTENSION OF MORATORIUM .—Effective during the period beginning on July 1, 2019 and ending on June 30, 2026, the Secretary shall not offer for leasing, preleasing, or any related activity any area in the Eastern Planning Area that is within 50 miles of the coastline of the State of Florida.’’. (b) R
EQUIRED LEASE SALES .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) E
ASTERN PLANNING AREA .—The term ‘‘Eastern Planning Area’’ means the Eastern Gulf of Mexico Planning Area of the outer Continental Shelf, as designated in the docu-ment entitled ‘‘2019-2024 National Outer Con-tinental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Draft Proposed Program’’ and dated January 2018. (B) O
IL AND GAS LEASING PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘oil and gas leasing program’’ means the 5-year oil and gas leasing program pre-pared by the Secretary of the Interior under section 18 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1344) (as in effect on the date of the applicable lease sale under para-graph (2)). (C) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (2) R
EQUIRED LEASE SALES .—Notwith- standing any omission of any portion of the Eastern Planning Area from the oil and gas leasing program, the Secretary shall— (A) offer for oil and gas leasing under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) all available leases in the East-ern Planning Area; and (B) conduct— (i) not fewer than 1 lease sale in the East-ern Planning Area before December 31, 2020; and (ii) a second lease sale in the Eastern Plan-ning Area before December 31, 2023. 
SA 2556. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of division A, add the following: TITLE XVIII—AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE 
SEC. 1801. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force Against al- Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria’’. 
SEC. 1802. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this title are as follows: (1) To update the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) in order to provide legal authority for military action against al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria due to the continued threat they pose to the United States. (2) To establish a process for oversight by Congress of military action against persons or forces associated with al-Qaeda, the Taliban, or the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria that pose a direct threat to the United States. (3) To repeal the Authorization for Use of Military Force and the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). SEC. 1803. AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES TO PRE-VENT FUTURE ACTS OF INTER-NATIONAL TERRORISM AGAINST THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—In order to prevent any future acts of international terrorism against the United States, the President is authorized to use all necessary and appro-priate force against— (1) al-Qaeda and the Taliban; (2) the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, the Islamic State, Daesh, ISIS, and ISIL); and (3) associated persons or forces as provided in section 1804. (b) W
ARPOWERS RESOLUTION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (1) S
PECIFIC STATUTORY AUTHORIZATION .— Consistent with section 8(a)(1) of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1547(a)(1)), Con-gress declares that this section is intended to constitute specific statutory authoriza-tion within the meaning of section 5(b) of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1544(b)). (2) A
PPLICABILITY OF OTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Nothing in this title supersedes any requirements of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). 
SEC. 1804. ASSOCIATED PERSONS OR FORCES. 
(a) A SSOCIATED PERSONS AND FORCES .—For purposes of section 3(a)(3), the term ‘‘associ-ated persons or forces’’ means any person or force, other than a sovereign nation, that— (1) is a part of, or substantially supports al-Qaeda, the Taliban, or the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria; and (2) is engaged in hostilities against the United States, its Armed Forces, or its other personnel. (b) I
NITIAL ASSOCIATED PERSONS OR  F
ORCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 3(a)(3), the term ‘‘associated persons or forces’’ includes any person or force meeting the definition in subsection (a) that is speci-fied in the report under paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this title, the President shall submit to Congress a report specifying the persons or forces (other than the groups al-Nusra Front (also known as Jabhat al-Nusra and Jabhat Fateh al-Sham), Khorasan Group, al-Qaeda in the Arabian Pe-ninsula, and al-Shabaab, which Congress considers to be associated persons or forces for purposes of this title) that are associated persons or forces under subsection (a) as of the date of the enactment of this title. (3) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The treatment of per-sons or forces specified in the report under paragraph (2) as associated persons or forces under subsection (a) is subject to disapproval in accordance with section 1806. (c) A
DDITIONAL ASSOCIATED PERSONS OR  F
ORCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 3(a)(3), the term ‘‘associated persons or forces’’ shall also include any person or force meeting the definition in subsection (a) that is specified in a report under paragraph (2). (2) R
EPORT .—Upon a determination by the President that any persons or forces not pre-viously treated as associated persons or forces for purposes of section 1803(a)(3) shall be treated under this subsection as associ-ated persons or forces, the President shall submit to Congress a report specifying that such persons or forces are to be treated under this subsection as associated persons or forces. Persons or forces may not be speci-fied in such a report if such persons or forces have previously been disapproved in accord-ance with section 6 for treatment as associ-ated persons or forces under subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.094 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3376 June 7, 2018 
(3) D ISAPPROVAL .—The treatment of per-sons or forces specified in a report under paragraph (2) as associated persons or forces under subsection (a) is subject to disapproval in accordance with section 1806. 
SEC. 1805. COUNTRIES IN WHICH OPERATIONS AUTHORIZED. 
Subject to disapproval in accordance with section 1806, the use of force authorized by section 3 may take place in a country (other than Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Somalia, Libya, or Yemen) if the President submits to Congress a report on the use of force in such country that includes the following; (1) The name of the country in which the use of force will take place. (2) A description of the presence in the country of al-Qaeda, the Taliban, or the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria, or associated persons or forces currently covered by sec-tion 1804. (3) A justification why the use of force in the country is necessary and appropriate. 
SEC. 1806. EXPEDITED PROCEDURES FOR JOINT RESOLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL OF USE OF FORCE AGAINST INITIAL OR ADDITIONAL ASSOCIATED PERSONS OR FORCES OR IN OTHER COUN-TRIES. 
(a) R ESOLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘‘resolution’’ means only a joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress— (1) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘A joint resolution of disapproval of an addition by the President to the scope of the Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force against al- Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria.’’; (2) which does not have a preamble; and (3) either— (A) with respect to a report submitted under section 1804(b) or 1804(c), the matter after the resolving clause of which is as fol-lows: ‘‘That Congress does not approve the use of force against lllllll under the Authorization for Use of Military Force against al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Is-lamic State of Iraq and Syria.’’, the blank space being filled with the persons or forces concerned; or (B) with respect to a report submitted under section 1805, the matter after the re-solving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress does not approve the use of force in lllllll under the Authorization for Use of Military Force against al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria.’’, the blank space being filled with the country concerned. (b) C
ONSIDERATION IN THE SENATE .— (1) R
EFERRAL .—Any resolution introduced in the Senate shall be referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. (2) I
N GENERAL .—If the committee has not reported a resolution within 10 session days after the date of referral of the resolution, the committee shall be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the resolution and the resolution shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. (3) P
ROCEEDING TO CONSIDERATION .—Not- withstanding Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order, not later than 2 days of session after the date on which the resolution is reported or dis-charged from the committees, for the Major-ity Leader of the Senate or the Majority Leader’s designee to move to proceed to the consideration of the resolution. Thereafter, it shall be in order for any Member of the Senate to move to proceed to the consider-ation of the resolution at any time. A mo-tion to proceed is not in order if a previous motion to the same effect has been disposed of. All points of order against the motion to proceed to the resolution are waived. The motion to proceed is not debatable. The mo-tion to proceed to the resolution is not sub-ject to a motion to postpone. A motion to re-consider the vote by which the motion to proceed is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. (4) WAIVER OF ALL POINTS OF ORDER .—All points of order against the resolution (and against consideration of the resolution) are waived. (5) R
ULES TO COORDINATE ACTION WITH  
OTHER HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House of a resolution of that House, the House receives from the other House a reso-lution identical to a resolution introduced in that House, then the following procedures shall apply: (A) The resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. (B) The procedure in the receiving House shall be the same as if no resolution has been received from the other House until the vote on passage, when the identical resolution re-ceived from the other House shall supplant the resolution of the receiving House. (C) If one House fails to introduce or con-sider a resolution identical to one passed by the other House, the resolution of the other House shall be entitled to expedited floor procedures under this subsection. (D) If, following passage of the resolution in the Senate, the Senate receives an iden-tical resolution from the House of Represent-atives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. The vote on passage of the iden-tical resolution in the Senate shall be con-sidered to be the vote on passage of the reso-lution received from the House of Represent-atives. (c) A
CTION AFTER PASSAGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If Congress passes a reso-lution, the period beginning on the date the President is presented with the resolution and ending on the date the President takes action with respect to the resolution shall be disregarded in computing the 60-calendar- day period described in section 1807(b). (2) V
ETOES .—If the President vetoes a reso-lution— (A) the period beginning on the date the President vetoes the resolution and ending on the date the Congress receives the veto message with respect to the resolution shall be disregarded in computing the 60-calendar- day period described in section 1807(b); and (B) debate in the Senate of any veto mes-sage with respect to the resolution, includ-ing all debatable motions and appeals in con-nection with the resolution, shall be limited to 10 hours, to be equally divided between, and controlled by, the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader of the Senate or their designees. 
SEC. 1807. EFFECT OF ENACTMENT OF JOINT RESOLUTION OF DISAPPROVAL OF USE OF FORCE AGAINST INITIAL OR ADDITIONAL ASSOCIATED PERSONS OR FORCES OR IN OTHER COUN-TRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) A
GAINST INITIAL OR ADDITIONAL ASSOCI -
ATED PERSONS OR FORCES .—Subject to sub-section (b), upon the enactment by Congress of a resolution described in section 1806(a) with respect to the use of force pursuant to section 3 against initial associated persons or forces pursuant to 1804(b), or against addi-tional associated persons or forces pursuant to section 1804(c), the authority under this title to use force against such persons or forces shall cease. (2) I
N OTHER COUNTIES .—Subject to sub-section (b), upon the enactment by Congress of a resolution described in section 1806(a) with respect to the use of force pursuant to section 3 in another country pursuant to sec-tion 5, the authority under this title to use force in that country shall cease. (b) D
EADLINE FOR EFFECTIVENESS .—Except as provided in section 1806(c), a resolution described in section 1806(a) is effective only if enacted during the 60-calendar-day period beginning on the date on which the Presi-dent submits to Congress the report on the associated persons or forces concerned under section 1804(b) or 1804(c) or on the country concerned under section 1805, as applicable. (c) AUTHORIZATION .—The authority sought by the President pursuant to the report under section 1804(b), to specify initial asso-ciated persons or forces to be covered by sec-tion 1803(a)(3), pursuant to a report under section 1804(c), to add additional associated persons or forces to the associated persons or forces currently covered by section 1803(a)(3), or pursuant to a report under section 1805, to authorize the use of force under section 1803 in a country or countries not explicitly set forth in section 1805, shall exist as of the date of the report concerned and continue until a resolution of disapproval described in section 1806(a), if any, is enacted by Congress in accordance with section 1806. 
SEC. 1808. DURATION OF AUTHORIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to encourage periodic review of the use of force authorized by this title, the authorization for use of force in section 1803 shall terminate five years after the date of the enactment of this title, unless reauthorized by Congress. (b) R
EAUTHORIZATION .—Before the expira-tion of this title, this title may be reauthor-ized pursuant to section 1811. 
SEC. 1809. REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE. 
The Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) is repealed, effective 60 days after the date of the enactment of this title. 
SEC. 1810. REPEAL OF AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE AGAINST IRAQ RESOLUTION OF 2002. 
The Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 (Public Law 107–243; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note) is repealed, effective 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this title. 
SEC. 1811. EXPEDITED PROCEDURES FOR REAU-THORIZATION OF AUTHORIZATION FOR THE USE OF MILITARY FORCE. 
(a) R ESOLUTION OF REAUTHORIZATION .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘resolu-tion’’ also means a joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress— (1) which is introduced not later than 180 before the date of the expiration of this title in accordance with section 8(a); (2) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘A joint resolution to reauthorize the Authorization for Use of Military Force against al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria.’’; (3) which does not have a preamble; and (4) the matter after the enacting clause of which is as follows: ‘‘The Authorization for the Use of Military Force against al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria is amended in section 8(a) by striking ‘5 years’ and inserting ‘10 years’.’’. (b) E
XPEDITED PROCEDURES .—Consideration of the resolution described in subsection (a) shall be governed by the procedures set forth in section 1806, as if the resolution described in subsection (a) were a resolution described in section 1806(a), including the procedures relating to veto messages specified in section 1806(c). 
SEC. 1812. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this title, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees and leadership of Congress a re-port setting forth a comprehensive strategy of the United States, encompassing military, economic, humanitarian, and diplomatic ca-pabilities, to protect the United States from al-Qaeda, the Taliban, and the Islamic State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.095 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3377 June 7, 2018 
of Iraq and Syria in their fight to defeat such organizations. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF STRATEGY .— (1) B
IANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this title, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees and leadership of Congress a written report setting forth a current com-prehensive assessment of the implementa-tion of the strategy required by subsection (a), including a description of any sub-stantive change to the strategy (including the reasons for the change and the effect of the change on the rest of the strategy). (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under this sub-section shall include a description of the spe-cific actions taken pursuant to this title to address the threat to the United States posed by transnational terrorist organiza-tions and associated persons or forces, in-cluding— (A) a description of the specific authorities relied upon for such actions; (B) the persons and forces targeted by such actions; (C) the nature and location of such actions; and (D) an evaluation of the effectiveness of such actions. (c) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS ON OPERATIONS .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this title, and every 90 days thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a report setting forth the following: (1) A list of the organizations, persons, and forces against which operations were con-ducted under the authority of this title dur-ing the 90-day period ending on the date of the report. (2) A list of all foreign countries in which the United States conducted operations under the authority of this title during such 90-day period. (d) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—Any report sub-mitted under this section may include a clas-sified annex. (e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES AND LEADER -
SHIP OF CONGRESS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees and lead-ership of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (2) the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives and the Majority Leader and the Mi-nority Leader of the House of Representa-tives. 
SA 2557. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title VIII, add the following: SEC. 873. REPORTING ON PROJECTS PERFORMED THROUGH TRANSACTIONS OTHER THAN CONTRACTS, COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS, AND GRANTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than De-cember 31, 2018, and each December 31 there-after through December 31, 2021, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report cov-ering the preceding fiscal year on projects described in subsection (b). (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) for each project performed through a transaction (other than contracts, coopera-tive agreements, and grants) entered into pursuant to section 2371 or 2371b of title 10, United States Code, for which payments made by the Department of Defense exceeded $5,000,000 for such transaction— (A) an identification of the element of the Department of Defense and the person or en-tity outside of the Department of Defense entering into such transaction; (B) the date of entry into such transaction; (C) the amount of the payments made by the Department of Defense for such trans-action; (D) the goals and status of each project carried out under such transaction; and (E) the start date and anticipated end date of each project carried out under such trans-action; and (2) a description of the mechanisms, in-cluding any policies, guidance, and reporting requirements, established by the Secretary of Defense to regulate the use of authority relating to a transaction (other than con-tracts, cooperative agreements, and grants) entered into pursuant to section 2371 or 2371b of title 10, United States Code. 
SA 2558. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. MODIFICATIONS TO PROCUREMENT THROUGH COMMERCIAL E-COM-MERCE PORTALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 846 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 41 U.S.C. 1901 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (j) and (k) as subsections (m) and (n), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(j) M
ICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD .—Not- withstanding section 2338 of title 10, United States Code, and section 1902 of title 41, United States Code, the micro-purchase threshold for a procurement of a product through a commercial e-commerce portal used under the program established under subsection (a) is $25,000. ‘‘(k) C
OMPETITIVE PROCEDURES .—Proce- dures established by the Administrator for a procurement through a commercial e-com-merce portal used under the program estab-lished pursuant to subsection (a) shall be considered use of competitive procedures for purposes of division C of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code (as defined in section 152 of such title). ‘‘(l) EXCEPTIONS FOR GOVERNMENT -WIDE IN-
DEFINITE DELIVERY , INDEFINITE QUANTITY  M
ULTIPLE -AWARD CONTRACTS .—Pursuant to subsection (a), if the Administrator issues a solicitation for one or more contracts under the authority of sections 4103 and 4106 of title 41, United States Code (multiple award task or delivery order contracts), or section 152(3) of such title and section 501(b) of title 40, United States Code (Federal Supply Schedule contracts), then— ‘‘(1) the requirements at section 3306(c)(1)(B) and (C) of title 41, United States Code, shall not apply; and ‘‘(2) cost or price to the Federal Govern-ment shall be considered in conjunction with the issuance pursuant to section 4106(c) of title 41, United States Code, of a task or de-livery order under any contract resulting from the solicitation.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Subsection (n)(3) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (a) of this section, is amended by striking ‘‘agen-cies.’’ and inserting ‘‘agencies, unless such portal is designed for the purpose of access-ing multiple other e-commerce portals, in-cluding commercial portals, via a single view for the purchase of commercial products.’’. 
SA 2559. Mr. DURBIN (for Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY ANNUAL REPORT. 
(a) R EVISIONS TO REPORT ELEMENTS .—Sub- section (a) of section 2313a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘signifi-cant’’ and all that follows through the semi-colon at the end, and inserting ‘‘the regu-latory requirements that create compliance difficulties for contractors, including an analysis of how those regulatory require-ments affect contractors of different sizes and industries;’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (A) through (E) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) the total number of new audit or advi-sory engagements, by type (pre-award, in-curred cost, other post-award, and business system), with time limits expiring during the fiscal year that were completed or were awaiting completion, as compared to total audit and advisory engagements completed or awaiting completion during the year; ‘‘(B) on-time performance relative to time limits for each type of audit or advisory en-gagement (shown separately for the Defense Contract Audit Agency and qualified private auditors retained by the agency); ‘‘(C) the time limit (expressed in days) for each type of audit or advisory engagement, along with the shortest period, longest pe-riod, and average period of actual perform-ance (shown separately for the Defense Con-tract Audit Agency and qualified private auditors retained by the agency); ‘‘(D) for pre-award audits and advisory en-gagements of contractor costs, sustained costs as a total number and as a percentage of total questioned costs, where questioned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.095 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3378 June 7, 2018 
costs are expressed as the impact on nego-tiable contract costs (shown separately for the Defense Contract Audit Agency and qualified private auditors retained by the agency); ‘‘(E) for post-award audits and advisory en-gagements of contractor costs, the ques-tioned costs accepted by the contracting of-ficers and contractors as a total number and as a percentage of total questioned costs, where questioned costs are expressed as the impact on reimbursable contract (shown sep-arately for the Defense Contract Audit Agen-cy and qualified private auditors retained by the agency);’’; and (B) in subparagraph (H)— (i) by inserting ‘‘post-award’’ after ‘‘dollar value of’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘submission’’ and inserting ‘‘proposal’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), and (9), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A summary of the reasons for the dif-ference between questioned and sustained costs shown in the statistical tables under paragraph (2).’’; (5) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection), by striking ‘‘needed to improve the audit process;’’ and inserting ‘‘needed by the Defense Contract Audit Agency to improve the audit process or that would enhance compliance with regu-latory requirements.’’; (6) in paragraph (7) (as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection), by striking ‘‘more effective use of audit resources;’’ and inserting ‘‘contract compliance and profes-sional development of the Defense Contract Audit Agency workforce (shown separately for collaborative outreach actions and other outreach actions).’’; and (7) by inserting after paragraph (7) (as re-designated by paragraph (3) of this sub-section) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) A statistically representative survey of contracting officers form Department of Defense buying commands, the Defense Con-tract Management Agency, and small and large business representatives from industry to measure the timeliness and effectiveness of audit and advisory services provided (shown separately for the Defense Contract Audit Agency and qualified private auditors retained by the Defense Contract Audit Agency).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection (a) of such section is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall include, at a minimum—’’ and inserting ‘‘shall include the following:’’; (2) by capitalizing the first letter following the paragraph designation in each of para-graphs (1), (2), (4), (5), (6), (7), and (9); and (3) by striking the semicolon at the end of each of paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (6) and in-serting a period. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘qualified in-curred cost submission’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified private auditor’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2020. 
SA 2560. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title X, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. STUDY ON RECRUITMENT OF STU-DENTS WITH EXPERIENCE IN CER-TAIN TECHNICAL FIELDS. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall conduct a study to determine how the Department of Defense can attract and recruit from institutions of higher edu-cation, including the institutions described in subsection (b), students with educational backgrounds in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics, including the fields of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and cybersecurity. (b) I
NSTITUTIONS DESCRIBED .—The institu-tions described in this subsection are— (1) Hispanic Serving Institutions (as de-fined in section 502 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1101a)); (2) Historically Black Colleges and Univer-sities (as defined in section 322 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1061)); and (3) Asian American and Native American Pacific Islander Serving Institutions (as de-fined in Section 371(c) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1067q(c)). (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the results of the study conducted under sub-section (a). 
SA 2561. Ms. HARRIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. DIRECT EMPLOYMENT PILOT PROGRAM FOR MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS AND VETERANS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may enter into agreements with the chief ex-ecutives of the States to carry out pilot pro-grams to enhance the efforts of the Depart-ment of Defense to provide job placement as-sistance and related employment services di-rectly to unemployed or underemployed members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and veterans. (b) C
OST-SHARING .—Any agreement under subsection (a) shall require that the State must contribute an amount, derived from non-Federal sources, that equals or exceeds 50 percent of the funds provided by the Sec-retary to the State under this section to sup-port the operation of the pilot program in that State. (c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The pilot program in a State shall be administered by the adju-tant general in that State appointed under section 314 of title 32, United States Code. If the adjutant general is unavailable or unable to administer a pilot program, the Sec-retary, after consulting with the chief execu-tive of the State, shall designate an official of that State to administer that pilot pro-gram. (d) P
ROGRAM MODEL .—A pilot program under this section— (1) shall use a job placement program model that focuses on working one-on-one with individuals described in subsection (a) to provide cost-effective job placement serv-ices, including— (A) job matching services; (B) resume editing; (C) interview preparation; and (D) post-employment follow up; and (2) shall incorporate best practices of State-operated direct employment programs for members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and veterans, such as the programs conducted in California and South Carolina. (e) SKILLBRIDGE TRAINING OPPORTUNI -
TIES.—A pilot program under this section shall utilize civilian training opportunities through the SkillBridge transition training program administered by the Department of Defense. (f) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall de-velop outcome measurements to evaluate the success of any pilot program established under this provision. (g) R
EPORTING .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and Chief of the National Guard Bureau, shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report describing the results of any pilot program established under this section. (2) E
LEMENTS .—A report under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: (A) A description and assessment of the ef-fectiveness and achievements of the pilot program, including— (i) the number of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and vet-erans hired; and (ii) the cost-per-placement of participating members and veterans. (B) An assessment of the impact of the pilot program and increased reserve compo-nent employment levels on— (i) the readiness of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces; and (ii) retention of service members. (C) A comparison of the pilot program to other programs conducted by the Depart-ment of Defense or Department of Veterans Affairs to provide unemployment and under-employment support to members of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces or veterans, including best practices the im-proved the effectiveness of such programs. (D) Any other matter the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate. (h) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the authority to carry out a pilot program under this section expires on September 30, 2023. (2) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may extend a pilot program under this section beyond the date in paragraph (1) by not more than two years. 
SA 2562. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. REPORT ON HONDURAS, GUATEMALA, AND EL SALVADOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.096 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3379 June 7, 2018 
the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Re-lations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a report regarding narcotics trafficking corruption and illicit campaign finance in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. (b) M
ATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the names of senior government offi-cials in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Sal-vador who are known to have committed or facilitated acts of grand corruption or nar-cotics trafficking; (2) the names of elected officials in Hon-duras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have received campaign funds that are the proceeds of narco-trafficking or other illicit activities in the last 2 years; and (3) the names of individuals in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have facilitated the financing of political campaigns in any of the Northern Triangle countries with the proceeds of narco-traf-ficking or other illicit activities in the last 2 years. (c) F
ORM.—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 2563. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DIVER-SITY AND INCLUSION WORKFORCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions apply: (1) A
PPLICANT FLOW DATA .—The term ‘‘ap-plicant flow data’’ means data that tracks the rate of applications for job positions among demographic categories. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (3) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Defense and the Coast Guard. (4) D
IVERSITY .—The term ‘‘diversity’’ means all the different characteristics and attributes of the total workforce of the De-partment, which are consistent with the core values of the Department, integral to overall readiness and mission accomplishment, and reflective of the Nation. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Defense; and (B) the Secretary of Homeland Security in the case of the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Department of the Navy. (6) W
ORKFORCE .—The term ‘‘workforce’’ means an individual serving in a position— (A) in the civil service (as defined in sec-tion 2101 of title 5, United States Code); or (B) as a member of the Armed Forces, in-cluding commissioned officers and senior en-listed personnel of each Armed Force, in-cluding the reserve components. (b) DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION STRATEGIC  P
LAN.—It is the sense of Congress that the Department should— (1) employ an aligned strategic outreach effort to identify, attract, and recruit from a broad talent pool reflective of the best of the Nation; (2) be an employer of choice that is com-petitive in attracting and recruiting top tal-ent; (3) develop, mentor, and retain top talents from across the total force; (4) establish the position of the Depart-ment as an employer of choice by creating a merit-based workforce life-cycle continuum that focuses on personal and professional de-velopment through training, education, and developing employment flexibility to retain a highly-skilled workforce; (5) ensure leadership commitment to an ac-countable and sustained diversity effort; and (6) develop structures and strategies to equip leadership with the ability to manage diversity, be accountable, and engender an inclusive work environment that cultivates innovation and optimization within the De-partment. (c) I
NITIAL REPORTING PERIOD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every fiscal year through fiscal year 2024, the Secretary shall make available to the public and the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report which includes aggregate demo-graphic data and other information regard-ing the diversity and inclusion efforts of the workforce of the Department. (2) D
ATA.—Each report made available under paragraph (1)— (A) shall include barrier analysis related to diversity and inclusion efforts; (B) shall include aggregate demographic data— (i) by segment of the workforce of the De-partment and grade or rank; (ii) by military service and civil service job code; (iii) relating to attrition and promotion rates; (iv) that addresses the compliance of the Department with validated inclusion metrics; (v) that provides demographic comparisons to the relevant non-Governmental labor force and the relevant civilian labor force; (vi) on the diversity of selection boards; (vii) on the employment of minority and service-disabled veterans during the most re-cent 10-year period, including— (I) the number hired through direct hires, internships, and fellowship programs; and (II) attrition rates by grade, in the civil service and military service, and in the sen-ior positions; and (viii) on mentorship and retention pro-grams; (C) shall include an analysis of applicant flow data, including the percentage, number, and level of positions (which shall include in-ternships) for which data are collected and a discussion of any resulting policy changes or recommendations; (D) may include a recommendation (which shall be made after close consultation with internal stakeholders, such as employee re-source or affinity groups) regarding whether the Department should voluntarily collect more detailed data on demographic cat-egories in addition to the race and ethnicity categories specified in the statistical policy directive issued by the Office of Management and Budget entitled ‘‘Standards for Main-taining, Collecting, and Presenting Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity’’; (E) shall include demographic data relat-ing to participants in professional develop-ment programs of the Department and the rate of placement into senior positions for participants in such programs; (F) shall include any voluntarily collected demographic data relating to the member-ship of any external advisory committee or board to which individuals in senior posi-tions in the Department appoint members; (G) shall be organized in terms of real numbers and percentages at all levels; and (H) shall be made available in a searchable database format. (3) OTHER CONTENTS .—Each report made available under paragraph (1) shall describe the efforts of the Department to— (A) propagate fairness, impartiality, and inclusion in the work environment domesti-cally and abroad; (B) ensure that harassment, intolerance, and discrimination are not tolerated; (C) refrain from engaging in unlawful dis-crimination in any phase of the employment process, including recruitment, hiring, eval-uation, assignments, promotion, retention, and training; (D) prevent illegal retaliation against em-ployees for participating in a protected equal employment opportunity activity; (E) provide reasonable accommodation for qualified employees and applicants with dis-abilities; (F) resolve workplace conflicts, confronta-tions, and complaints in a prompt, impartial, constructive, and timely manner; and (G) recruit a diverse workforce by— (i) recruiting women, minorities, veterans, and undergraduate and graduate students; (ii) recruiting at historically Black col-leges and universities, Hispanic serving in-stitutions, women’s colleges, and colleges that typically serve majority minority popu-lations; (iii) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs in urban communities; (iv) placing job advertisements in news-papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-ward women and people of color; and (v) recruiting mid-level and senior-level professionals through programs designed to increase minority representation in national security. (4) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The ele- ments of the intelligence community of the Department may make available a single re-port with respect to the diversity and inclu-sion efforts of the workforce of the elements of the intelligence community under this subsection. (d) U
PDATES .—After making available the first report under subsection (c), the Sec-retary shall annually provide a report (which may be provided as part of an annual report required under another provision of law) to the public and the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1) demographic data and information on the status of diversity and inclusion efforts of the Department; (2) an analysis of applicant flow data; (3) demographic data relating to partici-pants in professional development programs of the Department and the rate of placement into senior positions for participants in such programs; and (4) the specified data in a searchable data-base format. (e) C
ONDUCT EXIT INTERVIEWS OR SUR-
VEYS .— (1) R
ETAINED MEMBERS .—The Director of the Office of Diversity Management and Equal Opportunity shall conduct periodic interviews or surveys with a representative and diverse cross-section of the members of the workforce of the Department to— (A) understand the reasons of the members for remaining in a position in the Depart-ment; and (B) receive feedback on workplace policies, professional development opportunities, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.097 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3380 June 7, 2018 
other issues affecting the decision of the members to remain. (2) D
EPARTING MEMBERS .—The Director of the Office of Diversity Management and Equal Opportunity shall provide an oppor-tunity for an exit interview or survey to each member of the workforce of the Depart-ment who separates from service with the Department, to understand better the rea-sons of the member for leaving. (3) U
SE OF ANALYSIS FROM INTERVIEWS AND  
SURVEYS .—The Director of the Office of Di-versity Management and Equal Opportunity shall analyze and use information obtained through interviews and surveys under para-graphs (1) and (2), including to evaluate— (A) if and how the results of the interviews differ among gender, race, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, dis-ability status, and other demographic cat-egories; and (B) whether to implement any policy changes or make any recommendations as part of a report required under subsection (c). (4) T
RACKING DATA .—The Department shall— (A) track demographic data relating to participants in professional development programs and the rate of placement into sen-ior positions for participants in such pro-grams; (B) evaluate such data on an annual basis to look for ways to improve outreach and re-cruitment for such programs consistent with merit system principles; ø(C) understand how participation in any program offered or sponsored by the Depart-ment under subsection (f)(1) differs by gen-der, race, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, and other demographic categories; and ¿ (D) actively encourage participation from a range of demographic categories, espe-cially from categories with consistently low participation. (f) E
XPAND PROVISION OF PROFESSIONAL DE-
VELOPMENT AND CAREER ADVANCEMENT OP-
PORTUNITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Department is au-thorized to expand professional development opportunities that support the mission needs of the Department, such as— (A) academic programs; (B) private-public exchanges; and (C) detail assignments to relevant posi-tions in— (i) private or international organizations; (ii) State, local, and tribal governments; (iii) other branches of the Federal Govern-ment; or (iv) professional schools of international affairs. (2) T
RAINING FOR SENIOR POSITIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Department may offer, or sponsor members of the workforce of the Department to participate in, a Senior Executive Service candidate development program or other program that trains mem-bers of the workforce of the Department on the skills required for appointment to senior positions in the Department. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In determining which members of the workforce of the Department are granted professional development or ca-reer advancement opportunities, the Depart-ment shall— (i) ensure any program offered or sponsored by the Department under subparagraph (A) comports with the requirements of subpart C of part 412 of title 5, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor thereto, including merit staffing and assessment requirements; (ii) consider the number of expected vacan-cies in senior positions as a factor in deter-mining the number of candidates to select for such programs; ø(iii) understand how participation in any program offered or sponsored by the Depart-ment under subparagraph (A) differs by gen-der, race, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, and other demographic categories; and ¿ (iv) actively encourage participation from a range of demographic categories, espe-cially from categories with consistently low participation. (g) RECRUITMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Department should— (A) continue to seek a diverse and talented pool of applicants; (B) have diversity recruitment as a goal of the human resources department or equiva-lent entity, with outreach at appropriate colleges, universities, and diversity organi-zations and professional associations; and (C) intensify, identify, and build relation-ships with qualified potential minority can-didates. (2) S
COPE.—The diversity recruitment ini-tiatives described in paragraph (1) should in-clude— (A) recruiting at historically black col-leges and universities, Hispanic-serving in-stitutions, women’s colleges, and colleges that typically serve majority minority popu-lations; (B) sponsoring and recruiting at job fairs in urban communities; (C) placing job advertisements in news-papers, magazines, and job sites oriented to-ward diverse groups; (D) providing opportunities through highly respected, international leadership pro-grams, that focus on diversity recruitment and retention; and (E) cultivating partnerships with organiza-tions dedicated to the advancement of the profession of international affairs and na-tional security to advance shared diversity goals. 
SA 2564. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. ll. PILOT PROGRAM TO TEST MACHINE-VI-SION TECHNOLOGIES TO DETER-MINE THE AUTHENTICITY AND SE-CURITY OF MICROELECTRONIC PARTS IN WEAPON SYSTEMS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the De-fense Microelectronics Activity, shall estab-lish a pilot program to test the feasibility and reliability of using machine-vision tech-nologies to determine the authenticity and security of microelectronic parts in weapon systems. (b) O
BJECTIVES OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The objective of the pilot program required by subsection (a) shall include determining the following: (1) The effectiveness and technology readi-ness level of machine-vision technologies to determine the authenticity of microelec-tronic parts at the time of the creation of such part through final insertion of such part into weapon systems. (2) The best method of incorporating ma-chine-vision technologies into the process of developing, transporting, and inserting microelectronics into weapon systems. (3) The rules, regulations, or processes that hinder the development and incorporation of machine-vision technologies, and the appli-cation of such rules, regulations, or proc-esses to mitigate counterfeit microelec-tronics proliferation throughout the Depart-ment of Defense. (c) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out the pilot program required by subsection (a), the Under Secretary may consult with the fol-lowing: (1) Manufacturers of semiconductors or electronics. (2) Industry associations relating to semi-conductors or electronics. (3) Original equipment manufacturers of products for the Department of Defense. (4) Nontraditional defense contractors (as defined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code) that are machine-vision compa-nies. (5) Federal laboratories (as defined in sec-tion 2500 of title 10, United States Code). (6) Other elements of the Department of Defense that fall under the authority of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. (d) C
OMMENCEMENT AND DURATION .—The pilot program established under this section shall be established not later than April 1, 2019, and all activities under such pilot pro-gram shall terminate not later than Decem-ber 31, 2020. 
SA 2565. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ESTABLISHMENT OF VETERANS ECO-NOMIC OPPORTUNITY AND TRANSI-TION ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) V ETERANS ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY AND  T
RANSITION ADMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part V of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter: ‘‘CHAPTER 80—VETERANS ECONOMIC OP-PORTUNITY AND TRANSITION ADMINIS-TRATION ‘‘Sec. ‘‘8001. Organization of Administration. ‘‘8002. Functions of Administration. ‘‘§ 8001. Organization of Administration ‘‘(a) V
ETERANS ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY AND  T
RANSITION ADMINISTRATION .—(1) There is in the Department of Veterans Affairs a Vet-erans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration. ‘‘(2) The primary function of the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Ad-ministration is the administration of the programs of the Department that provide as-sistance related to economic opportunity to veterans and their dependents and survivors. ‘‘(b) U
NDER SECRETARY FOR ECONOMIC OP-
PORTUNITY AND TRANSITION .—The Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Ad-ministration is under the Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition, who is directly responsible to the Secretary for the operations of the Adminis-tration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.097 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3381 June 7, 2018 
‘‘§ 8002. Functions of Administration ‘‘The Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration is responsible for the administration of the following programs of the Department: ‘‘(1) Vocational rehabilitation and employ-ment programs. ‘‘(2) Educational assistance programs. ‘‘(3) Veterans’ housing loan and related programs. ‘‘(4) The verification of small businesses owned and controlled by veterans pursuant to subsection (f) of section 8127 of this title, including the administration of the database of veteran-owned businesses described in such subsection. ‘‘(5) The Transition Assistance Program under section 1144 of title 10. ‘‘(6) Any other program of the Department that the Secretary determines appropriate.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The tables of chapters at the beginning of title 38, United States Code, and of part V of title 38, United States Code, are each amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 79 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘80. Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration....8001’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Chapter 80 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall take effect on October 1, 2019. (c) F
ULL-TIME EMPLOYEES .—For fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the total number of full- time equivalent employees authorized for the Veterans Benefits Administration and the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration, as established under chapter 80 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), may not ex-ceed 21,543. 
SEC. lll. UNDER SECRETARY FOR VETERANS ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITY AND TRANSITION. 
(a) U NDER SECRETARY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 306 the following new section: ‘‘§ 306A. Under Secretary for Veterans Eco-nomic Opportunity and Transition ‘‘(a) U
NDER SECRETARY .—(1) There is in the Department an Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition, who is appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(2) The Under Secretary for Veterans Eco-nomic Opportunity and Transition shall be appointed without regard to political affili-ation or activity and solely on the basis of demonstrated ability in— ‘‘(A) information technology; and ‘‘(B) the administration of programs with-in the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration or programs of similar content and scope. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Under Sec-retary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition is the head of, and is directly responsible to the Secretary for the oper-ations of, the Veterans Economic Oppor-tunity and Transition Administration. ‘‘(c) V
ACANCIES .—(1) Whenever a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition occurs or is anticipated, the Secretary shall estab-lish a commission to recommend individuals to the President for appointment to the posi-tion. ‘‘(2) A commission established under this subsection shall be composed of the fol-lowing members appointed by the Secretary: ‘‘(A) Three persons representing education and training, vocational rehabilitation, em-ployment, real estate, mortgage finance and related industries, and survivor benefits ac-tivities affected by the Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration. ‘‘(B) Two persons representing veterans served by the Veterans Economic Oppor-tunity and Transition Administration. ‘‘(C) Two persons who have experience in the management of private sector benefits programs of similar content and scope to the economic opportunity and transition pro-grams of the Department. ‘‘(D) The Deputy Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. ‘‘(E) The chairman of the Veterans’ Advi-sory Committee on Education formed under section 3692 of this title. ‘‘(F) One person who has held the position of Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition, if the Secretary determines that it is desirable for such per-son to be a member of the commission. ‘‘(3)(A) A commission established under this subsection shall recommend at least three individuals for appointment to the po-sition of Under Secretary for Veterans Eco-nomic Opportunity and Transition. ‘‘(B) The commission shall submit all rec-ommendations to the Secretary. ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall forward the rec-ommendations to the President and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Sen-ate and Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives with any com-ments the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(D) After receiving recommendations under subparagraph (C), the President may request the commission to recommend addi-tional individuals for appointment. ‘‘(4) The Assistant Secretary or Deputy As-sistant Secretary of Veterans Affairs who performs personnel management and labor relations functions shall serve as the execu-tive secretary of a commission established under this subsection.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 306 the following new item: ‘‘306A. Under Secretary for Veterans Eco-nomic Opportunity and Transi-tion.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title 38, United States Code, is further amended— (1) in section 306(c)(2), by striking subpara-graphs (A) and (E) and redesignating sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D), and (F), as subpara-graphs (A) through (D), respectively; (2) in section 317(d)(2), by inserting after ‘‘Under Secretary for Benefits,’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘the Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition,’’; (3) in section 318(d)(2), by inserting after ‘‘Under Secretary for Benefits,’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘the Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition,’’; (4) in section 516(e)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘Health and the Under Secretary for Bene-fits’’ and inserting ‘‘Health, the Under Sec-retary for Benefits, and the Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition’’; (5) in section 541(a)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘Health and the Under Secretary for Bene-fits’’ and inserting ‘‘Health, the Under Sec-retary for Benefits, and the Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition’’; (6) in section 542(a)(2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘Health and the Under Secretary for Bene-fits’’ and inserting ‘‘Health, the Under Sec-retary for Benefits, and the Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition’’; (7) in section 544(a)(2)(B)(vi), by striking ‘‘Health and the Under Secretary for Bene-fits’’ and inserting ‘‘Health, the Under Sec-retary for Benefits, and the Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition’’; (8) in section 709(c)(2)(A), by inserting after ‘‘Under Secretary for Benefits,’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘the Under Secretary for Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition,’’; (9) in section 7701(a), by inserting after ‘‘assistance’’ the following: ‘‘, other than as-sistance related to Economic Opportunity and Transition,’’; and (10) in section 7703, by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respec-tively. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 306A of title 38, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), and the amendments made by this section, shall take effect on October 1, 2019. 
SA 2566. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. ll. NATIONAL SECURITY SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than February 4, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement a strategy (to be known as the ‘‘National Security Science and Tech-nology Strategy’’) to prioritize the science and technology efforts and investments of the Department of Defense. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy under sub-section (a) shall— (1) include specific goals for the science and technology programs of the Department of Defense in which personnel and resources of the Department are invested; (2) be aligned with the National Defense Strategy and governmentwide strategic science and technology priorities, including the defense budget priorities of the Office of Science and Technology Policy of the Presi-dent; (3) align the acquisition priorities, pro-grams, and timelines of the Department with the acquisition priorities, programs, and timelines of defense enterprise laboratories and services; (4) contain an assessment of high-priority emerging technology programs of the De-partment, including programs relating to hypersonics, directed energy, synthetic biol-ogy, and artificial intelligence; (5) identify high-priority research and en-gineering requirements and gaps; (6) include recommendations for changes in authorities, regulations, policies, or any other relevant areas, that would support the achievement of the goals set forth in the strategy; and (7) contain such other information as the Secretary of Defense determines to be appro-priate. (c) A
NNUAL SUBMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than February 4, 2019, and annually thereafter through De-cember 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the most recent version of the strategy developed under subsection (a). (2) F
ORM OF SUBMISSION .—Each strategy submitted under paragraph (1) shall be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 14 days after the date on which the initial strategy under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.098 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3382 June 7, 2018 
subsection (a) is completed, the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representa-tives a briefing on the implementation of the strategy. 
SA 2567. Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. G
ARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle G—Internet of Things Cybersecurity Improvement Act 
SEC. 1071. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Internet of Things (IoT) Cybersecurity Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1073. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘‘covered agency’’ means— (A) the Department of Defense; and (B) the National Security Agency. (2) C
OVERED DEVICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘covered de-vice’’— (i) means a physical object that— (I) is capable of connecting to and is in reg-ular connection with the Internet; and (II) has computer processing capabilities that can collect, send, or receive data; and (ii) does not include advanced or general- purpose computing devices, including per-sonal computing systems, smart mobile com-munications devices, programmable logic controls, and mainframe computing systems. (B) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION .—The Sec- retary shall establish a process by which— (i) interested parties may petition for a de-vice that is not described in subparagraph (A)(ii) to be considered a device that is not a covered device; and (ii) the Secretary acts upon any petition submitted under clause (i) in a timely man-ner. (3) F
IRMWARE .—The term ‘‘firmware’’ means a computer program and the data stored in hardware, typically in read-only memory (ROM) or programmable read-only memory (PROM), such that the program and data cannot be dynamically written or modi-fied during execution of the program. (4) F
IXED OR HARD -CODED CREDENTIAL .—The term ‘‘fixed or hard-coded credential’’ means a value, such as a password, token, cryp-tographic key, or other data element used as part of an authentication mechanism for granting remote access to an information system or its information, that is— (A) established by a product vendor or service provider; and (B) incapable of being modified or revoked by the user or manufacturer lawfully oper-ating the information system, except via a firmware update. (5) H
ARDWARE .—The term ‘‘hardware’’ means the physical components of an infor-mation system. (6) I
OT.—The term ‘‘IoT’’ means the Inter-net of Things. (7) NIST.—The term ‘‘NIST’’ means the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology. (8) PROPERLY AUTHENTICATED UPDATE .—The term ‘‘properly authenticated update’’ means an update, remediation, or technical fix to a hardware, firmware, or software component issued by a product vendor or service provider used to correct particular problems with the component, and that, in the case of software or firmware, contains some method of authenticity protection, such as a digital signature, so that unauthor-ized updates can be automatically detected and rejected. (9) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Defense. (10) S
ECURITY VULNERABILITY .—The term ‘‘security vulnerability’’ means any at-tribute of hardware, firmware, software, process, or procedure or combination of 2 or more of these factors that could enable or fa-cilitate the defeat or compromise of the con-fidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system or its information or physical devices to which it is connected. (11) S
OFTWARE .—The term ‘‘software’’ means a computer program and associated data that may be dynamically written or modified. 
SEC. 1074. CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES WITH RESPECT TO COVERED DE-VICE CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) S TANDARD SECURITY CLAUSE REQUIRED  
INCOVERED DEVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of General Services, the Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, and any other intelligence or national security agency that the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary, shall issue guidelines for each covered agency to require the inclu-sion of a standard security clause in any con-tract, except as provided in paragraph (2), for the acquisition of covered devices. (2) C
ONTENT OF STANDARD SECURITY  
CLAUSE .—The standard security clause re-quired under paragraph (1)— (A) shall establish baseline security re-quirements that address aspects of device se-curity, including— (i) the ability of software or firmware com-ponents to accept properly authenticated and trusted updates from the vendor; (ii) identity and access management, in-cluding prohibiting the use of fixed or hard- coded credentials used for remote adminis-tration, the delivery of updates, or commu-nication; (iii) participation in a Coordinated Vulner-ability Disclosure program in accordance with subsection (f); (iv) such other aspects as the Secretary de-termines to be appropriate; and (B) shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, reflect and align with voluntary con-sensus standards in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act; (C) shall require vendors to provide written attestation that the device meets such re-quirements as established under subpara-graph (A); (D) shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, ensure that the requirements de-scribed in subparagraph (A) are— (i) tailored to address the characteristics of different types of devices, including risk and intended function; (ii) based on technology-neutral, outcome- based security principles; (iii) developed through a transparent proc-ess that incorporates input from relevant stakeholders in industry and academia; (iv) aligned with internationally recog-nized technical standards; and (v) updated regularly based on develop-ments in technology and security meth-odologies; (E) shall identify responsibilities for ensur-ing that a covered device software or firmware component is updated or replaced, consistent with other provisions in the con-tract governing the term of support, in a manner that allows for any future security vulnerability or defect in any part of the software or firmware to be patched, based on risk, in order to fix or remove a vulner-ability or defect in the software or firmware component in a properly authenticated and secure manner; and (F) shall require the contractor to provide the purchasing agency with general informa-tion on the ability of the device to be up-dated, such as— (i) the manner in which the device receives security updates; (ii) the business terms, including any fees for ongoing security support, under which se-curity updates will be provided for a covered device; (iii) the anticipated timeline for ending se-curity support associated with the covered device; (iv) formal notification when security sup-port has ceased; and (v) other information as determined nec-essary by the Secretary. (3) WAIVER .—The Secretary may establish a process for a purchasing covered agency to waive the requirements described in para-graph (2)(A) when a contractor submits a written application for a waiver, if the proc-ess— (A) provides for waivers to be granted only in limited circumstances, including— (i) if a vendor demonstrates that a device meets a desired level of security through means other than those required under para-graph (2)(A); or (ii) if the purchasing covered agency rea-sonably believes that procurement of a cov-ered device with limited data processing and software functionality would be unfeasible or economically impractical; and (B) provides that, if the head of the pur-chasing covered agency approves a waiver, the head of the purchasing covered agency shall provide the contractor a written state-ment that the covered agency accepts risks resulting from use of the device; (4) A
LIGNMENT WITH FISMA .—In issuing the guidelines required under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of General Services, shall ensure that such guidelines are, to the greatest extent practicable, consistent with, not duplicative of, and in compliance with any applicable es-tablished information security policies, pro-cedures, standards, and compliance require-ments under chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code. (b) A
LTERNATE CONDITIONS TO MITIGATE CY-
BERSECURITY RISKS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with NIST, shall establish a set of conditions that— (A) ensure that a covered device that does not comply with the standard security clause under subsection (a) can be used with a level of security that is equivalent to the level of security described in subsection (a)(2); and (B) shall be met in order for a covered agency to purchase a covered device de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In defining a set of conditions that must be met for non-compli-ant devices as required under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in coordination with NIST and relevant industry entities, may consider the use of conditions including— (A) network segmentation or micro-seg-mentation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.098 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3383 June 7, 2018 
(B) the adoption of system level security controls, including operating system con-tainers and microservices; (C) multi-factor authentication; and (D) intelligent network solutions and edge systems, such as gateways, that can isolate, disable, or remediate connected devices. (3) S
PECIFICATION OF ADDITIONAL PRE -
CAUTIONS .—To address the long-term risk of non-compliant covered devices acquired in accordance with an exception under this paragraph, the Secretary, in coordination with NIST and private-sector industry ex-perts, may stipulate additional requirements for management and use of non-compliant devices, including deadlines for the removal, replacement, or disabling of non-compliant devices (or their Internet-connectivity), as well as minimal requirements for gateway products to ensure the integrity and security of the non-compliant devices. (4) E
XISTING THIRD -PARTY SECURITY STAND -
ARD.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If an existing voluntary consensus standard for the security of cov-ered devices provides an equivalent or great-er level of security to that described in sub-section (a)(2)(A), the Secretary shall termi-nate the requirements under subsection (a)(2)(A) and modify security clauses to re-flect conformity with that voluntary con-sensus standard. (B) W
RITTEN CERTIFICATION .—A contractor providing the covered device under this para-graph shall provide third-party written cer-tification that the device complies with the security requirements of the industry certifi-cation method of the third party. (C) NIST.—The Director of NIST, in coordi-nation with the Secretary and other appro-priate executive agencies, shall determine— (i) accreditation standards for third-party certifiers; and (ii) whether the standards described in clause (i) provide appropriate security and are aligned with the guidelines issued under this subsection. (5) E
XISTING AGENCY SECURITY EVALUATION  
STANDARDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If a covered agency em-ploys a security evaluation process or cri-teria for covered devices that the agency be-lieves provides an equivalent or greater level of security to that described in subsection (a)(2)(A), a covered agency may, upon the ap-proval of the Secretary, continue to use that process or standard in lieu of the require-ments under subsection (a)(2)(A). (B) NIST.—The Director of NIST, in co-ordination with the Secretary and other ap-propriate executive agencies, shall deter-mine whether the process or criteria de-scribed in subparagraph (A) provides appro-priate security and are aligned with the guidelines issued under this subsection. (c) R
EQUIRED GUIDELINES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator of General Services, shall issue guidelines for each covered agency to limit, to the maximum extent practicable, the use of lowest price technically accept-able source selection criteria in the case of a procurement that is predominately for the acquisition of a covered device. (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the effectiveness of the guide-lines required to be issued under subsections (a) and (c), which shall include any rec-ommendations for legislation necessary to improve cybersecurity in Federal Govern-ment acquisition of Internet-connected de-vices. (e) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—Beginning on the date that is 5 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary may waive, in whole or in part, the requirements of the guidelines issued under this section, for a covered agency. (f) GUIDELINES REGARDING THE COORDI -
NATED DISCLOSURE OF SECURITY  V
ULNERABILITIES AND DEFECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the National Protection and Programs Direc-torate, in consultation with cybersecurity researchers and private-sector industry ex-perts, shall issue guidelines for each agency with respect to any covered device in use by the United States Government regarding cy-bersecurity coordinated disclosure require-ments that shall be required of contractors providing such covered devices to the United States Government. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines required to be issued under paragraph (1) shall include policies and procedures for the processing and resolving of potential vulnerability in-formation relating to a covered device, which shall be, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, aligned with Standards 29147 and 30111 of the International Standards Organi-zation, or any successor standard, such as— (A) procedures for a contractor providing a covered device to the United States Govern-ment on how to— (i) receive information about potential vulnerabilities in the product or online serv-ice of the contractor; and (ii) disseminate resolution information about vulnerabilities in the product or on-line service of the contractor; and (B) guidance, including example content, on the information items that should be pro-duced through the implementation of the vulnerability disclosure process of the con-tractor. 
SEC. 1075. INVENTORY OF DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each covered agency shall establish and maintain an inventory of covered de-vices used by the agency procured under this subtitle. (b) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, shall issue guidelines for executive agencies to develop and manage the inventories required under subsection (a), based on the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) program used by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (c) D
EVICE DATABASES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish and maintain— (A) a database of devices and the respective manufacturers of such devices for which lim-itations of liability exist under this subtitle; and (B) a database of devices and the respective manufacturers of such devices about which the Government has received formal notifi-cation of security support ceasing, as re-quired under section 1074(a)(2)(G). (2) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall update the databases established under paragraph (1) not less frequently than once every 30 days. 
SEC. 1076. USE OF BEST PRACTICES IN IDENTI-FICATION AND TRACKING OF VULNERABILITIES FOR PURPOSES OF THE NATIONAL VULNERABILITY DATABASE. 
The Director of NIST shall ensure that NIST establishes, maintains, and uses best practices in the identification and tracking of vulnerabilities for purposes of the Na-tional Vulnerability Database of NIST. 
SA 2568. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. IMPORTANCE OF HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVER-SITIES AND MINORITY-SERVING IN-STITUTIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) historically Black colleges and univer-sities (HBCUs) and minority-serving institu-tions play a vital role in educating low-in-come and underrepresented students in areas of national need; (2) HBCUs and minority-serving institu-tions presently are collaborating with the Department of Defense in research and devel-opment efforts that contribute to the defense readiness and national security of the Na-tion; (3) by their research these institutions are helping to develop the next generation of sci-entists and engineers who will help lead the Department of Defense in addressing high- priority national security challenges; and (4) it is important to further engage HBCUs and minority-serving institutions in university research and innovation, espe-cially in prioritizing software development and cyber security by utilizing existing De-partment of Defense labs, and collaborating with existing programs that help attract candidates, including programs like the Air Force Minority Leaders Programs, which re-cruit Americans from diverse background to serve their country through service in our Nation’s military. (b) I
NCREASE .—Funds authorized to be ap-propriated in Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, Defense-wide, PE 0601228D8Z, section 4201, for Basic Research, Historically Black Colleges and Universities/ Minority Institutions, Line 006, are hereby increased by $10,000,000. (c) O
FFSET .—Funding in section 4101 for Other Procurement, Army, for Automated Data Processing Equipment, Line 112, is hereby reduced by $10,000,000. 
SA 2569. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. IMPROVING PROCESSING OF VET-ERANS BENEFITS BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION OF DEBTS INCURRED .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall make such changes to such information technology systems of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, including the eBenefits system or suc-cessor system, as may be necessary so that a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.102 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3384 June 7, 2018 
person who is entitled to a payment from the Department by virtue of the person’s partici-pation in a benefits program administered by the Secretary will receive, at the request of the person, a notice from the Department (by electronic mail or other mechanism) whenever such person incurs a debt to the United States by virtue of such participa-tion. (b) U
PDATING DEPENDENT INFORMATION .— The Secretary shall make such changes to such information technology systems of the Department, including the eBenefits system or successor system, as may be necessary so that whenever the Secretary records in such systems information about a dependent of a person, the person is able to review and re-vise such information. (c) T
RACKING OF METRICS .—The Secretary shall make such changes to such information technology systems of the Department as may be necessary to track the following: (1) The number and amount of payments made by the Department to persons as part of a benefits program administered by the Secretary which result in the persons incur-ring a debt to the United States by virtue of such payments. (2) The average debt to the United States incurred by a person by virtue of a payment described in paragraph (1). (3) The frequency by which applications for relief under section 5302(a) of title 38, United States Code, are approved and denied. (4) Such other metrics as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. lll. REFORMS RELATING TO RECOVERY BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS OF AMOUNTS OWED BY VET-ERANS TO THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NDEBTEDNESS OFFSETS .— (1) L
IMITATION ON SCOPE OF AUTHORITY .— Subsection (a) of section 5314 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘to subsections (b) and (d) of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘to paragraphs (2) through (6) of this subsection, subsections (b) and (e) of this section,’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Secretary may only deduct under paragraph (1) an amount of the indebtedness of a veteran, the estate of a veteran, or a spouse or child of a veteran who is deceased if the indebtedness is a result of one or more of the following: ‘‘(A) An error made by the veteran, estate, spouse, or child, as the case may be. ‘‘(B) Fraud perpetrated by the veteran, es-tate, spouse, or child, as the case may be. ‘‘(C) A misrepresentation made by the vet-eran, estate, spouse, or child, as the case may be. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary may not deduct under paragraph (1) from any payment made under chapter 11 or 15 of this title more than the lessor of— ‘‘(i) 25 percent; or ‘‘(ii) such other percent as the Secretary determines, pursuant to a request made under subparagraph (B), is the greatest per-cent that would not cause a hardship to the recipient of the payment. ‘‘(B) A person whose future payments are to be reduced under paragraph (1) may re-quest, via the administrative process pre-scribed under subsection (c), the Secretary make a determination under subparagraph (A)(ii) of this paragraph. ‘‘(4) The Secretary may not deduct under paragraph (1) any amount relating to an in-debtedness that was incurred by a veteran more than five years previously. ‘‘(5) The Secretary may not deduct under paragraph (1) any amount relating to an in-debtedness while the existence or amount of such indebtedness is being disputed under subsection (c). ‘‘(6) The Secretary may not deduct under paragraph (1) any amount if the Secretary determines that the cost that would be in-curred by the Department to recover such amount would exceed the amount to be re-covered.’’. (2) DUE PROCESS .— (A) M
INIMUM PERIOD FOR NOTICE AND SEC -
ONDARY REVIEW .—Subsection (b) of such sec-tion is amended— (i) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) has made reasonable efforts to notify such person of such person’s right— ‘‘(A) to dispute through prescribed admin-istrative processes the existence or amount of such indebtedness; ‘‘(B) to request a waiver of such indebted-ness under section 5302 of this title; and ‘‘(C) to request the Secretary make a de-termination under subsection (a)(3)(A)(ii).’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) has notified such person, not later than 90 days before making any of such de-ductions— ‘‘(A) about the proposed deductions; and ‘‘(B) detailed information about the in-debtedness, including, in the case of an over-payment, an itemized list of each overpay-ment and the specific reason for the overpay-ment; and ‘‘(4) in any case in which the Secretary de-termines the amount of indebtedness of a person exceeds $2,500, the Secretary com-pletes a secondary review to ensure that the determination is accurate and the indebted-ness is subject to offset under this section.’’. (B) A
DJUDICATION OF DISPUTES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Such section is amended— (I) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e); and (II) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c)(1) The Secretary shall prescribe an ad-ministrative process for— ‘‘(A) the dispute of the existence or amount of an indebtedness subject to sub-section (a); and ‘‘(B) making requests under paragraph (3)(B) of such subsection. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that each dispute under paragraph (1)(A) is adjudicated not later than 120 days after the dispute is filed. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may not submit to any debt collector (as defined in section 803 of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692a)) any debt pending adjudication under the process prescribed under para-graph (1). ‘‘(4) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit a person from seeking relief from a court of competent jurisdic-tion.’’. (ii) L
IMITATIONS ON INTEREST AND FEES  
CHARGED DURING PERIOD OF DISPUTE .—Section 5315 of such title is amended— (I) in subsection (b)(1), in the first sentence by striking ‘‘or (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B) for any period during which the existence or amount of the indebtedness is being disputed under section 5314(c) of this title, or (C)’’; and (II) in subsection (c)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The admin-istrative’’; and (bb) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) No administrative costs may be charged under this section with respect to an indebtedness described in subsection (a) while the existence or amount of the indebt-edness is being disputed under section 5314(c) of this title.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection and the amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and shall apply with respect to deductions made under section 5314 of such title on or after such date. (b) LIMITATION ON AUTHORITY TOSUETO C
OLLECT CERTAIN DEBTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5316(a) of title 38, United States, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2), (3), and (4)’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) No suit may be filed under this section to recover any indebtedness incurred more than five years previously.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection and the amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act and shall apply with respect to suits filed under section 5316 of such title on or after such date. (c) R
EPAIR OF CREDIT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 53 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 5320. Correction of erroneous information submitted to consumer reporting agencies ‘‘(a) C
ORRECTING ERRORS BY THE DEPART -
MENT .—In any case in which the Secretary finds that the Department has submitted er-roneous information to a consumer reporting agency about the indebtedness of any person who has been determined by the Secretary to be indebted to the United States by virtue of such person’s participation in a benefits pro-gram administered by the Secretary, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) instruct the consumer reporting agen-cy to remove such erroneous information from the consumer report of such person or take such other action as may be required to ensure that such erroneous information is not included in the report of such person; and ‘‘(2) transmit to the consumer reporting agency such information as the consumer re-porting agency may require to take such ap-propriate actions. ‘‘(b) C
ORRECTING ERRORS BY DEBTCOLLEC -
TORS .—In any case in which the Secretary finds that a debt collector acting on behalf of the Department has submitted erroneous in-formation to a consumer reporting agency about the indebtedness of any person who has been determined by the Secretary to be indebted to the United States by virtue of such person’s participation in a benefits pro-gram administered by the Secretary, the Secretary shall instruct the debt collector to request the consumer reporting agency re-move such erroneous information from the consumer report of such person or take such other action as may be required to ensure such erroneous information is not included in the report of such person.’’ ‘‘(c) N
OTICE .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary issues an in-struction under subsection (a)(1) or (b) with respect to a person, the Secretary shall no-tify the person that the Secretary issued such instruction. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The terms ‘consumer report’ and ‘con-sumer reporting agency’ have the meanings given such terms in section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a). ‘‘(2) The term ‘debt collector’ has the meaning given such term in section 803 of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692a).’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 53 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.103 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3385 June 7, 2018 
‘‘5320. Correction of erroneous information submitted to consumer report-ing agencies.’’. (d) A
UDIT.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall complete an audit to determine the following: (1) The frequency by which the Department of Veterans Affairs makes an error that re-sults in a payment to a person by virtue of such person’s participation in a benefits pro-gram administered by the Secretary that such person is not entitled to or in an amount that exceeds the amount to which the person is entitled. (2) Whether and to what degree vacant po-sitions in the Veterans Benefits Administra-tion affect such errors. (e) P
LAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a plan and description of re-source requirements necessary to align infor-mation technology systems to ensure that errors described in subsection (d)(1) are not the result of communication or absence of communication between information tech-nology systems. 
SA 2570. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 578. INCLUSION OF SPECIFIC ELECTRONIC MAIL ADDRESS BLOCK ON CERTIFI-CATE OF RELEASE OR DISCHARGE FROM ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) M ODIFICATION REQUIRED .—The Sec-retary of Defense shall modify the Certifi-cate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form 214) to include a specific block explicitly identified as the location in which a member of the Armed Forces may provide one or more electronic mail address-es by which the member may be contacted after discharge or release from active duty in the Armed Forces. (b) D
EADLINE FOR MODIFICATION .—The Sec- retary shall release a revised Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty, modified as required by subsection (a), not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SA 2571. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 729. EXPOSURE TO OPEN BURN PITS AND TOXIC AIRBORNE CHEMICALS AS PART OF PERIODIC HEALTH ASSESS-MENTS AND OTHER PHYSICAL EX-AMINATIONS. 
(a) P ERIODIC HEALTH ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that any periodic health assessment provided to mem-bers of the Armed Forces includes an evalua-tion of whether the member has been— (1) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit was used; or (2) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, in-cluding any information recorded as part of the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. (b) S
EPARATION HISTORY AND PHYSICAL EX-
AMINATIONS .—Section 1145(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The Secretary concerned shall ensure that each physical examination of a member under subparagraph (A) includes an assess-ment of whether the member was— ‘‘(i) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit, as defined in subsection (c) of section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note), was used; or ‘‘(ii) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, including any information recorded as part of the registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under such section 201.’’. (c) D
EPLOYMENT ASSESSMENTS .—Section 1074f(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) An assessment of whether the member was— ‘‘(i) based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit, as defined in subsection (c) of section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note), was used; or ‘‘(ii) exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, including any information recorded as part of the registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under such section 201.’’. (d) S
HARING OF INFORMATION .— (1) DOD–VA.—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly enter into a memorandum of under-standing providing for the sharing by the De-partment of Defense with the Department of Veterans Affairs of the results of covered evaluations regarding the exposure by a member of the Armed Forces to toxic air-borne chemicals. (2) R
EGISTRY .—If a covered evaluation of a member of the Armed Forces establishes that the member was based or stationed at a location where an open burn pit was used, or the member was exposed to toxic airborne chemicals, the member shall be enrolled in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry, unless the member elects to not so enroll. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to preclude eligibility for benefits under the laws admin-istered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs by reason of the open burn pit exposure his-tory of a veteran not being recorded in a cov-ered evaluation. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry’’ means the registry es-tablished by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). (2) The term ‘‘covered evaluation’’ means— (A) a periodic health assessment conducted in accordance with subsection (a); (B) a separation history and physical ex-amination conducted under section 1145(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section; and (C) a deployment assessment conducted under section 1074f(b)(2) of such title, as amended by this section. (3) The term ‘‘open burn pit’’ has the meaning given that term in section 201(c) of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). SA 2572. Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. G ARDNER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 315(g), amend paragraphs (1) and (2) to read as follows: (1) the local water authority or state re-quested such a payment from the National Guard Bureau or Air Force prior to March 1, 2018, or the National Guard Bureau or Air Force was aware of a treatment plan by the local water authority or state prior to that date; and (2) the local water authority or the State, as the case may be, waives all claims against the United States and the National Guard and the Air Force for treatment expenses in-curred before January 1, 2018. 
SA 2573. Ms. MURKOWSKI (for her-self, Mr. H
ELLER , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 316. CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
RITICAL MINERAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘critical min-eral’’ means any mineral, element, sub-stance, or material designated as critical by the Secretary under subsection (c). (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘critical min-eral’’ does not include— (i) oil, natural gas, or any other fossil fuels; or (ii) water, ice, or snow. (2) C
RITICAL MINERAL MANUFACTURING .—The term ‘‘critical mineral manufacturing’’ means— (A) the exploration, development, mining, production, processing, refining, alloying, separation, concentration, magnetic sinter-ing, melting, or beneficiation of critical min-erals within the United States; (B) the fabrication, assembly, or produc-tion, within the United States, of equipment, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.103 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3386 June 7, 2018 
components, or other goods with energy technology-, defense-, agriculture-, consumer electronics-, or health care-related applica-tions; and (C) any other value-added, manufacturing- related use of critical minerals carried out within the United States. (3) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. (5) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means— (A) a State; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; (D) Guam; (E) American Samoa; (F) the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; and (G) the United States Virgin Islands. (b) P
OLICY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3 of the National Materials and Minerals Policy, Research and Development Act of 1980 (30 U.S.C. 1602) is amended in the second sentence— (A) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) establish an analytical and forecasting capability for identifying critical mineral demand, supply, and other factors to allow informed actions to be taken to avoid supply shortages, mitigate price volatility, and pre-pare for demand growth and other market shifts;’’; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; and (C) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) facilitate the availability, develop-ment, and environmentally responsible pro-duction of domestic resources to meet na-tional material or critical mineral needs; ‘‘(8) avoid duplication of effort, prevent un-necessary paperwork, and minimize delays in the administration of applicable laws (in-cluding regulations) and the issuance of per-mits and authorizations necessary to explore for, develop, and produce critical minerals and to construct critical mineral manufac-turing facilities in accordance with applica-ble environmental and land management laws; ‘‘(9) strengthen— ‘‘(A) educational and research capabilities at the secondary and higher level; and ‘‘(B) workforce training for exploration and development of critical minerals and critical mineral manufacturing; ‘‘(10) bolster international cooperation through technology transfer, information sharing, and other means; ‘‘(11) promote the efficient production, use, and recycling of critical minerals; ‘‘(12) develop alternatives to critical min-erals; and ‘‘(13) establish contingencies for the pro-duction of, or access to, critical minerals for which viable sources do not exist within the United States.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2(b) of the National Materials and Minerals Pol-icy, Research and Development Act of 1980 (30 U.S.C. 1601(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘(b) As used in this Act, the term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act: ‘‘(1) C
RITICAL MINERAL .—The term ‘critical mineral’ means any mineral, element, sub-stance, or material designated as a critical mineral pursuant to section 316(c) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019. ‘‘(2) M
ATERIALS .—The term’’. (c) C
RITICAL MINERAL DESIGNATIONS .— (1) D
RAFT METHODOLOGY AND LIST .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of the United States Geological Survey (re-ferred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’), shall publish in the Federal Reg-ister for public comment— (A) a description of the draft methodology used to identify a draft list of critical min-erals; and (B) a draft list of minerals, elements, sub-stances, and materials that qualify as crit-ical minerals. (2) AVAILABILITY OF DATA .—If available data is insufficient to provide a quantitative basis for the methodology developed under this subsection, qualitative evidence may be used to the extent necessary. (3) F
INAL METHODOLOGY AND LIST .—After reviewing public comments on the draft methodology and the draft list of critical minerals published under paragraph (1) and updating the methodology and list as appro-priate, not later than 45 days after the date on which the public comment period with re-spect to the draft methodology and draft list closes, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register— (A) a description of the final methodology for determining which minerals, elements, substances, and materials qualify as critical minerals; and (B) the final list of critical minerals. (4) D
ESIGNATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of carrying out this section, the Secretary shall main-tain a list of minerals, elements, substances, and materials designated as critical, pursu-ant to the final methodology published under paragraph (3), that the Secretary deter-mines— (i) are essential to the economic or na-tional security of the United States; (ii) the supply chain of which is vulnerable to disruption (including restrictions associ-ated with foreign political risk, abrupt de-mand growth, military conflict, violent un-rest, anti-competitive or protectionist be-haviors, and other risks throughout the sup-ply chain); and (iii) serve an essential function in the man-ufacturing of a product (including energy technology-, defense-, currency-, agriculture- , consumer electronics-, and health care-re-lated applications), the absence of which would have significant consequences for the economic or national security of the United States. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—Notwithstanding the cri-teria under paragraph (3), the Secretary may designate and include on the list any min-eral, element, substance, or material deter-mined by another Federal agency to be stra-tegic and critical to the defense or national security of the United States. (C) R
EQUIRED CONSULTATION .—The Sec-retary shall consult with the Secretaries of Defense, Commerce, Agriculture, and Energy and the United States Trade Representative, in designating minerals, elements, sub-stances, and materials as critical under this subsection. (5) S
UBSEQUENT REVIEW .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Secretaries of Defense, Commerce, Agriculture, and Energy and the United States Trade Representative, shall review the methodology and list under para-graph (3) and the designations under para-graph (4) at least every 3 years, or more fre-quently as the Secretary considers to be ap-propriate. (B) R
EVISIONS .—Subject to paragraph (4)(A), the Secretary may— (i) revise the methodology described in this subsection; (ii) determine that minerals, elements, substances, and materials previously deter-mined to be critical minerals are no longer critical minerals; and (iii) designate additional minerals, ele-ments, substances, or materials as critical minerals. (6) NOTICE .—On finalization of the method-ology and the list under paragraph (3), or any revision to the methodology or list under paragraph (5), the Secretary shall submit to Congress written notice of the action. (d) S
ECRETARIAL ORDER NOTAFFECTED .— This section shall not apply to any mineral described in Secretarial Order No. 3324, issued by the Secretary on December 3, 2012, in any area to which the order applies. (e) R
ESOURCE ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, in consultation with applicable State (includ-ing geological surveys), local, academic, in-dustry, and other entities, the Secretary shall complete a comprehensive national as-sessment of each critical mineral that— (A) identifies and quantifies known critical mineral resources, using all available public and private information and datasets, in-cluding exploration histories; and (B) provides a quantitative and qualitative assessment of undiscovered critical mineral resources throughout the United States, in-cluding probability estimates of tonnage and grade, using all available public and private information and datasets, including explo-ration histories. (2) S
UPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sub-section, the Secretary may carry out surveys and field work (including drilling, remote sensing, geophysical surveys, topographic and geological mapping, and geochemical sampling and analysis) to supplement exist-ing information and datasets (including 3-di-mensional maps) available for determining the existence of critical minerals in the United States. (B) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—Subject to applicable law, to the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall make all data and metadata collected from a survey carried out under subparagraph (A) publically and electroni-cally accessible. (3) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—At the request of the Governor of a State or the head of an Indian tribe, the Secretary may provide technical assistance to State governments and Indian tribes conducting critical mineral resource assessments on non-Federal land. (4) P
RIORITIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may se-quence the completion of resource assess-ments for each critical mineral such that critical minerals considered to be most crit-ical under the methodology established under subsection (c) are completed first. (B) R
EPORTING .—During the period begin-ning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and ending on the date of completion of all of the assessments re-quired under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress on an annual basis an interim report that— (i) identifies the sequence and schedule for completion of the assessments if the Sec-retary sequences the assessments; or (ii) describes the progress of the assess-ments if the Secretary does not sequence the assessments. (5) U
PDATES .—The Secretary may periodi-cally update the assessments conducted under this subsection based on— (A) the generation of new information or datasets by the Federal Government; or (B) the receipt of new information or datasets from critical mineral producers, State geological surveys, academic institu-tions, trade associations, or other persons. (6) A
DDITIONAL SURVEYS .—The Secretary shall complete a resource assessment for each additional mineral, element, substance, or material subsequently designated as a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.104 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3387 June 7, 2018 
critical mineral under subsection (c)(5)(B) not later than 2 years after the designation of the mineral, element, substance, or mate-rial. (7) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the status of geological surveying of Federal land for any mineral commodity— (A) for which the United States was de-pendent on a foreign country for more than 25 percent of the United States supply, as de-picted in the report issued by the United States Geological Survey entitled ‘‘Mineral Commodity Summaries 2018’’; but (B) that is not designated as a critical min-eral under subsection (c). (f) P
ERMITTING .— (1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) critical minerals are fundamental to the economy, competitiveness, and security of the United States; (B) to the maximum extent practicable, the critical mineral needs of the United States should be satisfied by minerals re-sponsibly produced and recycled in the United States; and (C) the Federal permitting process has been identified as an impediment to mineral production and the mineral security of the United States. (2) P
ERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENTS .—To im- prove the quality and timeliness of decisions, the Secretary, shall, to the maximum extent practicable, with respect to critical mineral production on Federal land, complete Fed-eral permitting and review processes with maximum efficiency and effectiveness, while supporting vital economic growth, by— (A) establishing and adhering to timelines and schedules for the consideration of, and final decisions regarding, applications, oper-ating plans, leases, licenses, permits, and other use authorizations for mineral-related activities on Federal land; (B) establishing clear, quantifiable, and temporal permitting performance goals and tracking progress against those goals; (C) engaging in early collaboration among agencies, project sponsors, and affected stakeholders— (i) to incorporate and address the interests of those parties; and (ii) to minimize delays; (D) ensuring transparency and account-ability by using cost-effective information technology to collect and disseminate infor-mation regarding individual projects and agency performance; (E) engaging in early and active consulta-tion with State, local, and Indian tribal gov-ernments to avoid conflicts or duplication of effort, resolve concerns, and allow for con-current, rather than sequential, reviews; (F) providing demonstrable improvements in the performance of Federal permitting and review processes, including lower costs and more timely decisions; (G) expanding and institutionalizing per-mitting and review process improvements that have proven effective; (H) developing mechanisms to better com-municate priorities and resolve disputes among agencies at the national, regional, State, and local levels; and (I) developing other practices, such as preapplication procedures. (3) R
EVIEW AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port that— (A) identifies additional measures (includ-ing regulatory and legislative proposals, as appropriate) that would increase the timeli-ness of permitting activities for the explo-ration and development of domestic critical minerals; (B) identifies options (including cost recov-ery paid by permit applicants) for ensuring adequate staffing and training of Federal en-tities and personnel responsible for the con-sideration of applications, operating plans, leases, licenses, permits, and other use au-thorizations for critical mineral-related ac-tivities on Federal land; and (C) quantifies the amount of time typically required (including range derived from min-imum and maximum durations, mean, me-dian, variance, and other statistical meas-ures or representations) to complete each step (including those aspects outside the control of the executive branch, such as judi-cial review, applicant decisions, or State and local government involvement) associated with the development and processing of ap-plications, operating plans, leases, licenses, permits, and other use authorizations for critical mineral-related activities on Federal land, which shall serve as a baseline for the performance metric under paragraph (4). (4) PERFORMANCE METRIC .—Not later than 90 days after the date of submission of the report under paragraph (3), the Secretary, after providing public notice and an oppor-tunity to comment, shall develop and pub-lish a performance metric for evaluating the progress made by the executive branch to ex-pedite the permitting of activities that will increase exploration for, and development of, domestic critical minerals, while maintain-ing environmental standards. (5) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Beginning with the first budget submission by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, after publication of the performance metric required under paragraph (4), and an-nually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that— (A) summarizes the implementation of rec-ommendations, measures, and options identi-fied in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (3); (B) using the performance metric under paragraph (4), describes progress made by the executive branch, as compared to the base-line established pursuant to paragraph (3)(C), on expediting the permitting of activities that will increase exploration for, and devel-opment of, domestic critical minerals; and (C) compares the United States to other countries in terms of permitting efficiency and any other criteria relevant to the glob-ally competitive critical minerals industry. (6) I
NDIVIDUAL PROJECTS .—Using data from the Secretary generated under paragraph (5), the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall prioritize inclusion of indi-vidual critical mineral projects on the website operated by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget in accordance with section 1122 of title 31, United States Code. (7) R
EPORT OF SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA -
TION.—Not later than 1 year and 300 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration shall submit to the applicable com-mittees of Congress a report that assesses the performance of Federal agencies with re-spect to— (A) complying with chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Regulatory Flexibility Act’’), in promul-gating regulations applicable to the critical minerals industry; and (B) performing an analysis of regulations applicable to the critical minerals industry that may be outmoded, inefficient, duplica-tive, or excessively burdensome. (8) A
PPLICATION .—Section 41001(6)(A) of the FAST Act (42 U.S.C. 4370m(6)(A)) is amended in the matter preceding clause (i) by striking ‘‘manufacturing,’’ and inserting ‘‘manufac-turing (including critical mineral manufac-turing (as defined in section 316(a) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019), mining and mineral exploration,’’. (g) FEDERAL REGISTER PROCESS .— (1) D
EPARTMENTAL REVIEW .—Absent any ex-traordinary circumstance, and except as oth-erwise required by law, the Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall ensure that each Federal Register notice described in paragraph (2) shall be— (A) subject to any required reviews within the Department of the Interior or the De-partment of Agriculture; and (B) published in final form in the Federal Register not later than 45 days after the date of initial preparation of the notice. (2) P
REPARATION .—The preparation of Fed-eral Register notices required by law associ-ated with the issuance of a critical mineral exploration or mine permit shall be dele-gated to the organizational level within the agency responsible for issuing the critical mineral exploration or mine permit. (3) T
RANSMISSION .—All Federal Register notices regarding official document avail-ability, announcements of meetings, or no-tices of intent to undertake an action shall be originated in, and transmitted to the Fed-eral Register from, the office in which, as ap-plicable— (A) the documents or meetings are held; or (B) the activity is initiated. (h) R
ECYCLING , E FFICIENCY , AND ALTER -
NATIVES .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of En-ergy (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a program of re-search and development— (A) to promote the efficient production, use, and recycling of critical minerals throughout the supply chain; and (B) to develop alternatives to critical min-erals that do not occur in significant abun-dance in the United States. (2) C
OOPERATION .—In carrying out the pro-gram, the Secretary shall cooperate with ap-propriate— (A) Federal agencies and National Labora-tories; (B) critical mineral producers; (C) critical mineral processors; (D) critical mineral manufacturers; (E) trade associations; (F) academic institutions; (G) small businesses; and (H) other relevant entities or individuals. (3) A
CTIVITIES .—Under the program, the Secretary shall carry out activities that in-clude the identification and development of— (A) advanced critical mineral extraction, production, separation, alloying, or proc-essing technologies that decrease the energy consumption, environmental impact, and costs of those activities, including— (i) efficient water and wastewater manage-ment strategies; (ii) technologies and management strate-gies to control the environmental impacts of ore tailings, including ore tailings that con-tain radionuclides; and (iii) technologies for separation and proc-essing; (B) technologies or process improvements that minimize the use, or lead to more effi-cient use, of critical minerals across the full supply chain; (C) technologies, process improvements, or design optimizations that facilitate the recy-cling of critical minerals, and options for im-proving the rates of collection of products and scrap containing critical minerals from post-consumer, industrial, or other waste streams; (D) data on commercial markets, advanced storage methods, energy applications, and other beneficial uses of critical minerals processing byproducts; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.104 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3388 June 7, 2018 
(E) alternative minerals, metals, and ma-terials, particularly those available in abun-dance within the United States and not sub-ject to potential supply restrictions, that lessen the need for critical minerals; and (F) alternative energy technologies or al-ternative designs of existing energy tech-nologies, particularly those that use min-erals that— (i) occur in abundance in the United States; and (ii) are not subject to potential supply re-strictions. (4) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report summarizing the activi-ties, findings, and progress of the program. (i) A
NALYSIS AND FORECASTING .— (1) C
APABILITIES .—In order to evaluate ex-isting critical mineral policies and inform future actions that may be taken to avoid supply shortages, mitigate price volatility, and prepare for demand growth and other market shifts, the Secretary, in consultation with the Energy Information Administra-tion, academic institutions, and others in order to maximize the application of existing competencies related to developing and maintaining computer-models and similar analytical tools, shall conduct and publish the results of an annual report that in-cludes— (A) as part of the annually published Min-eral Commodity Summaries from the United States Geological Survey, a comprehensive review of critical mineral production, con-sumption, and recycling patterns, includ-ing— (i) the quantity of each critical mineral do-mestically produced during the preceding year; (ii) the quantity of each critical mineral domestically consumed during the preceding year; (iii) market price data or other price data for each critical mineral; (iv) an assessment of— (I) critical mineral requirements to meet the national security, energy, economic, in-dustrial, technological, and other needs of the United States during the preceding year; (II) the reliance of the United States on foreign sources to meet those needs during the preceding year; and (III) the implications of any supply short-ages, restrictions, or disruptions during the preceding year; (v) the quantity of each critical mineral domestically recycled during the preceding year; (vi) the market penetration during the pre-ceding year of alternatives to each critical mineral; (vii) a discussion of international trends associated with the discovery, production, consumption, use, costs of production, prices, and recycling of each critical mineral as well as the development of alternatives to critical minerals; and (viii) such other data, analyses, and eval-uations as the Secretary finds are necessary to achieve the purposes of this subsection; and (B) a comprehensive forecast, entitled the ‘‘Annual Critical Minerals Outlook’’, of pro-jected critical mineral production, consump-tion, and recycling patterns, including— (i) the quantity of each critical mineral projected to be domestically produced over the subsequent 1-year, 3-year, and 5-year pe-riods; (ii) the quantity of each critical mineral projected to be domestically consumed over the subsequent 1-year, 3-year, and 5-year pe-riods; (iii) an assessment of— (I) critical mineral requirements to meet projected national security, energy, eco-nomic, industrial, technological, and other needs of the United States; (II) the projected reliance of the United States on foreign sources to meet those needs; and (III) the projected implications of potential supply shortages, restrictions, or disrup-tions; (iv) the quantity of each critical mineral projected to be domestically recycled over the subsequent 1-year, 3-year, and 5-year pe-riods; (v) the market penetration of alternatives to each critical mineral projected to take place over the subsequent 1-year, 3-year, and 5-year periods; (vi) a discussion of reasonably foreseeable international trends associated with the dis-covery, production, consumption, use, costs of production, and recycling of each critical mineral as well as the development of alter-natives to critical minerals; and (vii) such other projections relating to each critical mineral as the Secretary deter-mines to be necessary to achieve the pur-poses of this subsection. (2) P
ROPRIETARY INFORMATION .—In pre- paring a report described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure, consistent with section 5(f) of the National Materials and Minerals Policy, Research and Development Act of 1980 (30 U.S.C. 1604(f)), that— (A) no person uses the information and data collected for the report for a purpose other than the development of or reporting of aggregate data in a manner such that the identity of the person or firm who supplied the information is not discernible and is not material to the intended uses of the informa-tion; (B) no person discloses any information or data collected for the report unless the infor-mation or data has been transformed into a statistical or aggregate form that does not allow the identification of the person or firm who supplied particular information; and (C) procedures are established to require the withholding of any information or data collected for the report if the Secretary de-termines that withholding is necessary to protect proprietary information, including any trade secrets or other confidential infor-mation. (j) E
DUCATION AND WORKFORCE .— (1) W
ORKFORCE ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 1 year and 300 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor, in consultation with the Secretary, the Di-rector of the National Science Foundation, institutions of higher education with signifi-cant expertise in mining, institutions of higher education with significant expertise in minerals research, including fundamental research into alternatives, and employers in the critical minerals sector, shall submit to Congress an assessment of the domestic availability of technically trained personnel necessary for critical mineral exploration, development, assessment, production, manu-facturing, recycling, analysis, forecasting, education, and research, including an anal-ysis of— (A) skills that are in the shortest supply as of the date of the assessment; (B) skills that are projected to be in short supply in the future; (C) the demographics of the critical min-erals industry and how the demographics will evolve under the influence of factors such as an aging workforce; (D) the effectiveness of training and edu-cation programs in addressing skills short-ages; (E) opportunities to hire locally for new and existing critical mineral activities; (F) the sufficiency of personnel within rel-evant areas of the Federal Government for achieving the policies described in section 3 of the National Materials and Minerals Pol-icy, Research and Development Act of 1980 (30 U.S.C. 1602); and (G) the potential need for new training pro-grams to have a measurable effect on the supply of trained workers in the critical minerals industry. (2) CURRICULUM STUDY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Labor (referred to in this sub-section as the ‘‘Secretaries’’) shall jointly enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences and the National Acad-emy of Engineering under which the Na-tional Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering shall coordinate with the National Science Foundation on conducting a study— (i) to design an interdisciplinary program on critical minerals that will support the critical mineral supply chain and improve the ability of the United States to increase domestic, critical mineral exploration, de-velopment, production, manufacturing, re-search, including fundamental research into alternatives, and recycling; (ii) to address undergraduate and graduate education, especially to assist in the devel-opment of graduate level programs of re-search and instruction that lead to advanced degrees with an emphasis on the critical mineral supply chain or other positions that will increase domestic, critical mineral ex-ploration, development, production, manu-facturing, research, including fundamental research into alternatives, and recycling; (iii) to develop guidelines for proposals from institutions of higher education with significant capabilities in the required dis-ciplines for activities to improve the critical mineral supply chain and advance the capac-ity of the United States to increase domes-tic, critical mineral exploration, research, development, production, manufacturing, and recycling; and (iv) to outline criteria for evaluating per-formance and recommendations for the amount of funding that will be necessary to establish and carry out the program de-scribed in paragraph (3). (B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secre-taries shall submit to Congress a description of the results of the study required under subparagraph (A). (3) P
ROGRAM .— (A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretaries shall jointly conduct a competitive grant program under which institutions of higher education may apply for and receive 4-year grants for— (i) startup costs for newly designated fac-ulty positions in integrated critical mineral education, research, innovation, training, and workforce development programs con-sistent with paragraph (2); (ii) internships, scholarships, and fellow-ships for students enrolled in programs re-lated to critical minerals; (iii) equipment necessary for integrated critical mineral innovation, training, and workforce development programs; and (iv) research of critical minerals and appli-cations of critical minerals, particularly concerning the manufacture of critical com-ponents vital to national security. (B) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this para-graph shall be renewable for not more than 2 additional 3-year terms based on perform-ance criteria outlined under paragraph (2)(A)(iv). (k) N
ATIONAL GEOLOGICAL AND GEOPHYSICAL  D
ATA PRESERVATION PROGRAM .—Section 351(k) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15908(k)) is amended by striking ‘‘$30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2006 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.104 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3389 June 7, 2018 
through 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to re-main available until expended’’. (l) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The National Critical Ma-terials Act of 1984 (30 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3(d) of the National Superconductivity and Com-petitiveness Act of 1988 (15 U.S.C. 5202(d)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘, with the assistance of the National Critical Materials Council as specified in the Na-tional Critical Materials Act of 1984 (30 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.),’’. (3) S
AVINGS CLAUSES .—Nothing in this sec-tion or an amendment made by this section modifies any requirement or authority pro-vided by— (A) the matter under the heading ‘‘
GEO-
LOGICAL SURVEY ’’ of the first section of the Act of March 3, 1879 (43 U.S.C. 31(a)); or (B) the first section of Public Law 87–626 (43 U.S.C. 31(b)). (m) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. 
SA 2574. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DETENTION OF PERSONS BY THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 1021 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is amended by striking subsections (a) through (f) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) A general authorization to use mili-tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, shall not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a person apprehended in the United States. ‘‘(b) Subsection (a) applies to an authoriza-tion to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. ‘‘(c) This section shall not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention of any person who is apprehended in the United States.’’. 
SA 2575. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , and Mr. C RAPO ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 sub-mitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be pro-posed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the following: SEC. 598. PROHIBITION ON THE REDUCTION IN THE FORCE CAPACITY OF THE MILI-TARY FUNERAL HONORS PROGRAM OF THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON REDUCTION .—No action may be taken to reduce the capacity of the Military Funeral Honors Program (MFH) of the Army National Guard if such reduction would result in a State without at least one coordinator to meet requirements and obli-gations to coordinate, perform, and facili-tate funerals for veterans. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN DISPERSAL OR  C
ONSOLIDATION OF COORDINATOR WORK-
FORCE .—No action may be taken to disperse or consolidate the workforce or responsibil-ities of coordinators described in subsection (a) across State lines. (c) P
OLICIES .—The Secretary of the Army shall, in coordination with the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, ensure that the poli-cies of the Army National Guad provide for the ongoing maintenance and presence of the Military Funeral Honors Program of the Army National Guard in each State. 
SA 2576. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. CERTAIN SERVICE DEEMED TO BE AC-TIVE MILITARY SERVICE FOR PUR-POSES OF LAWS ADMINISTERED BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 401(a)(1)(A) of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 (Public Law 95–202; 38 U.S.C. 106 note), the Secretary of Defense is deemed to have determined that qualified service of an indi-vidual constituted active military service. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF DISCHARGE STATUS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall issue an honorable discharge under sec-tion 401(a)(1)(B) of the GI Bill Improvement Act of 1977 to each person whose qualified service warrants an honorable discharge. (2) T
IMING .—A discharge under paragraph (1) shall be issued before the end of the one- year period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act. (c) P
ROHIBITION OF RETROACTIVE BENE-
FITS.—No benefits may be paid to any indi-vidual as a result of the enactment of this section for any period before the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) Q
UALIFIED SERVICE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘qualified service’’ means service of an individual as a member of the organization known as the United States Cadet Nurse Corps during the period begin-ning on July 1, 1943, and ending on December 15, 1945. 
SA 2577. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON REGULAR FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION OPER-ATIONS IN THE TAIWAN STRAIT. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States should conduct regular freedom of navigation operations in the Taiwan Strait. 
SA 2578. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. ROLE OF DEPARTMENT OF STATE RE-GARDING DESIGNATIONS AND EX-TENSIONS OF DESIGNATIONS OF TEMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The United States Embassies in Hon-duras, El Salvador, and Haiti recommended that it would be in the United States na-tional interest to extend temporary pro-tected status (TPS) designations for each such country, per diplomatic cables sent in June 2017, July 2017, and August 2017, respec-tively. (2) The United States Embassy in Haiti, in a diplomatic cable sent in August 2017, stat-ed that repatriating tens of thousands of TPS beneficiaries and their United States citizen children would pose challenges to the ability of the Haitian National Police to guarantee security throughout Haiti. (3) In his October 31, 2017, letter to the De-partment of Homeland Security, then Sec-retary of State Rex Tillerson warned that terminating the TPS designations for El Sal-vador and Honduras may lead to retaliatory actions by both governments that would be counter to United States national security interests, including a potential reduction in bilateral cooperation to address narcotics trafficking and the illicit activities of crimi-nal gangs, such as MS–13. (4) In recommendations accompanying then Secretary Tillerson’s October 31, 2017, letter to the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the Department of State warned that the prevalence of violence and lack of eco-nomic opportunities in El Salvador and Hon-duras would leave some repatriated TPS beneficiaries and their accompanying United States citizen children vulnerable to recruit-ment by criminal gangs, such as MS–13, or other forms of illicit employment. (5) The Executive announced the termi-nation of the TPS designations for El Sal-vador and Haiti in November 2017 and for Honduras in May 2018. (b) R
OLE OF DEPARTMENT OF STATE RE-
GARDING DESIGNATIONS .—Section 244(b)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(b)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘in coordination with the Secretary of State, and’’ before ‘‘after consultation with appropriate agencies of the Government’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.104 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3390 June 7, 2018 
(c) R OLE OF DEPARTMENT OF STATE RE-
GARDING EXTENSION OR TERMINATION OF DES-
IGNATIONS .—Section 244(b)(3) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(b)(3)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) re-spectively; (2) by inserting before subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(A) A
SSESSMENT OF COUNTRY CONDITIONS .— Not less than 90 days before the date on which the initial period of designation or any extended period of designation of a for-eign state (or a part of a foreign state) under this section ends, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Secretary of Homeland Security— ‘‘(i) an assessment of the conditions in the foreign state (or the part of the foreign state) based on 1 or more reports from the United States Embassy located in the for-eign state; and ‘‘(ii) a recommendation for whether such designation should be extended.’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘in coordination with the Secretary of State, and’’ before ‘‘after consultation with appropriate agen-cies of the Government’’; (4) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in coordination with the Secretary of State,’’ before ‘‘deter-mines under subparagraph (A)’’; and (5) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, in coordination with the Secretary of State,’’ before ‘‘does not determine under subparagraph (A)’’. (d) R
EPORT ON THE ROLE OF THE DEPART -
MENT STATE REGARDING DESIGNATIONS AND  E
XTENSION OR TERMINATION OF DESIGNA -
TIONS .—Section 244(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Represent-atives a report that includes the assessment and recommendation submitted to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security at the time at which— ‘‘(i) a foreign state is designated for tem-porary protected status; or ‘‘(ii) the existing designation of a foreign state for temporary protected status is ex-tended or terminated. ‘‘(B) M
ATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report under subparagraph (A) shall include assess-ments and recommendations submitted to the Secretary of State by— ‘‘(i) each relevant bureau of the Depart-ment of State; and ‘‘(ii) the United States Embassy located in the applicable foreign state.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I have 2 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 7, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a business meeting and hearing following nomina-tions: nominations of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, J. Campbell Barker, and Jeremy D. Kernodle, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Virginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Allen Cothrel Winsor, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Florida, and Patrick R. Wyrick, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Okla-homa. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 7, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a closed hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Mark Bedrin, a defense fellow in Senator M
ORAN ’s of-fice, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Matthew Starr, a fellow in Senator M
CCAIN’s of-fice, and Daniel Glickstein, a fellow at the Armed Services Committee, be given floor privileges for the remainder of the consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Allie McDon-nell, an intern in Senator S
ULLIVAN ’s office, be granted floor privileges until the end of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WALTER H. RICE FEDERAL BUILD-ING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 429, S. 2377. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2377) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2377) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2377 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. WALTER H. RICE FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. f 
GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILDING AND UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 430, S. 2734. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2734) to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2734) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2734 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. GEORGE P. KAZEN FEDERAL BUILD-ING AND UNITED STATES COURT-HOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building and United States courthouse re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘George P. Kazen Fed-eral Building and United States Court-house’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.100 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3391 June 7, 2018 
COMMENDING THE YALE UNIVER-SITY MEN’S LACROSSE TEAM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 537, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 537) commending the Yale University Men’s Lacrosse Team for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Division I Men’s Lacrosse Championship. 
There being no objection the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 537) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
COMMENDING THE WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY MEN’S LACROSSE TEAM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 538, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 538) commending the Wesleyan University Men’s Lacrosse Team for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Division III Men’s Lacrosse Championship. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 538) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 11, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, June 11; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I further ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 5515. Finally, I ask that not-withstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the vote on the motion to pro-ceed to H.R. 5515 occur at 5:30 p.m., Monday. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JUNE 11, 2018, AT 3 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 4:52 p.m., adjourned until Monday, June 11, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  
MICHAEL R. BRIGHT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE PRESIDENT, GOVERNMENT NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION, VICE THEODORE W. TOZER. 
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION  
PETER A. FELDMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE A COMMISSIONER OF THE CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF SEVEN YEARS FROM OCTOBER 27, 2019. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN C. THOMSON III THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOSEPH R. BALDWIN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. WILLIAM P. PENNINGTON 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be major 
WILLIAM P. MORSE NICHOLAS M. STRELCHUK 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
PETER R. PURRINGTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
ALEXIS N. MENDOZADEJESUS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: To be major 
CHAD K. BRINTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CHRISTOPHER K. JAMES 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JAY D. LUTZ LESTER ORTIZ DAVID W. WILHITE MARC F. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JEROME R. CAYANGYANG WASHINGTON JOHNSON II TIMOTHY J. LONEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
DONNA M. JOHNSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
KEVIN M. CORCORAN GREGORY M. EATON TROY S. PUGH MATTHEW M. WILLS SUNG H. YI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
DEBRA A. BRENDLEY ANGEL A. CARDONA AMY L. GRACZYK CYNTHIA A. JONES MICHELLE L. MARTIN GWEN E. METZ CYNTHIA M. SCHWARTZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
CHRISTOPHER C. BURRIS KEVIN B. GERRITY ERIC B. MOLLDREM DENA M. PANECALDO TIMOTHY J. STINSON PING WANG JASON L. WEISSMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
MICHAEL R. BASSO WALTER J. BOMBKA JEFFERY W. DIAL ELIZABETH A. DYKSTRA DAVID J. FABRIZIO SHARLENE S. GEE DONALD H. YAGER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
STEVEN A. BLAUSTEIN SONJA A. CARL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JAMES G. COX ALBERTO L. FERNANDEZMILO EDGAR A. GONZALEZ MIN K. KIM RICHARD A. KIRBY MICHAEL G. MAURIZI JESSICA M. MILLER MARGARET M. MOORE DAVID L. MOULTON DENNIS J. RIVET II ROBERTA L. ROTHEN MATTHEW J. SWIBER KHANG V. N. THAI JOHN P. WEI DARYL S. WONG 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G07JN6.040 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3392 June 7, 2018 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
RICHFIELD F. AGULLANA SAMUEL A. BORNINO, SR. LISA A. CLARK MICHAEL Y. DAGDAGAN BRIAN J. HAWKINS EDWARD U. HOOD ERIC A. NAGLEY ERIC L. QUARLES TAMMY L. SHIPMAN JERICHO B. TIMOG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
SARAH E. ABBOTT LINDSEY C. BUZZELL DEAN B. FARMER II THOMAS J. FLORA DAVID B. GELESZYNSKI MITCHELL P. GRANT BRIAN H. HARRINGTON SCOTT G. JOHNSON TODD M. KEITH DANIEL W. PERSON CASSIDI A. REESE WALTER A. REYNOLDS DANIEL D. ROPP JACOB P. SCHOFIELD JAMES R. STRUCK JUSTIN R. WIESEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
MATTHEW R. ARGENZIANO RICHARD K. ARLEDGE TROY D. BAILEY ROBERT D. BLANCHARD ERIC D. BREGE KATHLEEN M. CAMPBELL AARON D. COUDRAY CAROLYN J. ENGLAND CAROLE J. ETHERINGTON THOMAS P. FINLEY JAMES M. FLETCHER DANIEL L. HEMMINGER GABRIEL D. HERNANDEZ JUSTIN C. HLAVIN KYLE D. KOBOLD ANTHONY G. LARSON NICHOLAS D. LEVINE JOSHUA L. LUSK ANDREW M. LUTERAN CALEB W. MACDONALD ERIC P. MCDOUGALL CRYSTAL A. MILLER COLIN S. MONK KRISTOPHER D. NETEMEYER PETER L. NORGAARD BRIAN K. RYGLOWSKI JUSTIN J. SALVIA BARTHOLOMEW J. SIEVENPIPER DAMIAN J. SMITH KEVIN A. WHITE JAMES R. WILKINS IV CHRISTOPHER J. WING KYLE L. WOERNER MICHAEL A. WOODS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
JEANINE F. BENJAMIN EDWARD A. CARLTON MARTIN F. FAJARDO BENJAMIN W. FISCHER CHARLES R. HARMON DOUGLAS W. JONES MICHAEL J. KEPPEN NATHALIE C. KOCIS MATTHEW S. LARKIN QUINTRELL L. MCCREARY BRANDI S. MCGEHEE AARON SANCHEZ SAVANNA S. STEFFEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
CHARLES B. ABBOTT JAMES S. ACKERMAN ALLEN M. AGOR JASON M. AGOSTINELLI MELANIE K. AHLE DARIUS V. AHMADI MATTHEW P. ALLAN COLIN S. ALLEN JAMES V. ALLENBURG BENJAMIN AMDUR BENJAMIN M. ANDERSON BJORN A. ANDERSON GEOFFREY D. ANDERSON MARK K. ANDERSON HIRAM ANDREU STEPHEN T. ANDROS BRIAN S. ANTHONY WADE C. ASHLEY KURT C. ASTROTH FREDERICK ATIENZA STEPHEN K. AUGUSTYN ANDRES J. AVILES JOHN P. BABICK JOSHUA L. BACCA DANIEL A. BAILEY APRIL D. BAKKEN THEALOS C. BALLAS BRENT L. BANKS JEREMY J. BARDIN DENNIS A. BAREFOOT JEREMY D. BARNES EDWARD J. BARRY TIMOTHY K. BATTLES JONATHAN R. BAUGH JONATHAN S. BEATON KEVIN J. BEHM ALEXANDER L. BEIN SAMUEL D. BELL WILLIAM M. BENCINI MICHAEL A. BENDER CHRISTOPHER B. BENNETT DARRICK M. BERENS DIANA L. BETZ JESSICA F. BETZ CHRISTOPHER E. BLAIS CHRISTIAN W. BLASY BRIAN C. BLAYDES PATRICK E. BLIND PETER M. BORSZICH MARK S. BOVEE II TODD C. BOWERS BRANDON P. BOYCE BRADLEY M. BOYD GREGORY F. BRANT SCOTT A. BRESNAHAN TIMOTHY S. BREWER SCOTT E. BRICKNER DAMON J. BRIDGES ROBERT J. BRIGGS JEFFFREY K. BROWN, JR. MICHAEL D. BROWN MICHAEL J. BROWN RANDALL M. BROWN THOMAS J. BROWNING VALERIE K. BROZNAK KEITH R. BUCKINGHAM JUSTIN M. BUMMARA BRIAN C. BUNGAY JOSEPH C. BURGON DAVID B. BURKE ROBERT C. BURKE NICHOLAS A. BURKLE MATTHEW D. BUTT JOHN M. CADY FREDERICK B. CALALANG JESSICA E. CALDWELL CALVIN M. CAMPBELL, JR. JOSEPH L. CAMPBELL JOHN A. CAMPIGOTTO RENE R. CANO, JR. ALAN J. CARLSON DONALD J. CARTER DAVID J. CATTERALL CHRISTOPHER CAUSEE CHARLES E. CHAMBERS II PATRICK M. CHAPMAN TIMOTHY C. CHARLEBOIS TARUS D. CHATMAN MICHAEL S. CHOE RANDALL J. CLEMONS CHARLES H. CLINE ANDREW F. COATES MARK D. COCHRAN, JR. STEPHEN M. COL NICHOLAS S. COLLIER JORGE R. COLON TREVOR J. CONGER ERIC A. COOP CHARLES T. COOPER LIDA P. COOPER WILLIAM J. COOPER JAMES R. CORDONNIER JOSE B. CORTEZ EARL A. CRAWFORD FREDERICK D. CRAYTON JEFFREY J. CREIGHAN GREGORY J. CROSBY COLLIER C. CROUCH JAMES J. DALO MICHAEL S. DALRYMPLE LOUIS A. DANTONIO MATTHEW J. DATTOLI CHRISTOPHER M. DAVIS ROGER A. DAVIS ANDREW B. DEAN BRYAN R. DEAROLF DAVID L. DEATON JOHN P. DEBBINK GEORGE DEGENNARO CHRISTOPHER T. DEITZ JASON DELANEUVILLE SHANE R. DENNIS SHAUN E. DENNIS DAVID M. DESROCHERS JAMIE J. DIAZ JAMES R. J. DIEFENDERFER MATTHEW J. DILLON DUSTIN D. DINOLA JASON D. DIVITO JAMES R. DOBBS ANDREW L. DOMINA MEGAN M. DONNELLY JOHN T. DONOHUE THOMAS J. DORAN JONATHAN D. DORSEY KELLY J. DOSSENBACK SEAN R. DOUGHERTY PAUL S. DUENAS JOHN J. DUES, JR. STEPHEN A. DURAN STEVEN A. DYKSTRA VICTOR EBERLE STEPHEN P. ECKHART JUSTIN P. ECKHOFF ROBERT L. EDMONSON III DAVID F. EDWARDS GREGORY W. EDWARDS LLOYD R. EDWARDS BRIAN J. EHRHARDT SETH R. EISENMENGER MICHAEL E. EK JAMES M. ELMORE II KIRK D. EMANUELSEN II GREGORY B. ENZINGER JAMIE M. EPPS SETH J. ERVIN HENRY P. ESHENOUR RICHARD C. EYTEL BRAD A. FANCHER JONATHAN D. FARLEY JEREMIAH W. FARWELL CHRISTINE FELICE ERIK S. FIGUEROA JEFFRY S. FINDLAY SPENCER M. FISHMAN WAYNE T. FITTS NEIL B. FLETCHER JOSEPH A. FONTENOT LARRY R. FORD, JR. SHANNYN W. FOWLER SHANE M. FOX JOSEPH W. FRANKS ROBERT J. FRANTZ KURT N. FREDLAND JAMIE L. FRENCH SCOTT B. FRENCH ROGER L. FRINGER MICHAEL L. FRISBY II JAMES E. FULKS CHARLES C. GALLAGHER III RAYMOND H. GAMBEL, JR. JEFFREY S. GAMMON, JR. DAVID A. GARRETT JOHN K. GARRETT FRANCISCO X. GARZA NOMER I. GATCHALIAN JONATHAN T. GIBSON ROBERT B. GILLENWATER ROBERT J. GILLIS, JR. ANN K. GILSON MICHELLE A. GIRE SEAN T. GLARNER PENNY L. GLOVER MICHAEL C. GRAHAM SHEMEYA L. GRANT CHRISTOPHER J. GREEN CULLEN M. GREENFIELD ANDREW J. GREENLEES GREGORY A. GRUBBS JOSEPH GUNTA NICHOLAS E. GURLEY CHRISTOPHER M. GZYBOWSKI DAVID M. HAFEMAN KEVIN R. HAGAN JAMES C. HAGERTY DAVID Y. HAILE JAMES M. HALL KRISTEN M. HANSEN JOHN D. HARKINS STEPHEN C. HARRINGTON JACK A. HARRISON III BRYAN P. HART BENJAMIN R. HARTMAN MATTHEW G. HAYS NEAL D. HEATON JOEL D. HEFFENTRAGER ANDREAS R. HELCHINGER MICHAEL J. HELLARD MICHAEL HENDERSON BENJAMIN B. HENDRICKS EDMUND D. HENRY PHILLIP C. HERNDL FREDERICK G. HETTLING SAMUEL HIGGINBOTHAM JERRY C. HIGGINS JOHN P. HILTZ GREGORY A. HINKLE RYAN L. HINZ KYLE W. HISCOCK MATTHEW L. HOBERT JUSTIN J. HOFF NICHOLAS G. HOFFMAN CHRISTOPHER D. HOLLAND JAMES F. HOPP JAMES H. HORA JOHN B. HORN JOHN P. HOUSTON ADAM HOWELL WILLIAM J. HOWEY III SCOTT C. HUDSON CLAYTON J. HUGHEY LEWIS S. IM BARCLAY C. IMLE ANDREW M. IMPERATORE JAMES J. IRRGANG, JR. KATIE JACOBSON KELVIN E. JAMES JASON G. JEANPIERRE AMEIAN JEREMIAH RICHARD JIMENEZ, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.002 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3393 June 7, 2018 
DEREK N. JOHNSON DEVINE JOHNSON BRETT L. JONES RUSSELL W. JONES SCOTT A. JONES TIMOTHY B. JONES JEFFERY A. KAHN VINCENT A. KAHNKE JOSEPH T. KARAFFA THERESA L. KAYLOR ERICK M. KEARNS MICHAEL L. KENDEL CHRISTI N. KENNEDY JUSTIN J. KENNEDY MARCUS A. KEPHART MICHAEL W. KESSLER JOHN A. KIRSCHKE III MICHAEL S. KISER JASON D. KNOX THOMAS G. KOLWICZ, JR. MICHAEL J. KOS KEVIN A. KRAEMER DOUGLAS R. KRAMER DANIEL J. KRAUSE JOSHUA D. KRISTENSON PHILLIP R. KRITES MARK K. KROZEL STEVEN H. KUKLA DANIEL W. LANDI JONATHAN W. LANG PETER D. LANGLEY MICHAEL M. LANZILLO CHARLES A. LARWOOD III TROY R. LAWSON ANDREW B. LEATHERWOOD ERIC V. LEONHARDI PETER E. LESACA JEFFREY J. LESSARD MATTHEW D. LETCHER KRISTEN N. LEVASSEUR GREGORY E. LEVEQUE MICHAEL A. LILLEBERG HUGO M. LIMA PHILIPP A. LINES CARL S. LIPTAK LACY N. LODMELL JONATHAN E. LONG CHRISTOPHER J. LONGABAUGH KEVIN P. LUCAS NICHOLAS J. LUNSFORD CODY C. LUTKE MICHAEL R. LYLE STEVEN A. MACGILLIS ERIC J. MADONIA NICHOLAS C. MADREN RYAN E. MAGEE DAVID D. MAHONEY PAUL J. MAHONEY DAWN T. MAKOWSKY KYLE P. MALONE LAWRENCE D. MALONE JOHNPAUL S. MANTONE KEISHA N. MARABLE HECTOR MARIN RYAN J. MARKEY MICHAEL R. MARKS ANDREW J. MASCOTTI THOMAS J. MASHUDA JOHN K. MASTRIANI JOHN R. MATEIKAT ADAM M. MATTHEWS JASON A. MAYS DUSTIN R. MCCALLISTER THOMAS D. MCCANDLESS IV BARRY N. MCCONNELL MATTHEW A. MCCORMICK JOSHUA Q. MCCRIGHT CHRISTOPHER G. MCCURRY JAMEEL MCDANIEL KYLE O. MCDANIEL MICHAEL R. MCDONALD JOSEPH L. MCGETTIGAN MICHAEL S. MCGUIRE RICHARD P. MCINNIS DAVID J. MCLAUGHLIN MICHAEL P. MCLAUGHLIN ALEXANDER M. MCMAHON MICHAEL T. MCMAHON GILLIAN L. MEDINA JOHN W. MEISE WILLIAM T. MIANTE CHRISTOPHER M. MILLER RYAN P. MILLER SCOTT T. MILLER COLLEEN M. MINIHAN BRADLEY M. MONGER COLLEEN E. MOORE FRANK J. MORALES JESSICA L. MORERA JASON P. MORTIMER MATTHEW A. MRAVLJA THOMAS J. MURRAY III KRISTOPHER J. NASTRO ROBERT J. NEFF BENJAMIN E. NEHRKE JASON A. NELSON JONATHAN P. NELSON BRIAN J. NEWGREN MATTHEW R. NEWMAN THANH T. NGUYEN, JR. DAVID A. NICHOLS KEITH S. NIELSEN SHELBY M. NIKITIN ERIK A. NYHEIM JOSHUA D. OAKES KRISTEL A. OCANAS TOD F. OCONNELL NATHANIEL I. OKELLY STACEY L. ONEAL BRENDAN ONEILL FRANK J. ORSINO CARLOS A. OTERO JUSTIN R. OTT DAVID R. OWENS JONATHAN D. PADGETT GREG A. PAGE STEVEN C. PARENTE JEREMY J. PARM ISAAC M. PELT GARY L. PEMBLETON JOHN H. PERRY JEREMIAH N. PETERSEN MICHAEL W. PFEIFFER JONATHAN P. PHILLIPS MATTHEW D. W. PHILLIPS CHRISTOPHER L. POLNASZEK ANTHONY J. POLO ERIC M. PONSART MATTHEW B. POWELL JAMES R. POWERS, JR. MATTHEW G. PRATT RICHARD J. PRESCOTT NICHOLAS R. PRICE JON B. QUIMBY ALEX S. RAFAL JOSHUA N. RAGADIO DOUGLAS E. RAINEAULT ROBERT RAMIREZ III RICHARD A. RASCO JENNA K. RAUNIG JOHN R. REINER BRIAN G. REIZISS FERNANDO R. REYES CHRISTIAN P. RICHER MICHAEL T. RICKETTS LOGAN T. RIDLEY KEVIN F. RILEY ERIK S. ROBERTS JEFFREY R. ROBERTS, JR. ROBERT RODRIGUEZ TIMOTHY E. ROGERS SUMNER J. ROLLINGS, JR. MATTHEW B. ROY FRANK C. SANCHEZ PHILLIP J. SAUTTER MICHAEL A. SAYLOR CRYSTAL L. SCHAEFER KEVIN M. SCHAEFFER JONATHAN P. SCHERMERHORN NATHAN R. SCHNAIBLE BRENNA L. SCHNARS BRADLEY V. SCHOULTZ GORDON M. SCHRIVER KRISTOPHER J. SCHULTE JOSHUA D. SEAMOUNT MARCUS H. SEEGER BRETT R. SEELEY CHRISTOPHER M. SEGUINE ERNIQUE L. SESLER TIMOTHY F. SHANLEY PHILLIP J. SHERIDAN KEVIN K. SHIKUMA MICHAEL M. SHORT MICHAEL S. SILVER RODRIGO B. SIMOES RICHARD B. SLADE LESLIE A. SLOOTMAKER JOHN C. SMITH KELLIE J. SMITH MICHAEL R. SMITH NICKLAUS G. SMITH PHILIP D. SOSEBEE DONALD E. SPEIGHTS CHARLES C. SPIVEY III JAMES M. STACHURA NATHAN D. STAFF MATTHEW G. STARR JAMES B. STAUFFER MICHAEL T. STEFFENS ANNE C. STEHLIN DANIEL R. STOCK KRISTINA M. STONER ANTHONY G. STRANGES SCOTT A. STRATMAN JARED J. STROUT AARON M. STUTZMAN JAMES SULLEN, JR. JEFFREY R. SWEITZER KEITH J. TATE PATRICK E. TEMBREULL JARED B. THOMAS DAVID A. TICKLE TODD M. TRAGO TIN T. TRAN CHRISTOPHER P. TURMEL ERIC D. TURNER JOSEPH S. TURNER KEITH T. TURNER SHAUN S. TURNER STEPHEN M. VALERIO DAVID A. VANKAMPEN JAMES S. VANNEST ROBERT W. VILLANUEVA ANDREW J. VINCENT DAVID R. VOGELGESANG MATTHEW P. VOSS JACOB N. VRBAS TIMOTHY P. WALSH JASON O. WALTERS BRET A. WALTHER CHARLES E. WALTMAN II TRAVIS E. WANDELL JEREMY L. WATKINS JEREMY M. WEATHERS JEFFREY M. WEBB MICHAEL R. WEBB GERALD V. WEERS MICHAEL J. WELGAN SCOTT E. WELLES JAMES V. WELSCH III JAMES M. WENDLER CHRISTOPHER A. WERBER ELIOT A. WESTON SAMUEL WHEELER ALFONZA O. WHITE THOMAS W. WHITE CHRISTOPHER K. WHITEHOUSE JASON D. WHITEMAN LUKE R. WHITMORE ROBERT W. WHITMORE BRETT A. WHORLEY HENRY J. WICKS BRETT M. WILLIAMS THOMAS W. WILLIAMS ANTHONY M. WILSON DANIEL M. WILTFANG DAVID L. WILTSHIRE MICHAEL L. WINDHAM ERIC WINN JOSHUA P. WOLF BRYAN T. WOLFE CHRISTOPHER W. WOLFF TRAVIS L. WOOD BRANDEN K. WOODS ANDREW J. WOOLLEY DUSTIN R. WORLEY MICHAEL D. WORRELL EVAN P. WRIGHT MARVIN L. WYNN II WESLEY W. YANCEY ADAM D. YATES CRISTOBAL YERA DAVID C. YOON KEITH D. YULL ADAM I. ZAKER AMANDA H. ZAWORA STEVEN ZIELECHOWSKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
HASAN ABDULMUTAKALLIM DANNY R. BOUIE ROBERT B. CONNER JAMES E. DELOSSANTOS ANTHONY E. DOBSON JOHN E. FALLON JACOB P. GALBREATH CRAIG M. GILKEY JOSEPH A. HOUSER BLAKE W. LAFEVER DALE R. LISKEY AARON M. MASSEY JIMMIE L. NELSON SEAN M. NELSON NATHAN A. WALKER STANLEY C. WARE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
BRADLEY H. ABRAMOWITZ DON E. BARBER, JR. ESTHER E. BRADLEY BRIAN C. BROADWELL BRIAN D. CUMMINGS DAMIEN A. DODGE JOSEPH E. DUCHESNEAU CRAIG A. FOWLER ERIC K. GRAEWERT BRANDY L. GROSSI RYAN N. HAAG JAMES L. HAMMERSLA III DUSTIN M. JOHNS MATTHEW L. LINDSAY LABRISHA A. MASON JOSEPH A. MAXWELL JONATHAN C. MCCARTER GARY A. MCCONAGHY, JR. DAVID C. PEREZ KURT L. PODRAZIK DANIEL A. REDDEG, JR. SHAWN D. TEASLEY JOHN L. TOMAR ERIC A. WEISS JAMES M. WILLIS JENNIE H. G. WOOD CORNELL A. WOODS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
FRANCIS J. CARMODY III MATTHEW S. CUSHANICK ERIC L. DALEY MICHAEL J. HARRIS JENNIFER J. LANDRY MATTHEW W. MCKENZIE BRIAN D. MCKEON DOUGLAS W. PEARMAN JAMES A. SCIANNA PAMELA A. TELLADO ALLISON B. TERRAY MATTHEW N. WATTS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.003 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3394 June 7, 2018 
To be commander 
LUCAS G. BARLOW CHRISTOPHER S. BERNOTAVICIUS GAVIN H. CLOUGH JEREMY D. CRESTETTO RYAN F. GUARD NATALIA C. HENRIQUEZ JADA E. JOHNSON RANDALL D. JONES JOHN E. KRUSE III JONATHAN D. LOHN PETER A. MALLORY, JR. RICHARD L. MCKNIGHT II DAVID H. MILLNER ANDREW C. OCONNOR WILLIAM J. PARISH CHAD J. STUEWE JESSICA SWANSON GEDION T. TEKLEGIORGIS DANIEL G. UPP BENJAMIN F. VISGER CHRISTOPHER L. WALLACE CHRISTINA J. WONG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
KATHARINE M. CEREZO ZACHARY F. HARRELL COURTNEY L. HILLSON HAYLEY C. SIMS JOE M. VASQUEZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
KEVIN J. ALTEMARA MARTIN J. ARA PETER T. BEUTTENMULLER TRAVIS Z. BODE JAY E. BOYLES ALAN M. BRECHBILL DANIEL E. BROWN RUSSELL D. CHAPMAN JOHN C. COPELAND ALEXI N. CUCA BART M. DANGELO ANDREW C. DAVIS MATTHEW P. DOMINGOS DALE C. DURLACH ADRIAN A. DY LYNDON D. EASTON NATHAN A. FEEZOR JASON M. FLOOD JAMES G. GABRIEL ANDREW M. GADBOIS MIMI H. GAFFNEY JOHANN A. GUZMAN BERTHEA G. HAMPTONGAINES JOHN D. HEAVRIN DANIEL A. HOLLENDONER DANIEL J. HONEBEIN BRIAN J. JOHNSON CHARLES K. JONES NICHOLAS G. KALKAS HAK J. KIM DANIEL L. KWIATKOWSKI MELISSA A. MACLIN MELISSA S. MECCA RUDOLFO M. MUNOZ TERRANCE P. MURPHY WALTER PAULI ROBERTO R. PEREZ JEFFREY P. PRAGER JASON T. RITCHIE JEFFREY M. ROARK MATEO E. ROBERTACCIO DAVID N. SAVERY JUSTIN L. SCARBROUGH OBIE I. SHABAZZ JOHN W. STOLZE III JEREMY J. WAGNER CHAD R. WEDEL JEFFREY P. WILLHITE JACOB E. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be commander 
PATRICK A. BATISTE DAVID E. BYRNE MARK K. CORBLISS CHRISTOPHER E. CRAVEN SCOTT B. CROLY KENT L. DAVIS RICHARD DIAZ MATTHEW J. FINNERAN BRENT W. FULTON EDWARD E. GOSLEE SHAMAR D. GRAY ALBERT GUAJARDO OMAR A. HAIR ZACHARY D. HARRY TODD R. HASTINGS BRIAN C. HELLMANN KEVIN D. KITCHIN MICHAEL J. KLAUER DAVID J. KRUG BRYAN J. KUPYAR GERARD P. LETOILE, JR. LANCE R. LINDLEY TRACY L. MACKEY RONALD W. MCCALLISTER JON A. MILLER JOHN C. MORRIS JEFFREY A. MOTICHKA TROY L. NAATUS TIMOTHY M. PRATT GREGORY B. PRICE MICHAEL A. PRINCE MARK W. REID ERIC P. RION JAIME I. ROMAN MANUEL SANCHEZ CHAD E. SANER DEAN S. SCHOENROCK JOHN A. STAHLEY II REYNALDO A. STANLEY, JR. DAVID S. SWEET LARRY E. TARVER MICHAEL A. WOODCOCK ROBERT J. WRENN IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JONATHAN M. PICKUP 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate June 7, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
KENNETH L. MARCUS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR CIVIL RIGHTS, DEPARTMENT OF EDU-CATION. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on June 7, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
CHARLES E. COOK III, OF MARYLAND, TO BE CHIEF FI-NANCIAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY, VICE CHARLES H. FULGHUM, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON FEBRUARY 5, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:12 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A07JN6.005 S07JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE789 June 7, 2018 
110TH ANNIVERSARY OF FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I take this time to congratulate First Baptist Church of Gary, Indiana, as the congregation joins to-gether in celebration of the church’s 110th an-niversary. First Baptist’s leaders and members will be commemorating this milestone with a communal ‘‘Unity Circle’’ around the church and celebration on Sunday, June 10, 2018. The theme for this beautiful event is ‘‘Glori-fying God for 110 years of Faithfulness.’’ In 1908, the African American community recognized the need for a Baptist church in Gary, Indiana. Three individuals, Raymond Rankins, Samuel Duncan, and Samuel Clay, called upon Dr. Elijah John Fisher, pastor of Olivet Baptist Church in Chicago, for support in making this dream a reality. Through their hard work and determination, First Baptist emerged in Gary, with the first services being held in the home of Mr. Rankins. Soon after, participation in the church began to increase, and the first house of worship was constructed at 1617 Washington Street in Gary. After var-ious reconstructions and relocations, First Baptist finally settled in its current location at 626 West 21st Avenue in 1955, under the leadership of the Reverend Dr. Robert E. Penn, who served as pastor for more than twenty years. Reverend Penn’s legacy con-tinues to resonate as a shining example of selfless service and unwavering commitment to the community. Throughout the years, nu-merous senior pastors have made remarkable contributions to the First Baptist Church of Gary, as well as to the community of North-west Indiana, and they are worthy of our deepest appreciation. Currently, the senior pastor of First Baptist is Pastor Timothy F. Brown. Pastor Brown has initiated new pro-grams aimed at improving not only the church but the community as well, and his efforts are worthy of the highest praise. From its modest beginnings, First Baptist Church has emerged as a pillar of the Gary community. Although First Baptist, the oldest African American congregation in the City of Gary, has seen immense growth, not only in the size of its congregation but also in the depth of the services and programs available to its members, the clergy and congregation have remained dedicated to the fundamental ideal of serving God by serving each other. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring and congratulating church members Mary Bacon, Herman Borders, Gwendolyn Buggs, Tillman Buggs, Columbus Chambers Jr., Mae Fossett, and Michael J. Houston, each of whom has reached their 50th year of membership with the church this year. I also ask that you join me in recognizing 2018 col-lege and high school graduates 2nd Lt. Adam Franklin Collins, Sidney Puckett, Melody Walk-er, Victoria Bacon, Ashley Conerly, Destiny R. Harris, Caleb J. Hiller, Blake Dupre Reasoner, and Rashawn Seels, while congratulating Pas-tor Timothy F. Brown and all church leaders and members of First Baptist Church of Gary on the special occasion of its 110th anniver-sary. Throughout the years, the clergy and congregation of First Baptist Church have dedicated themselves to providing spirituality and guidance through their service to their community. 
f 
HONORING JOHN WILLIAM ROBROCK 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John William Robrock for his life-long dedication to art education and congratu-late him on his well-deserved retirement. Mr. Robrock began his teaching career in 1979 and has taught in California, South Dakota, and Wyoming. He has spent the last eighteen years in my district at San Benito High School. Throughout his career, Mr. Robrock inspired countless young students to explore their cre-ative abilities and pursue their artistic goals. With his support and guidance, Mr. Robrock’s students have earned thousands of dollars in scholarships as well as trips to Washington, D.C. and Japan to present their work. Since 1989, his students have partici-pated in the Congressional District Art Com-petition, five of which won first place awards and displayed their artwork at the U.S. Capitol. This year I was honored to award first place in the Congressional Art Competition for Con-gressional District 20 to one of his students. Mr. Robrock has a great ability to inspire and motivate his students in their artistic en-deavors. Mr. Robrock has maintained a life-long commitment to artistic explorations in a wide variety of mediums. This is apparent in his dedication to the art of comic books, and he has even traveled internationally to spread the appreciation of this art form. Moreover, Mr. Robrock maintains a deep love of classical music and opera, and was even willing to stand-in last minute for the University of Wyo-ming’s marching band. As a teacher, Mr. Robrock has coached students in performing arts who went on to win statewide theater competitions. He has also designed parade floats in the Pasadena Doo Dah Parade and banners for the San Benito Writers Group in the Saddle Horse Association of San Benito parade. Mr. Robrock has dedicated his life to the proliferation of the arts. His four decades of teaching countless college and high school students—both inside and outside my dis-trict—are a testament to his dedication to en-suring younger generations appreciate all art has to offer. His awards, both personal and those of his students, are too numerous to list in full. It is the tireless dedication of art con-noisseurs and instructors like Mr. Robrock that ensure our country continues to rightfully treasure the arts. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to add my name to the recognition of John Robrock’s ac-complishments and passion for the arts. I wish him the best in his retirement and future en-deavors and encourage all of my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating and ap-preciating Mr. Robrock’s four decades of pub-lic service. f 
RECOGNIZING THE HONOR FLIGHT OF CENTRAL OREGON VETERANS 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize the two World War II veterans and twen-ty-three Korean War veterans from Oregon who are visiting their memorials on the Na-tional Mall on Friday, June 8, 2018, through Honor Flight of Central Oregon. Every time I have the chance to meet one of these heroes, I am reminded of the poignant words of Gen-eral Dwight D. Eisenhower. In a message to Allied troops just before D-Day, he said, ‘‘The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people every-where march with you.’’ He was right then, of course, Mr. Speaker. But over seventy years later, liberty-loving people everywhere continue to owe these he-roes for their extraordinary service and their incredible stories of sacrifice and bravery on behalf of our country. That’s why it is my privi-lege to include their names in the R
ECORD . The veterans on this Honor Flight from Or-egon are as follows: Bill Apgar, Air Force; Bill Jensen, Air Force; Donald Tuter, Air Force; Jim Roppe, Air Force; John Giles, Air Force; Robert Huntington Sr., Air Force; Robert Wolverton Sr., Air Force; Larry Rose, Air Force; Alexander McKenzie, Army; Denny Kane, Army; Fred Hasenoehrl, Army; Jack Donnelly, Army; Lanny Jones, Army; Lester Davis, Army; Michael Craig, Army; Neil Chase, Army; Paul Knox, Army; Ray Davis, Army; Wallace Smith, Army; Arthur Egren Jr., Marine Corps; John Meyer, Marine Corps; Frankie Bowne, Navy; Jim Prentice, Navy; Leonard Zierlin, Navy; and Paul LaFrance, Navy. These twenty-five heroes join over 200,000 veterans who have been honored through the Honor Flight Network of volunteers nationwide since 2005. I would also like to recognize the ten guard-ians traveling on this trip who have also served our country: Fred Beebee, Air Force; Mike Woods, Air Force; Russell Tuter, Air Force; Christine Gittins, Army; Dennis Dorsett, Army; Lee Thorsell, Army; Dane Prevatt, Ma-rine Corps; Duane Wolf, Marine Corps; Clint McAuliffe, Navy; and Jeff Mackey, Navy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.001 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE790 June 7, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, at the height of the Civil War in 1863, President Abraham Lincoln wrote, ‘‘Honor to the Soldier, and Sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country’s cause.’’ Each of us in this chamber and in this nation should be humbled by the courage of these brave veterans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a nation, we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude owed to them for their honor, commitment, and sacrifice in defense of the freedoms we have today. My colleagues, please join me in thanking these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Central Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. 
f 
THE ASTRODOME: THE EIGHTH WONDER OF THE WORLD AND NOW A TEXAS STATE HISTOR-ICAL MARKER 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as the Houston Astros lead their division, Houstonians can’t help but look forward to an-other exciting season of Astros baseball. As the home of the reigning champions, the peo-ple of Houston have a lot to be proud of, and a lot to remember. Today Astros games are played in the beautiful Minute Maid Ballpark, however many of us old timers remember watching the team’s first game in the Astrodome in 1965. There was simply nothing else like the Dome. The players would stand in centerfield and try to hit balls straight up to see if they could hit the roof. It was a marvel for both the players and fans. It was the world’s first domed sta-dium, the only stadium in sports to offer luxury suites, and—since everything is bigger in Texas—the largest dome on Earth. Home to the Houston Astros for three dec-ades, the stadium has seen thousands of peo-ple from all over our country. But Mr. Speaker, baseball fans were not the only ones making their way through the iconic Dome’s doors. Elvis Presley performed seven times in the stadium, the Battle of the Sexes tennis match was played here, and the world famous Hous-ton Livestock Show and Radio was held in the Dome for many years. Though the Dome has seen its fair share of cowboys, movie stars, and baseball players, perhaps its greatest mo-ment was when it was transformed into a home for over 60,000 refugees fleeing the de-struction of Katrina. The Astrodome is not an abandoned base-ball stadium; it is a part of Houston and Texas history. Nicknamed the Eighth wonder of the world, the Dome is a landmark loved by all Houstonians. Just recently it received its fitting designation as a Texas Historic Landmark. Though it has gone its many years without of-ficial recognition, the Astrodome has always been admired by those Houstonians and Tex-ans who know its history. Now, the Astrodome takes its proper place in Texas history as an official Texas Historic Landmark. And that’s just the way it is. HONORING ANGEL ANDERSON HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Angel Anderson and her store, The SpiceSuite, on becoming the 2018 District of Columbia Small Business of the Year. This distinction is awarded as part of our 21st annual District of Columbia Small Busi-ness Fair, which we are holding today at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center. This year, we are proud to honor Angel and The SpiceSuite, a store located at 6902 4th Street NW, Washington, D.C. 20012 where customers can customize spice blends and find unique products like coconut vanilla in-fused honey and blueberry sugar. Angel opened The SpiceSuite just two years ago as the manifestation of a dream she did not know she had, and has since cultivated it into a community staple. A D.C. native, Angel grad-uated from Banneker High School, and went on to earn both her bachelor’s and master’s degrees in psychology from Howard Univer-sity. After completing her studies, she worked in education for nine years, focusing mainly on underserved communities. Angel began her teaching career at the District’s Oak Hill Youth Center, eventually moving on to be a coun-selor and later an assistant principal at the Cesar Chavez Public Charter School. The SpiceSuite is an extension of Angel’s passion for community service. She operates the store as an avenue to promote other women-owned small businesses by sharing its space with these businesses to launch and sell their products. She has offered this oppor-tunity to over 200 small businesses to date, at no cost to them. Angel continues to employ the various platforms at her disposal to en-gage the public and advocate for the under-served. Our fair highlights the importance of small businesses to the District’s economy. It pro-vides critical information, counseling and re-sources to aspiring and current D.C. small business owners. Small businesses are a cru-cial lifeline in our local economy, and the Dis-trict thrives because of the expanding success of small businesses throughout the District. We thank the Washington Convention Center for hosting us again this year; the workshop experts who are providing valuable information and assistance to small businesses; and, of course, all of the small business participants. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in congratulating Angel An-derson, as well as in celebrating small busi-nesses across the District. In the District and in districts around the country, small busi-nesses continue to make indispensable con-tributions to our economies and communities. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED POLIS 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for the vote on passage of H.R. 8 (Roll Call No. 238). Had I been present, I would have voted Yes on final passage. This bill is the result of a strong bipartisan process, and includes multiple projects bene-ficial to Colorado. f 
HONORING GORDON L. ‘‘BOX’’ BOCHER 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service, scholarship, and con-tributions of Maj. Gordon L. ‘‘Box’’ Bocher, United States Air Force, retired. Specifically, I’d like to recognize his recent essay based upon his experiences during the Vietnam War. A resident of New Jersey, Maj. Gordon L. ‘‘Box’’ Bocher served in the United States Air Force from January of 1968 until June of 1980. From February of 1972 until February of 1973, Gordon. served in the 16th Special Op-erations Squadron as a Fire Control Officer (FCO) assigned to fly the AC–130A Gunship. During that year, he flew over 170 combat sor-ties. He was in-theatre when the armistice was signed in Paris on January 27, 1973. While compiling research for his book and doing speaking tours, Gordon found a great deal of misinformation regarding the last year of the Vietnam War. He felt compelled to tell his story through an informative essay detailing his experiences. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey are tremendously honored to have Maj. Gordon L. ‘‘Box’’ Bocher, Ret. as a dedicated member of our community. It is because of his honorable service to our nation, his dedication to his community, and his work to honor the memory of all who served alongside with him, that I rise to recognize his scholarly contributions before the United State House of Representa-tives. 
f 
EMBRACING AUTISM 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, transitioning into adulthood from high school to college can be a difficult time for anyone. Bal-ancing things such as what classes to take for your major, meeting new people, and finding time to study can be overwhelming. Now imagine doing all of those things while having autism. Shaelynn ‘‘Shae’’ Castle was initially diag-nosed with attention-deficit/hyperactivity dis-order in elementary school. It wasn’t until mid-dle school when she was properly diagnosed with autism. Shae struggled socially and aca-demically, but with the support of her family and the Humble ISD Mosaic Program, she worked hard to learn the skills to advocate for herself. The Mosaic Program helps people with dis-abilities from ages 18 to 21 transition from high school to become more independent adults. While attending Mosaic, students have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.003 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE791 June 7, 2018 
the option of participating in programs at Lone Star College-Kingwood. They are taught about the disability services that are available and the accommodations to support them in class. With guidance, these students have the option to be successful college students. At the age of 23, Shae graduated from Lone Star College-Kingwood on May 12 of this year with an associate’s degree in education. She has big plans for her future. She does not let her diagnosis limit or define her. Shae utilizes the advocacy skills she learned to help stu-dents at Whispering Pines Elementary School, where she works as a tutor for special needs students. She intends on paying it forward by becoming a math teacher who helps special needs students like herself. When asked why she wants to be a special needs teacher, Shae replied ‘‘My experiences help me to help other children who are struggling. I can say to them, ‘I know what you’re going through.’ ’’ Despite a large obstacle, Shae has em-braced her uniqueness and always finds a way to accomplish her goals. She has the strength and willingness to overcome, and that is a quality that not all people possess. Con-gratulations, Shae, on all that you have ac-complished and the best of luck with con-quering the professional world. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the Chamber on Tues-day, June 5, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call votes 231, 232, and 233. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ROB WIDMER 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to congratulate Rob Widmer, who will retire this month after more than twenty-two years of service to Heartland Com-munity College in Bloomington-Normal. Rob has been in higher education for over forty years—half of which he spent with Heart-land. He joined the college in 1996, serving as the vice president of business services until 2013, when he began his role as Heartland’s third president. I can attest that he has been a great advocate for community colleges and technical education. During his time there, Heartland expanded into one of Central Illinois’ primary institutions for workforce development and is now among the state’s most renowned community col-leges. This week, the newly-revitalized quad at Heartland’s campus will be dedicated as the Rob Widmer Quad, in recognition of Rob’s service to the school. While he plans to travel and spend time with his four sons and ten grandchildren, I know Rob will continue serving the Bloomington- Normal community with his time and talents. Congratulations, Rob, and best wishes on this new chapter of life. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO MARTHA PEEK UPON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Martha Lyon Peek upon her retirement as the Superintendent of the Mobile County Public School System. Martha Peek, a native of Bayou La Batre, Alabama, has worked in the Mobile County School System for over forty years. Through-out her four decades, she has served as a teacher, principal, assistant superintendent, and deputy superintendent. Notably, she was the first female superintendent to serve in the 180-year history of the Mobile County Public School System. Her career in education follows behind a line of her family members who have been continuously serving in the Mobile County School System since 1908. She represents the third generation in her family to work in education, and her career carried on an impor-tant family tradition. Martha Peek was formally named Super-intendent in July 2012 after serving as Deputy Superintendent since 2008. Prior to that, she was Assistant Superintendent for Academic Affairs, Executive Director of School Improve-ment and Accountability, and Principal at Dixon Elementary School. Her career in edu-cation started in 1972 as an elementary teach-er at Alba School before she went on to work at Fonvielle Elementary School and Brookley Elementary School. During her tenure, Martha Peek oversaw the largest school system in the State of Alabama with over 56,000 students. She successfully changed the perception of Mobile schools, im-proved test scores, and increased the gradua-tion rate. She should also take great pride in the strides she made in establishing signature academies to help connect students with the skills they need to thrive in the local work-force. Beyond her work in the school system, she is an involved community and civic member. She serves as a board member for the United Way of Southwest Alabama and Junior Achievement of Mobile and as a representa-tive on the American Heart Association’s Na-tional Superintendent Roundtable. Additionally, she is a member of the Leadership Alabama Class XXVI. In 2015, AL.com recognized her as one of the Women Who Shape the State of Alabama. On behalf of Alabama’s First Congressional District and the countless students she im-pacted throughout her remarkable career, I wish Martha Peek, and her husband, Tyler, all the best upon her retirement. Her legacy will live on in the Mobile County Public School System for years to come. 2018 HUMAN TRAFFICKING RESEARCH CONFERENCE HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when the Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan sailed westward past South America, he was struck by the serenity of the waters that lay before him. He then proclaimed this body of water Pacı´fico, meaning ‘‘peaceful.’’ This Pacific Ocean was thus a fitting back-drop for a meeting of a group of people at-tempting to bring peace into the lives of those affected by human trafficking. Last month, the Human Trafficking Radar Research and Data Roundtable hosted their annual Human Trafficking Research Con-ference. Overlooking the Pacific Ocean from their venue in Point Loma, California, individ-uals committed to ending human trafficking gathered to discuss and share important re-search and ideas. The featured speakers of the conference in-cluded accomplished academics and profes-sionals, leaders in their fields to combat human trafficking. Two of the speakers, how-ever, delivered a strong message by their mere presence together at the conference. Ebony Jones suffered sexual abuse as a young girl. Soon after her eighteenth birthday, she found herself a victim of modern day slav-ery. Since escaping her trafficker, she has be-come a strong advocate for victims of human trafficking. Motivated by her own personal ex-perience, Jones has worked to spread her message, people outside of low-income back-grounds are not immune to exploitation by traffickers. Armand King once spent time behind bars for his life of crime, trafficking young women. But now, he’s left his former life behind him. Armand is co-founder of Paving Great Fu-tures, an organization that strives to drive at- risk individuals from a life of crime to opportu-nities of legitimate, respectable professions. King says he was lucky to be alive, and he relishes the opportunity to provide a unique and important perspective on human traf-ficking at the conference. Together, near the very spot where the first Europeans landed in California several hun-dred years ago, Armand and Ebony urged the conference to pursue a new beginning: a world without human trafficking. Mr. Speaker, America needs more individ-uals like Ebony Jones and Armand King com-ing together to discuss ways in which we can reduce or eliminate human trafficking alto-gether. This scourge on humanity traumatizes the lives of thousands of people around the world, and their perspectives and support are a valuable asset as we continue the fight against this heinous crime. Above all, Armand and Ebony strive to bring to the world what Magellan saw in those se-rene waters all those years ago: peace. And that’s just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.005 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE792 June 7, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RUBEN GALLEGO 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and not present for one roll call vote on Wednesday, June 6, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted in the fol-lowing manner: Roll Call Vote No. 237—Motion to Recom-mit with Instructions—Water Resources Devel-opment Act of 2018—YES. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MARCY RAWITSCHER 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Marcy Rawitscher, who will retire this spring after teaching for 28 years at Souhegan High School in Amherst, New Hampshire. Marcy is a resident of Amherst, and is a dis-tinguished graduate of both Middlebury Col-lege and Harvard University. Marcy has served as a mentor and inspiration for count-less students during her years at Souhegan High School. Through Marcy’s leadership, she founded the Eastern Studies elective program and the World Studies Program for Souhegan 11th grade students. Marcy was once even a contestant on ‘‘Who Wants to be a Millionaire’’ television program during Teachers’ Week. On behalf of my constituents in New Hamp-shire’s Second Congressional District, I thank Marcy for her many years of service and being a part of what makes the Granite State’s pub-lic schools so special. Her legacy of teaching will continue through the countless students she has inspired. I am honored to recognize and congratulate Marcy on her retirement and wish her the best of luck in the years ahead. 
f 
S. 2155, THE ECONOMIC GROWTH, REGULATORY RELIEF, AND CON-SUMER PROTECTION ACT 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to S. 2155 because it will under-mine critical safeguards that protect con-sumers, communities, and the country from another financial crisis. In the wake of the fi-nancial crisis of 2008, Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act, comprehensive legisla-tion aimed at curbing the risky behavior of big banks and predatory lenders. Many commu-nities in Oregon and around the country are still recovering from the Great Recession, and we should not roll back the regulatory safe-guards that are allowing our economy to re-bound. As a former consumer protection attorney, I am deeply troubled by the data breaches that have affected people across the country. Just last year, the credit-reporting agency Equifax allowed the sensitive information of 148 million Americans to be exposed in a data breach. In-dividuals were urged to enroll in free credit monitoring, and to consider placing a freeze on their credit. Instead of providing further pro-tections to the millions of people who were af-fected, this bill will harm them by preempting state credit freeze laws. We should be strengthening consumer rights, not weakening them. The bill also undermines the Home Mort-gage Disclosure Act (HMDA), which requires lenders to report on key data regarding home- mortgage lending in underserved communities. In 2015, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau finalized a rule that requires lenders provide detailed HMDA data about their loan practices to better understand the gaps in ac-cess to credit that exist. This bill expands the existing reporting requirement exemption for certain financial institutions, and would exempt nearly 5,400 banks from reporting that data. As long as underserved communities continue to struggle to access home loans, we should continue to collect the data necessary to shed light on the gaps in accessibility. S. 2155 does include certain provisions to help consumers, including a provision making it easier for financial professionals to identify and report instances of financial fraud against seniors, and a provision to require the Social Security Administration to combat identity fraud. The bill also provides much-needed reg-ulatory relief to our credit unions and commu-nity banks. These institutions were not engag-ing in the risky and speculative behavior that led to the recession, and they have always served an important role in our cities and towns. The bill also provides tools for commu-nity banks and credit unions to work with cus-tomers who are victims of data breaches. Al-though I support these commonsense reforms, the bill ultimately will undermine consumer protections, not bolster them. I urge my col-leagues to oppose the legislation. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE KERN RIVER VAL-LEY HEALTHCARE DISTRICT 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th Anniversary of the Kern River Valley Healthcare District. Nestled in the rolling hills of the southern Si-erra Nevada mountain range in Kern County, California, the Kern River Valley Healthcare District was established in 1967 to serve the towns of Kernville, Lake Isabella, Wofford Heights, and many other communities that call the Kern River Valley home. Over the years, the District has grown with the community it serves, providing care for an area that once numbered in the thousands to now playing an integral role in a community with a population now in the tens of thousands. The Kern Valley Hospital forms the core of the District’s services. Recognized as a small rural hospital, Kern Valley Hospital offers both inpatient and outpatient services, capable of hosting up to 27 patients in its Acute Care Unit at a time. The hospital also has a robust skilled nursing program, offering classes, ac-tivities, and 24-hour care for up to 74 patients. To keep at the forefront of a rapidly-devel-oping field, the hospital has recently begun of-fering telemedicine to provide its patients the best treatment at the greatest convenience. The work accomplished in the District would not be possible without the assistance of the Hospital Foundation and Auxiliary, which was established shortly after the hospital’s incep-tion in 1968. The Pink Ladies and Blue Guys of the Auxiliary help make the work of the Dis-trict possible, investing countless volunteer hours as companions to hospital residents, as behind-the-counter volunteers at the hospital gift shop and the Lake Isabella Thrift Store, and as community fundraisers so that the hos-pital can purchase new equipment to better provide for the community it serves. These men and women view each other more as family than colleagues, united not out of obli-gation, but out of a genuine love of the hos-pital, its mission, and the Kern River Valley community. Since 2004, the Auxiliary has raised nearly $2 million for the Kern Valley Hospital, helping and saving countless lives. I would like to thank District Board Chair-man David Derr, along with Board Members Kathryn Knight, John Blythe, Barbara Casas, and Charlie Busch, as well as the doctors, nurses, staff, and volunteers that have made the Kern River Valley Healthcare District the cornerstone of the community that it is today. The success and local support enjoyed by the District is a testament to its key role in the community, and I look forward to seeing the District continue to serve the Kern River Valley for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join with me to celebrate 50 years of service on behalf of the Kern River Valley Healthcare District and to wish the District another 50 years of continued success. f 
KINGWOOD PARK BASEBALL— STATE BOUND 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Kingwood Park Panthers are heading to the Texas UIL State 5A Baseball Championship for the first time in program history. It was a resounding game 3 win over Tomball Memo-rial this past weekend in College Station that sealed the Region III Championship. They will head to Dell Diamond Stadium in Round Rock, Texas to face off the V.R. Eaton Eagles this Thursday. Coach Bruce Cox came to Kingwood Park 5 years ago talking about playing at the Dell Di-amond. He has had faith in his community since day one and has pushed the team to play like every game is a championship game. Coach Cox started out this season by inten-tionally scheduling five games against 6A schools ranked in the top 25 in the state. 12 of the 15 out-of-district games were against 6A teams. Coach Cox knew that the Panthers would quickly learn to handle the competition, and it certainly paid off. The Panthers have played this entire season with heart, grit, and respect for the game. Kingwood Park senior Bryson Jackson has signed to play both football and baseball for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.007 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE793 June 7, 2018 
Texas Christian University. Jackson had the chance to enroll early and start practicing with the football team in Fort Worth, but instead decided to stay to help the Panthers make his-tory. It was Bryson Jackson that hit a three- run home run against Tomball Memorial that clinched the team’s trip to State. It’s been a tough season for the Panthers with many tough opponents. One of the tough-er games was against Santa Fe High School; just over 24 hours after 10 lives were lost at Santa Fe High School. The Kingwood Park Panthers stepped off the bus wearing ‘‘Santa Fe Strong’’ warm-up shirts. After the game, the Panthers presented the shirts to the Santa Fe players after every player hugged the en-tire team. It was an emotional game that meant so much more than baseball. One of the Panthers, Jason Rendon, said ‘‘We played the strongest team in Texas, and now we play for them.’’ No matter what the outcome of this week-end might be, these boys have shown true class and have represented the Kingwood community well. So this weekend, head to the Dell Diamond and support the Kingwood Park Panthers as they fight for the State Champion-ship title. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING COMMUNITY CHAMPION GRACE BEAL 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize a young lady from my congressional district, 16-year-old Grace Beal. Grace is the daughter of David and Corri Beal and the older sister of Eliza and Lucy Beal. Grace is a Sophomore in High School but has proven herself to be wise beyond her years and honorable in every sense of the word. In 2009, when Grace was just 7 years old, her youngest sister Lucy died of a congenital heart disease. The loss of 11-month-old Lucy was an absolute tragedy that devastated the entire Beal family and led to a painful mourn-ing period. However, in the midst of grief, Grace developed a sincere desire to honor Lucy’s memory and make a difference for those who will unfortunately experience similar circumstances. When Grace reflects on Lucy’s journey she is reminded of the hardships but also recalls the kindness and compassion her family re-ceived from the Children’s Hospital of Pitts-burgh (CHP). Even after all of these years, Grace is quick to praise the Children’s Hos-pital of Pittsburgh and applaud their unwaver-ing dedication to patients and families in need of support. Therefore, beginning in fourth grade, Grace decided to express her apprecia-tion by organizing a book drive which resulted in a donation of 600 books to the Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh Library. The following year, while in fifth grade, Grace came up with the fundraising idea ‘‘Laps for Lucy’’ through her swim team, which raised over $3,400 for Child Life at the Children’s Hospital of Pitts-burgh. Grace continued to create new initia-tives and once again, in sixth grade, she hosted ‘‘Lovies for Lucy’’ by collecting over 150 blankets for the Children’s Home of Pitts-burgh, another facility that played an influential role in Lucy’s journey. By seventh grade, Grace created ‘‘Layups for Lucy’’ which initially began as a 3-on-3 basketball tournament but has developed into much more. Now an annual event, Layups for Lucy has raised over $70,000 and continues to evolve and prosper each year. Grace was invigorated by raising money and helping oth-ers, which led to her decision to create a Layups for Lucy fund and become a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Grace is quick to at-tribute the success of the event to the involve-ment of her friends and family, Neshannock High School students and staff, and members of the New Castle community who have been actively involved and extremely generous. In addition to her philanthropic involvement, Grace is a member of her high school volleyball and basketball teams, she serves as a student government representative, partici-pates in various academic clubs and has been selected to National Honor Society. Grace’s community involvement and exceptional vol-unteerism have caught the attention of many and inevitably led to several prestigious hon-ors. Grace was a 2018 Distinguished Finalist for the Prudential Spirt of Community Award, a 2016 Jefferson Award finalist for the Most Outstanding Volunteer of the Year, the recipi-ent of the Lancer Pride and Promise Award and she qualified to receive the prestigious President’s Volunteer Service Award. In sum, Grace displayed resilience in the face of adversity. She turned her pain into passion and created a commitment to helping others. Grace has demonstrated outstanding civic and charitable responsibility and has thrived as a leader, encouraging others to get involved and give back. Although she has al-ready accomplished so much, Grace has no plans to slow down now. Grace is energized by helping others and she will continue to strive for greatness and uplift those in need, however necessary. In serving her community, the Children’s Hospital of Pittsburgh, and the memory of her sister Lucy, Grace is an absolute inspiration. Her compassion and generosity have posi-tively influenced the lives of many and will continue to do so for years to come. There-fore, on behalf of the Third Congressional Dis-trict of Pennsylvania, I would like to express sincere gratitude and appreciation to Grace Beal, an admirable young lady, a selfless indi-vidual, and a true Community Champion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAT VOLKMAR 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Pat Volkmar, a middle school teacher in Great Falls, whose passion for education takes his students beyond the classroom and into the business world. Through support from the Great Falls com-munity, Pat Volkmar launched and advises Grizz Biz, a program that provides students with opportunities to learn valuable skills, op-erate a business, and earn a paycheck. Middle school students, young men and women from 12 to 14 years old, run every as-pect of Grizz Biz, including hiring, production, marketing, management, and accounting. Stu-dents develop important trade skills, including woodworking, engraving, and ceramics. Those wishing to join Grizz Biz must pre-pare and submit resumes as well as interview with their peers. The program provides the next generation with experience they will carry with them into their future careers and endeavors. They de-velop entrepreneurial and leadership skills as well as confidence for opportunities beyond the classroom. Grizz Biz will build on its success at North Middle School by expanding to East Middle School next school year. Pat Volkmar is the driving force behind it all. For his commitment to create a unique, val-uable education experience and the countless hours he spends inspiring young Montanans, I recognize Pat Volkmar for representing the spirit of Montana. f 
HONORING COLONEL PHILLIP J. DEPPERT 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Colonel Phillip J. Deppert for his 28 years of military service and congratulate him on his retirement. COL Deppert assumed command of the Defense Language Institute Foreign Language Center (DLIFLC) in Mon-terey, California in 2015 and has served this post and our community with distinction. COL Deppert’s accomplished career is an inspira-tion, and I am honored to recognize his serv-ice to our country and our community on the central coast of California. COL Deppert entered active duty in 1990 with the 82d Airborne Division in Fort Bragg, North Carolina. In 1994, he transferred to the Military Intelligence Corps and served in the Republic of Korea as a Battalion Intelligence Officer and in the United States (1995–1998) as the Group Military Intelligence Detachment Commander and Group Senior Intelligence Of-ficer. During this time, COL Deppert took part in numerous Special Operations assignments where he supported the Geographic Combat-ant Commanders’ worldwide contingency plan-ning tasks. COL Deppert then completed Command and General Staff College and served as the chief, Division Analysis and Control Element, and Military Intelligence Battalion Operations Officer for the U.S. Army’s 25th Infantry Divi-sion (2003–2005). During this time, COL Deppert served in Afghanistan during Oper-ation Enduring Freedom. He was then trans-ferred to U.S. Special Operations Command Headquarters where he served as the Special Operations Branch Chief and as the first Di-rector of Intelligence for the U.S. Special Op-erations Command Interagency Task Force. COL Deppert then became the U.S. Army’s 4th Infantry Division Senior Intelligence Officer when he served in Iraq during Operations Iraqi Freedom and New Dawn. After an assignment as the Deputy Mission manager in Mexico, COL Deppert earned a Master of Arts Degree in National Security and Strategic Studies from the U.S. Naval War College. COL Deppert then served as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.007 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE794 June 7, 2018 
Chief of Staff and the Deputy Commander of Joint Task Force North before coming to the Monterey Bay and assuming command of DLIFLC. During his tenure at DLIFLC, COL Deppert was diligent in strengthening relation-ships between the Army and the community stakeholders that surround DLIFLC. COL Deppert has inspired those around him, in-cluding his wife and family, who have stead-fastly supported his service in our nation’s armed forces. COL Deppert and his family embody the principle of selfless service to a higher calling, and set an example for us all. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating COL Deppert on his well-earned retire-ment and thanking him for his many years of dedicated service to our country. My district is fortunate to have had the Deppert family work-ing and residing in the Monterey Bay area, and I am delighted that they will remain on the Central Coast after COL Deppert’s retirement. 
f 
KINGWOOD HIGH SCHOOL—NEXT GENERATION OF LIFESAVERS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this past year, the Houston area suffered a historic hur-ricane. My Congressional district was ham-mered by this flood. Hurricane Harvey left tre-mendous destruction in its wake. Kingwood High School was destroyed. But, the good folks at Humble Independent School District immediately went to work and the students re-turned to their newly renovated school this past spring. The people of Texas are a resil-ient bunch. The entire community pulled to-gether, determined to put the school back to-gether. There have been countless donations given by very generous folks in the Kingwood community. Now with the help of Memorial Hermann Northeast Hospital, Kingwood High School is one step closer to normalcy. After learning that Kingwood High School had lost their CPR Training Kits due to flood-ing, Memorial Hermann Northeast Hospital do-nated two CPR in Schools Training Kits. The donation was an extension of the Memorial Hermann Northeast sponsorship of the 2018 Greater Lake Houston Heart Walk. The CPR in Schools Training Kit was cre-ated by the American Heart Association. About 90 percent of people who suffer out-of- hospital cardiac arrests die. CPR can double a person’s chance of survival, especially if performed immediately. It is the hope that the distribution of such kits to schools can help improve survival rates from sudden cardiac ar-rest through the coordination of proper CPR training. This curriculum is taught to both mid-dle schools and high schools across the coun-try. The American Heart Association is helping prepare more students, teachers, and families to save lives with the CPR in Schools Cur-riculum Training Kit. The kits are designed specifically for educational environments and can be facilitated by anyone. Each kit contains everything required to train 10 to 20 students in CPR in just under 30 minutes. Kingwood High School nursing staff and the Student Council organizes the training. Sen-iors were given two opportunities to take CPR training before graduation. Thanks to Memorial Herman, Kingwood High School was able to train over 380 seniors using the two CPR in Schools Kits. Because of Memorial Hermann Northeast Hospital, those 380 seniors have been given this lifesaving skill that was not as easily avail-able to them before. These training kits will be used for years to come, training the next gen-eration of lifesavers. And that’s just the way it is. f 
LETTERS OF SUPPORT FOR H.R. 1026—NORTH COUNTRY NATIONAL SCENIC TRAIL ROUTE ADJUST-MENT ACT 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful the House recently passed H.R.1026, the North Country National Scenic Trail Route Adjust-ment Act under suspension of the rules by voice vote. My office received a number of let-ters in support of H.R. 1026 I am including. in the R
ECORD . Specifically, we received letters from the North Country Trail Association, the American Hiking Society, and the Partnership for the Na-tional Trails System. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to timely action in the U.S. Senate to ensure enactment of this bipartisan, commonsense measure before the end of the 115th Congress. 
PARTNERSHIP FOR THE  N
ATIONAL TRAILS SYSTEM , Madison, WI, June 1, 2018. Re H.R. 1026. D
EARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : We urge your support for the passage of H.R. 1026, the North Country National Scenic Trail Route Adjustment Act, which is scheduled for a floor vote in the House on June 5th. We ask this on behalf of: Local communities in northeastern Min-nesota and Vermont directly affected by this bill, in order that they enjoy the many eco-nomic, recreational and quality of life bene-fits through this designation of a National Scenic Trail passing through their commu-nities. The North Country Trail community—now representing over 50,000 hikers, trail builders and trail maintainers—who have worked tirelessly for over 15 years to finally see this legislation passed. The hundreds of thousands of American families who use the North Country National Scenic Trail to enjoy the many health, rec-reational, and family values benefits of hik-ing on a National Trail, and being connected with others who call America’s northern heartlands home. The millions of Americans who annually are refreshed, invigorated, educated, and in-spired thru their journeys on our 30 National Scenic and Historic Trails throughout Amer-ica. This simple bill corrects an oversight per-petuated in the original 1980 authorization of the North Country National Scenic Trail, ad-justs its authorized mileage to the more ac-curate number and saves money by replacing the far more costly original route in Min-nesota that required traversing wetlands with world class trail that is mostly already constructed. In honor of this 50th Anniversary Year of the National Trails System our community of trail makers and trail users requests your support of H.R. 1026 to fully realize the pub-lic benefit envisioned by Congress for the North Country National Scenic Trail. We hope we can count on you. Sincerely, GARYWERNER , Executive Director. 
AMERICAN HIKING SOCIETY , Silver Spring, MD, June 5, 2018. Re American Hiking Society Urges Support of H.R. 1026. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : As we celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the National Trails Sys-tem Act and work to realize the completion and connection of our National Trails Sys-tem, American Hiking Society strongly sup-ports the passage of H.R. 1026, the North Country National Scenic Trail Route Adjust-ment Act. This bill seeks to fully realize the original vision for the North Country Na-tional Scenic Trail (NCNST) by rerouting the trail between Jay Cooke State Park and Chippewa National Forest in Minnesota and extending the trail from its current end in Crown Point, New York, to connect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail in Vermont. H.R. 1026 is enthusiastically supported by the national hiking community at large and especially by the trail’s surrounding commu-nities and townships. The legislation is also supported by the entire Minnesota congres-sional delegation. This trail provides a ‘‘close to home’’ park for millions of Ameri-cans and offers low-cost recreational oppor-tunities for families, children, the elderly, and others. It’s completion and connection to similar trails would greatly enhance these opportunities and fulfill Congress’s vision for this trail when it first authorized it. The economic impact of this trail and the improved economic activity it would gen-erate if completed and connected with other highly trafficked trails would be significant. According to the Outdoor Industry Associa-tion, trails in America accounted for $201 bil-lion in annual spending in 2017 and were re-sponsible for 1.7 million jobs. Much of this spending takes place in small communities along each of the trails, communities for which this income is substantial, meaning-ful, and will remain local. Many of the jobs trails create can’t be exported offshore: guides and outfitters, hotel staff and restauranteurs, and numerous others di-rectly benefit the community in which they reside. In response to some concerns raised about an expansion of the federal footprint, AHS notes that, in a cost estimate prepared by the CBO, the CBO stated; ‘‘ongoing costs to develop, manage, and maintain the added property would be negligible.’’ How often can Congress approve a project where the brunt of the hard work is taken on by volunteers? And where the volunteers themselves along with nonprofit partners fund raise to support those efforts? These trails are more than just an eco-nomic engine. Since our nation’s founding, the outdoors have been a distinctive part of our American heritage and trails such as the NCNST are integral to that. Whether it’s a family out for a hike on a nearby trail or as the returning veteran walking off the war, Americans continue to seek places for out-door recreation, a connection to nature, and healthy exercise. Thanks to Congress, just such a place exists in the NCNST. Now we ask Congress to finish what was begun fifty years ago, allow the volunteers to get to doing what they do so well, and at long last begin the completion of one of America’s greatest National Scenic Trails. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JN8.010 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE795 June 7, 2018 
Please contact Tyler Ray, Director of Pol-icy and Advocacy with any questions or for additional information. Sincerely, T
YLER RAY, Director of Policy and Advocacy. 
NORTH COUNTRY TRAIL ASSOCIATION , Lowell, MI, May 31, 2018. RE H.R. 1026. D
EARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : We urge your support for the passage of H.R. 1026, the North Country National Scenic Trail Route Adjustment Act, which is scheduled for a floor vote in the House on June 5th. We ask this on behalf of: Local communities in northeastern Min-nesota and Vermont directly affected by this bill, in order that they enjoy the many eco-nomic, recreational and quality of life bene-fits through this designation of a National Scenic Trail passing through their commu-nities. The North Country Trail community—now representing over 50,000 hikers, trail builders and trail maintainers—who have worked tirelessly for over 15 years to finally see this legislation passed. The hundreds of thousands of American families who use the North Country National Scenic Trail to enjoy the many health, rec-reational and family values benefits of hik-ing on a National Trail, and being connected with others who call America’s northern heartlands home. This simple bill corrects an oversight per-petuated in the original 1980 authorization of the North Country National Scenic Trail, ad-justs its authorized mileage to the more ac-curate number and in fact saves money by replacing the far more costly original route in Minnesota that required traversing wet-lands with world class trail that is mostly already constructed. Using a proven approach based on a public/ private partnership that leverages the public benefit with both sweat equity and private funding, our community needs your support of H.R. 1026 to fully realize the public benefit envisioned by Congress for the North Coun-try National Scenic Trail. We hope we can count on you. Sincerely, A
NDREA KETCHMARK , Executive Director. f 
FALLEN WARRIORS MEMORIAL GALLERY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on the wall in my offices in Washington and Texas, hang pictures, faces, of fallen Texas warriors. These pictures remind all those who visit that free-dom comes with a price. One man in south-eastern Texas is commemorating the memory of these brave men and women in a unique way. Ken Pridgeon has a deep respect for the military. He served ten years in the Air Force as an electronics technician, until retiring from the military with a profound appreciation for the sacrifices made by our men and women in uniform. During his time in the service, he developed his talents as an artist, transforming Sepia tone family pictures into color photos during deployments for his brothers-in-arms. During a time when he was stationed in Florida, he was even lucky enough to take an art class run by American legend Norman Rockwall. His artistic abilities led to him taking a job as a billboard artist in the Houston area after his retirement from the Air Force. Suspended 65 feet above the road, Ken painted advertise-ments on roadside billboards for decades. It was perilous work, but Pridgeon became a master of his profession. Ken’s high esteem for America’s servicemen never left him and eventually inspired him to pursue a new project that would combine this respect with his artistic side. Compelled to commemorate the sacrifice of fallen U.S. members of the military in Iraq and Afghani-stan, he began to paint portraits of Texans who gave their lives in defense of our country in those conflicts. What started as merely a side project turned into a full-time calling, as Ken began expand-ing his collection to servicemen outside of Texas. To date, he has painted 200 portraits of fallen American warriors. He donates a print of each portrait to the family of the portrayed, and he tries to consult them in creating each piece so that he can add personal touches to the painting. Ken often spends up to fourteen hours a day painting, beginning before the crack of dawn and ending well after sundown. Ken began displaying these portraits in a gallery in Baytown, Texas, his hometown. Re-cently, he relocated his works to the newly opened Fallen Warriors Memorial gallery on Cutten Road in Houston. These portraits com-plement the nearby Fallen Warriors Memorial, and now visitors can come face to face with some of the fallen servicemen honored by the memorial in Ken’s gallery. Mr. Speaker, General George Patton once said, ‘‘While we mourn the loss of such men, we should thank God that such men ever lived.’’ Ken Pridgeon’s paintings provide a fit-ting tribute to our country’s fallen warriors, a rare breed of Americans. And that’s just the way it is. f 
IN HONOR OF COMMAND SER-GEANT MAJOR MATTHEW T. BRADY 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the service of my personal hero, my brother, Command Sergeant Major Matthew Thomas Brady. Over thirty-five years ago, Matt began his military career when he enlisted in the U.S. Army National Guard. After completing his basic training at Fort Dix in New Jersey, Matt continued to expand his skill set with Combat Engineer Training at Fort Leonard Wood in Missouri and Combat Medic Training at Fort Sam Houston in the great state of Texas. While serving in the National Guard, Matt earned his Bachelor’s Degree, and upon his graduation, he began his active-duty military service in the U.S. Army. Always willing to go where there was a need, Matt’s service has taken him across the United States and around the world, from postings in Colorado and Alaska to South Korea and Germany. Matt has served with valor and distinction in multiple conflicts, including Operation Desert Shield, Operation Desert Storm, and Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom. Matt’s distinguished service has not gone unrecognized. He has earned countless awards and honors, including the Legion of Merit with two oak leaf clusters, the Bronze Star with an oak leaf cluster, the Army Com-mendation Medal with three oak leaf clusters, the Southwest Asia Service Medal with three Bronze Stars, the Operation Iraqi Freedom Medal with two Bronze Stars, and many oth-ers. Our mother, Nancy, inspired us to have faith, always be optimistic, and to give back. Matt turned this advice into a creed that he followed throughout his storied military career. From his time as a medic to his current role as Command Sergeant Major of the Regional Health Command—Atlantic, Matt has spent most of his career managing healthcare sys-tems to care for our wounded warriors and treat our active duty service members. After thirty-six years of military service, Matt will begin his hard-earned and well-deserved retirement on September 30, 2018. My brother represents the best of what this country has to offer. Matt; his wife, Christina; and their tWo children, Matthew and Caitlin, have given so much over the years, and I could not be prouder to pay tribute to my little brother—my hero—and honor his decades of selfless, dedi-cated service to our family and our country. f 
INTRODUCING THE STUDENTS HELPING YOUNG STUDENTS ACT 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-introduce the Students Helping Young Students Act. This important and bipar-tisan legislation would provide an additional pathway to enable students to work their way through college, while at the same time en-hancing the afterschool opportunities of their younger peers. The Students Helping Young Students Act would incorporate work at afterschool pro-grams into the Federal Work-Study program. Encouraging students enrolled in higher edu-cation to work with vulnerable younger stu-dents is a win-win, expanding opportunities for students at colleges and universities to partici-pate in afterschool programs for at-risk youth. The bill creates new paths to achievement and opportunities for students at all levels, a com-monsense way to improve our nation’s edu-cation system. The hours between 3 p.m.—7 p.m., when children are out of school but parents are not yet home from work, can be a critical time for children, families, and communities. Mentoring and afterschool programs can play a key role in filling this gap. Unfortunately, too few at-risk students have the opportunity to participate in these programs. While not a panacea, after-school and mentoring programs have been as-sociated with improved educational outcomes, reduced negative behaviors, increased school attendance, and improved social and emo-tional development. At the same time, as college costs continue to rise, the Federal Work-Study program pro-vides a key source of financing for students to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.013 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE796 June 7, 2018 
attain a degree. Since 2000, colleges and uni-versities participating in Work-Study have been required to use a portion of their federal funding allocation for community service jobs. While a variety of community service opportu-nities can meet this requirement, many effec-tive afterschool programs are not eligible. Under this legislation, these programs would become eligible for this existing allocation, en-couraging students to participate in the pro-grams. By making it easier for college students to help their younger peers through afterschool programs, students of all ages—as well as the schools they attend—come out ahead. I urge Congress to pass the Students Helping Young Students Act. 
f 
HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ARRIVAL OF THE GANNENMONO 
HON. COLLEEN HANABUSA 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 150th anniversary of the arrival of the gannenmono, the first Japanese immi-grants to Hawaii. On June 20, 1868, the first Japanese immi-grants to Hawaii landed in Honolulu harbor. The Hawaiian government had asked its con-sul in Japan, Eugene Van Reed, to recruit contract laborers for work in the sugar cane fields. Though the original intent was to gather 350 immigrants, Van Reed succeeded in re-cruiting only 148 immigrants, of which 6 were women. These became the original gannenmono, or ‘‘first year people,’’ so named because they emigrated on the first year of the Meiji Emperor’s reign. Van Reed had se-cured permission from the Shogunate govern-ment for the gannenmono to depart, but the new Meiji government declined to reconfirm these passports, forcing the migrants to depart illegally. Work and life on the plantations proved to be difficult for the gannenmono. Many of them were craftsmen and displaced samurai unfa-miliar with agricultural labor. Conditions on the plantations were also harsh. Work was both tedious and monotonous, living conditions were poor, the pay was hardly sufficient and disproportionately lower for Japanese workers than for laborers of other ethnic groups, and the plantation overseers were often physically abusive. When the Japanese government heard that its citizens were being mistreated, it recalled the gannenmono. However, about 100 of the original group chose to remain in Hawaii, where they settled and intermarried with the locals. For the next seventeen years, the Japanese government refused to endorse any policy of organized immigration to Hawaii. However, the need for cheap labor on the sugar cane plantations and the declining Na-tive Hawaiian population made the need for Japanese immigrants ever more urgent. In 1881, King David Kalakaua visited Japan dur-ing his world tour and made an appeal to the Meiji Emperor for Japanese immigration to Ha-waii and closer ties between the two countries. Negotiations over immigration led the Hawai-ian government to promise increased wages and improved working conditions for Japanese workers in future contracts. The first contract labor immigrants from Japan arrived in Hawaii in 1885, beginning a new wave of Japanese immigration. In 1884, the Kingdom of Hawaii reported 116 residents of Japanese descent in its census. By 1900, the Territory of Hawaii re-corded over 60,000 people of Japanese de-scent, most of whom were unskilled male la-borers. Unfortunately, the arrival of Japanese immi-grants triggered xenophobic sentiments among those concerned with labor competition and racial purity, leading the United States federal government to restrict Japanese immi-gration. These nativist movements were strongest in California, where many Japanese and Asian immigrants settled. Under the Gen-tlemen’s Agreement of 1907, the United States promised not to impose any immigra-tion restrictions if Japan ended its emigration programs. However, the Immigration Acts of 1924 codified the suspension of Japanese im-migration by ending immigration of all aliens ineligible for citizenship—a de facto ban on Asian immigration not lifted until the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act of 1952. Immigration was just the first of many chal-lenges Japanese Americans faced. The Japa-nese immigrants had difficulty integrating into local communities due to persistent prejudice and systemic hostility by neighbors and local, state, and federal governments. During the Second World War, over a hundred thousand Japanese Americans, the majority of whom were United States citizens, were forcibly relo-cated and incarcerated due largely to the mis-taken notion that they would be more loyal to Japan than to the United States. Even today, stereotypes of Japanese Americans as per-petual aliens persist, even if the United States is the only country most Japanese Americans have ever known and called home. This anniversary of the arrival of the gannenmono reminds us of the difficult his-tories of Japanese American immigration and, in a broader sense, the immigration of other racial, ethnic, and religious groups to the United States. In examining our public dis-course on immigration today, we see that we do not live in a unique moment in our coun-try’s history. Too often in our past have we closed our doors to those seeking a better fu-ture in the United States. Even after settling here, these immigrants often face prejudice and other challenges in integration. Yet, through their many sacrifices, perseverance, and resilience, through their hard work to earn their stead in America, they became Ameri-cans. Ours is a country not of a single race, ethnicity, language, or culture, but of shared values and beliefs. We are united by our com-mon faith in democracy, confidence in equal justice, and aspirations for a better future. No one today can dispute the positive impact the Japanese American community has made on American life and society. A hundred and fifty years ago, a small ship of immigrants seeking new lives set sail from their homes for a far-away land. For the vast majority of us in the United States today, this is how our stories and those of our ancestors begin. By learning and remembering the his-tories of Japanese Americans and other com-munities that immigrated to this country, we become wiser in crafting our national attitudes and policies towards those seeking better fu-tures for themselves and their families in America today. We must be an example for future generations to act wisely and honorably, informed by our own history as a country. Mr. Speaker, I ask my distinguished colleagues to join me in honoring the gannenmono and re-membering their story today. f 
MEMORIAL PARK: A HAVEN FOR HOUSTON 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, lately Houston has become synonymous with flood-ing, but seven years ago a devastating drought caused our beloved Memorial Park to lose nearly 80 percent of its thousands of trees. Maybe you’ve never heard of Memorial Park. It is Houston’s largest public space; its haven in the heart of Houston—and almost double the size of New York’s Central Park. Daily commuters drive through winding, wood-ed roads, free of billboards and businesses, as they head to work. The park’s 600-acre urban wilderness is one of the largest centrally located urban forests in the country. Memorial Park is also remarkable because it is home to Camp Logan, the only former World War I training camp site in the United States that is not completely developed. The 2011 drought underscored the need to fast-track Memorial Park’s Master Plan to cre-ate the best urban park in America. This month Houston’s Kinder Foundation granted $70 million to this effort and energized the park’s public and private partners to invest up to $205 million more. These efforts will take the Master Plan from proposal to reality in just 10 years and enhance and protect Memorial Park for today and for generations to come. The restoration will be directed by the Me-morial Park Conservancy, Houston Parks and Recreation Department, and Uptown Develop-ment Authority. These partners have set new standards in green space planning and public- private funding partnerships. Kinder Foundation’s inspiring public-private partnerships have changed Houston’s color palette from gray to green. Some of their land-mark successes include Discovery Green, Buf-falo Bayou Park, and Bayou Greenways 2020. Their legacy continues with Memorial Park. Kinder Foundation chairman Rich Kinder said Memorial Park will now reach its full potential and include a signature land bridge, a restored prairie ecology, natural storm drainage and re-tention systems, in addition to adding over 30 miles of trails for hiking, biking, running, and equestrian use. Many joggers, runners and walkers hit the park’s trail daily to make the nearly three-mile loop. I know this park well, Mr. Speaker. In my past life as a criminal court judge, I took to the gravel trail for my daily run, as later did my kids. I can’t tell you how many miles I’ve run in Memorial Park, but I can tell you it’s no overstatement to say the Kinder’s grant along with the day-to-day work by its partners will save this cherished haven in Houston. And that’s just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.016 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE797 June 7, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 200TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE PLYMOUTH FRAGMENT SOCIETY 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 200th Anniversary of the Plymouth Fragment Society of Plymouth, Mas-sachusetts. This exceptional organization was founded on February 13, 1818 with the goal of aiding families living in poverty. In response to the Embargo Act of 1807 and the War of 1812, Marie de Verdier Turner gathered with 183 women to sew garments for the poor. Their mission was expanded to provide aid such as milk, fuel, and rent to those who needed as-sistance. As one of the oldest continuously op-erating charitable organizations in the country, they have adapted to the changing needs of the community, guiding Plymouth through prosperous times and economic downturns, in-cluding the Great Depression. The Plymouth Fragment Society, which was founded and run by dedicated and determined women, exemplifies the work women did for our communities long before they had the abil-ity to engage in politics or business. Those who carry on this legacy remind us all of the power of dedicated individuals and their ability to effect lasting change. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the 200th Anniversary of the Plymouth Fragment Society for their dedication to bettering their commu-nity. I ask that my colleagues join me in thank-ing them for their invaluable service and wish-ing them all the best in the many years to come. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE M CINTIRE- STENNIS ACT DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA EQUALITY ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to introduce the McIntire-Stennis Act District of Columbia Equality Act, which would amend the McIntire-Stennis Cooperative Forestry Act (Act) to make the District of Columbia eligible for funding. The District is treated as a state under federal programs with a few exceptions, most of them simply oversights or failures to update. This legislation would rectify the ex-ception in the Act, ensuring equitable treat-ment for the District and allowing the District to benefit from the important funding opportu-nities available under the Act. The Act provides U.S. states and territories with formula funds to support state-designated institutions’ cooperative forestry research pro-grams. The Act defines ‘‘State’’ to include Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and Guam. The District’s notable, but faulty, absence from this definition makes it ineligible for grant funds that would support research at the Uni-versity of the District of Columbia’s (UDC) Col-lege of Agriculture, Urban Stability, and Envi-ronmental Science, a program that com-plements the city’s ongoing forestry efforts. UDC is the nation’s only urban land-grant uni-versity. We appreciate that Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and Guam are included under the def-inition of ‘‘State,’’ though, unlike the District of Columbia, their residents do not pay federal income taxes. It would be particularly troubling if the District, whose residents pay the highest amount per capita in federal income taxes, which support farm and other federal pro-grams, were to continue to be excluded. We have heard that the District may be ex-cluded because of its lack of local timber pro-duction. However, the Act says, ‘‘[i]n making such apportionments, consideration shall be given to pertinent factors including’’ local tim-ber production. Proximity to timber is, there-fore, only one in a non-exclusive list of factors that are part of the larger analysis regarding the apportionments. Excluding the District from the definition of ‘‘State’’ merely because it is not located in an area with a timber industry runs counter to the intent of the Act. While timber production can be a factor in deter-mining the amount of state allocations, there is no reason that the District should be excluded from the Act. We believe, therefore, that the omission of the District must have been the result of an oversight during the original drafting of the Act. However, as you can imagine, this omis-sion has serious consequences for the District, rendering UDC ineligible for these formula grant funds. Passage of this bill would allow students and researchers in the nation’s cap-ital to take part in this important forestry pro-gram. I urge my colleagues to support this impor-tant bill. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE #WEARINGIRISH CAMPAIGN 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the #Wearinglrish social media campaign started by Margaret Molloy, and the Irish designers that will be recognized by the campaign this year. For the past two years, Molloy has been en-couraging her friends and family to wear Irish clothing and jewelry during March and high-lighting their fashion choices by using the hashtag #Wearinglrish. What started as a small endeavor has grown into a movement that has captured the attention of everyone from the President of Ireland to the top fashion industry leaders in New York City. She launched the Wearinglrish NYC 2018 competition this past March, which will bring Ireland’s best fashion and accessory design-ers to the United States where they will have the opportunity to showcase their talent and gain exposure to leaders in the American fashion industry. Out of 170 applicants, 10 winners will make their way to the iconic Grand Central Terminal in New York to debut their collections. The winning brands represent the best of modern Ireland: A´ine, Alison Conneely, Bla´ithı´n Ennis, De Bruir, Inner Island, Jennifer Rothwell, Natalie B. Coleman, Sands and Hall, The Tweed Project, and Triona. They should be commended for their impressive accom-plishments in their field. I believe that this competition comes at an important time for the U.S.-Ireland relationship. This modem friendship is built not just on shared heritage, but also on strong commer-cial and economic partnership. The #Wearinglrish campaign embodies this spirit and only strengthens the bonds between our two nations. I congratulate Margaret and all of the winning designers on their efforts to make this possible. Their passion for Ireland reso-nates deeply with my own Irish-American her-itage and embodies the forward facing, mutu-ally beneficial relationship our two nations enjoy. f 
CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF DR. HORACE MITCHELL 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. McCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today alongside my colleague, Congressman D
AVID V
ALADAO , to honor Dr. Horace Mitchell, Presi-dent of California State University, Bakersfield (CSUB). Dr. Mitchell joined CSUB as its fourth president in 2004, and will be retiring after a near 50-year career in education later this month. Horace began his professional career at his alma mater of Washington University, Mis-souri, where he received his PhD in Coun-seling Psychology. As a member of the fac-ulty, he served in multiple positions, including Assistant Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Assistant Professor of Education and Black Studies, and Chair of the Black Studies Program. He went on to serve the University of California, first at Irvine for 17 years, and then Berkeley for nearly 10 years, before learning of an opportunity nestled in the southern part of California’s San Joaquin Val-ley. It was at this school—CSUB—where Dr. Mitchell would leave perhaps the greatest mark of his decades-spanning career. Upon his arrival, Dr. Mitchell announced his goal of making CSUB the pride of the California State University System. Over the next decade, he worked tirelessly to make that vision a reality. Dr. Mitchell saw an untapped potential in the students he served, and dedicated his ca-reer to helping the student body of CSUB reach heights they had never seen before. Under his guidance, CSUB attained both its highest enrollment rate, as well as its highest graduation rate in the University’s 53-year his-tory. CSUB has seen its profile rise under Dr. Mitchell’s tenure and is frequently cited as one of America’s top public universities for both its undergraduate and post-graduate programs. Additionally, Dr. Mitchell was the driving force behind CSUB’s transition to National Colle-giate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I athletics, allowing the Roadrunners to bring Bakersfield’s best athletic talent to the national stage. More than anything else, Dr. Mitchell will be remembered as a leader who put his students first, factoring the well being of CSUB’s stu-dent body in every decision he made as Presi-dent. To cultivate a more supportive learning environment, Dr. Mitchell changed CSUB’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.019 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE798 June 7, 2018 
academic calendar from a quarter system to a semester system, offering students more time to focus on the demands of their curriculum. Upon the opening of the CSUB Children’s Center, Mr. Mitchell donated his own money to furnish improvements to the center so that CSUB’s students could attend courses know-ing that their children would receive the best quality childcare a university could offer. For some, work is a means to a paycheck, but Dr. Mitchell’s care and concern for the students and faculty at CSUB and the Bakersfield com-munity was a labor of love and dedication. Mr. Speaker, we join friends, family, stu-dents, and faculty of California State Univer-sity, Bakersfield, and the entire California State University System, in thanking Dr. Mitch-ell for his commitment to bettering the stand-ard of education in the Bakersfield community and beyond. A man who made Bakersfield his home for 14 years, Dr. Mitchell saw the best that our community had to offer and, in turn, made it his goal to give back to that commu-nity. It has been an honor to count Dr. Mitchell as one of our friends, and we will always value the advice and guidance he dispensed over the years on everything from education policy to community volunteerism. After many years in public service, we know that Dr. Mitchell looks forward to spending more time with his wife, Barbara, his children, and his grandchildren. Horace will be missed in the world of CSUB, but we salute his lifetime of service on behalf of our community. We wish him the best as he begins this new chapter of his life. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MS. JEWEL SCOTT 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate a constituent in my district who went above and beyond to serve our commu-nity. Jewel Scott began her work nearly two decades ago in Missouri’s Fifth Congressional District, which I proudly represent. Further-more, her efforts and contributions to the re-gion are nothing short of remarkable. Of her many accomplishments, Scott is most known for her work with the Civic Coun-cil of Greater Kansas City, an organization of chief executive officers representing various influential companies in the area. After serving as the Director of Research and Planning, Scott was named the Executive Director of the Civic Council in 1994. Since then, Scott has spearheaded a myriad of projects and initia-tives focused solely on the council’s four main objectives: innovation economy, human cap-ital, vibrant communities, and leadership de-velopment. She has worked tirelessly to up-hold the organization’s standards and mission of accelerating growth in the region’s pros-perity and quality of life. Aside from her work with the Civil Council, Scott boasts a lifelong career of community based innovation and development through her multifaceted involvement. with various or-ganizations within the Greater Kansas City area. Currently, she occupies a seat on the Missouri biotechnology association executive committee and is on the board of directors for both the University of Kansas Advancement Board and the Kansas City Convention and Visitor’s Association. Although she would be the last to admit it, it is my personal belief that her benevolent ambition and persevering dedication has made a profound impact on the community as a whole. Therefore, it is with a sense of bitter-sweet pride that the community must now con-gratulate Scott on her retirement from the Civic Council of Greater Kansas City. I speak on the behalf of the entire district when I say thank you Ms. Jewel Scott. Mr. Speaker, please join me and all of Mis-souri’s Fifth Congressional District in express-ing our sincerest congratulations to Jewel Scott for her monumental achievements in her community and her tireless efforts in pro-moting education, innovation, and commerce, not only within her city limits, but throughout the state. I urge all my colleagues and fellow citizens across the country to join me in show-ing our appreciation to Ms. Jewel Scott’s ac-complishments and service. f 
RECOGNIZING MELODY HERZFELD 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of Melody Herzfeld from Parkland, Florida, for being named the fourth recipient of The Tony Awards and Carnegie Mellon Uni-versity’s Excellence in Theater Education Award. Under her guidance, her students have been able to turn to music and theatre to com-bat the tragedy that they suffered. Ms. Herzfeld is the director of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School Drama De-partment, where she has been teaching drama since 2003. In that time, she has been respon-sible for putting on over 50 productions. Her theatre program, Children’s Theatre Project, has received numerous Critics Choice awards and South Florida Cappies, which celebrate excellence in regional student theatre and journalism. On February 14, as the tragic events un-folded at their school, Ms. Herzfeld hid 65 of her students in her office for two hours. Since then, we have seen her students demand their own space on the national stage. While some began to speak out and call for reforms, oth-ers turned to theatre and music to make their voices heard. Ms. Herzfeld’s students per-formed their original song titled, ‘‘Shine,’’ for national audiences at the CNN Town Hall on February 21 and at the March for Our Lives on March 24. Mr. Speaker, the Excellence in Theater Edu-cation Award recognizes a K–12 theatre edu-cator in the U.S. who has demonstrated mon-umental impact on the lives of students and who embodies the highest standards of the profession. This is why it is no surprise to us that Ms. Herzfeld was selected to receive this award by a panel of judges comprised of the American Theatre Wing, The Broadway League, Carnegie Mellon and other leaders from the theatre industry. Mr. Speaker, today I ask this body to recog-nize Ms. Herzfeld for her endless dedication to both her students and the arts. Melody Herzfeld represents the kindness and warmth that I see from teachers across the State of Florida. We thank her for her out-standing leadership and guidance during such a difficult time. f 
GEORGIA INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this year we celebrate the 100th anniversary of the es-tablishment of the First Republic of Georgia. Georgia first declared independence from Russia in 1918 and was free of Moscow’s shackles till the Red Army invasion in 1921. After the fall of the Soviet Union, Georgia once again gained independence and has since been a beacon of hope in a region full of turmoil and corruption. Their faithful commit-ment to a strong democracy with free and fair elections serves as a shining example for other countries in Eastern Europe. Georgia has become one of the most val-ued partners of the United States and the Eu-ropean community. Russia however does not respect Georgia’s independence and has oc-cupied large portions of its territory since 2008. The hungry Russian Bear wants a return to its imperial days. The Kremlin will not stop until all former Soviet republics return to its orbit. The United States must remain dedicated to upholding Georgia’s sovereignty, territorial in-tegrity, and independence. So that in another hundred years, we will still be standing side- by-side with a democratic and prosperous Georgia. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY 
HON. THOMAS R. SUOZZI 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the United States Merchant Marine Academy, located in Kings Point, in my Con-gressional district, for 75 years of dedicated service to our country. Acta Non Verba—the school’s motto—Acta Non Verba, that’s deeds not words, something we all need to strive for. The midshipmen and graduates of the Academy have exemplified this school’s motto by faithfully serving the United States in times of war and peace and for that we are eternally grateful. Since its founding in 1943, the U.S. Mer-chant Marine Academy has developed a rich history of military and maritime service. It’s the only service academy whose students engage in combat during times of war. In fact, 142 of its students gave their lives on behalf of our country during World War II. In 1974, the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy became the first service academy to admit women. After the 9–11 terrorist attacks, staff and midshipmen evacuated civilians from Lower 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.022 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE799 June 7, 2018 
Manhattan and transport first responders and supplies to Ground Zero. Midshipmen are the backbone of our na-tion’s maritime industry and they serve as members of the Armed Services as well. As a member of the Board of Visitors, I am proud of United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy’s rich history and the sacrifices its stu-dents and graduates have made for our coun-try. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE 2018 SERVICE ACADEMY APPOINTEES FROM THE 21ST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today we congratulate the 2018 Service Academy ap-pointees from the 21st Congressional District of Texas. The following individuals have accepted Academy appointments: Amadou Sara Bah, Claudia Taylor ‘‘Lady Bird’’ Johnson High School, United States Mili-tary Academy; Conner McNeil Beasley, Westlake High School, Greystone Preparatory School at Schreiner University, United States Naval Academy; Ryan Conley Booth, Winston Churchill High School, United States Air Force Academy; Catherine Rose Buckingham, Win-ston Churchill High School, United States Mili-tary Academy; Jack Lowell Erwin, Central Catholic High School, Northwestern Pre-paratory School (CA), United States Air Force Academy; Hunter Alan Jackson, Regents School of Austin, United States Military Acad-emy. James Angelo Katson, McLean High School (VA), The Hill School (PA), United States Naval Academy; Chloe Elizabeth Lucas- Brown, Claudia Taylor ‘‘Lady Bird’’ Johnson High School, United States Naval Academy; Micah Peter McAnany, Ronald Reagan High School, Greystone Preparatory School at Schreiner University, United States Merchant Marine Academy; Kathleen Elizabeth McCusker, STEM Academy, Lee High School, United States Naval Academy; Roman Isaih Ocampo, Claudia Taylor ‘‘Lady Bird’’ Johnson High School, United States Air Force Acad-emy; Marshall Alan Shults, Geneva School of Boerne, United States Air Force Academy; Karyl Vincent Taylor, Jr., International School of the Americas, United States Air Force Academy. These outstanding students have much to contribute to their chosen Academy and to our country. We appreciate their talents and their patriotism. 
f 
HONORING THE AMAZING AND RE-MARKABLE LIFE OF FRAZIER VONNE THOMAS SCURRY OF HOUSTON, TEXAS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Frazier Vonne Thomas Scurry, a great American woman and one of the out-standing community leaders in the City of Houston. Her upcoming 100th birthday marks a century of living for this remarkable woman. Mrs. Scurry, lovingly and rightfully known as the matriarch of the Scurry Family, was born Frazier Vonne Thomas on October 10, 1918. She is the beloved second child of Napoleon Thomas and Martha Waters Thomas of Wash-ington County, Texas. She enjoyed an active childhood with her sister, Willa Winters-Miller and brothers, Donald and Napoleon Jr. Thom-as. She married her late husband of 66 years, Robert Daniel Scurry and relocated to Hous-ton, Texas. This loving union produced five re-markable children: Arthur Daniel (Barbara), Annette Vonne Collett (Billy), Frazier Marie Scurry-Scott (Arthur), Donald Roy (Lesley) and Maggie Vernece Scurry-Frost (Felton). As a young mother, Mrs. Scurry was an at-tentive and devoted stay-at-home mom. She made sure that her children received the best upbringing possible and that they were raised in a loving, respectful household. She re-mained at home until her youngest child reached school age. She then continued her long-deferred education and attended Memo-rial Hermann Hospital Practical Nursing School. She worked diligently to become a Li-censed Practical Nurse and began her career at Memorial Hermann Hospital. She later worked as a private duty nurse where she was able to devote special care and attention to her patients whom she was known for devel-oping special relationships with. She devoted the remainder of her career to the Texas Women’s Clinic with Dr. Harold Dailey, as a nurse for the private practice, until her well-de-served retirement. Mrs. Scurry is one of the oldest members of her church, Good Hope Missionary Baptist Church, where she has continued her mem-bership for over 77 years. She was recently appointed to the newly formed Mothers’ Board at Good Hope. She was a Sunday School teacher for the Beginners Class, for over 30 years; teaching the love and grace of God and Jesus Christ. Her faith in God has not wavered in her almost 100 years. Mrs. Scurry assisted with the Baptist Train-ing Union, mentoring young people on the im-portance of honoring themselves, as well as others. Mother Scurry was president of the Women Ruth Circle, President of the Deacons and Trustees Wives, and a representative and delegate at the National Baptist Convention and Conference. In her community, Mrs. Scur-ry served as president of the Heights Y Club. Mrs. Scurry kept busy at work, giving her pa-tients the best care imaginable and served her community and church with her whole heart. After her retirement, Mrs. Scurry began or-ganizing trips for women’s groups; many times driving them cross-country to various states. She loved taking cruises, particularly to warm and sunny destinations and has visited the Caribbean Islands, Alaska, Hawaii, Jamaica and the Virgin Islands. Mrs. Scurry is a loving grandmother of 14, great-grandmother of 24, great-great-grand-mother of 6 and mother/grandmother to a large extended family. She truly believes that it takes a village to raise a child and has ex-emplified that belief throughout her life. On July 20, 2018, Mrs. Scurry’s family and friends will celebrate her centennial birth year and honor her great life. In her entire century of life, she has seen both world wars, the Suf-fragette Movement, the invention of the tele-vision, the enforcement and abolition of prohi-bition, the Great Depression, the first man on the moon, the Civil-Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the rise of Martin Luther King, Jr., and the creation and develop-ment of the internet. These barely even skim the surface of the events Mrs. Scurry has ex-perienced throughout her 100 years. Mrs. Scurry’s life in the 20th century and now into the 21st has ensured that she has witnessed more landmark events in American history than one can imagine. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said, ‘‘Life’s most persistent and urgent question is, ‘What are you doing for others?’ ’’ Whether she was serving her five children, her hospital patients, or her church community, Mrs. Scurry consist-ently and passionately dedicated her life to serving others and spreading joy. Sophocles said ‘‘One must wait until the evening to see how splendid the day has been.’’ Mr. Speaker, now that we are in the evening of the life of Frazier Vonne Thomas Scurry, it is clear that she has lived a full and con-sequential life, as a friend, colleague, advo-cate, community leader, and most notably, the beloved matriarch of the Scurry family. f 
CELEBRATING THE BICENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF THE TOWN OF AUSTERLITZ 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and celebrate the bicentennial anniver-sary of the founding of Austerlitz, New York. Formerly known as the proprietorship of Spen-cers Town in the late eighteenth century, the Town of Austerlitz was incorporated in 1818. For two hundred years, Austerlitz has taken part in the great American experiment, weav-ing together a diverse community and culti-vating a strong civil society. This bucolic town situated in Columbia County has not only cele-brated many great triumphs of our nation and witnessed the nascent years of America’s ex-istence, but has also persevered through times of hardship. The strength and independ-ence that continues to define this town are a result of strong roots laid and the principles in-stilled at its founding two centuries ago. The area which now comprises Austerlitz was initially settled by a deed from the Mohi-can Indians to seventy-five families from New England to create Spencers Town, a name based on the fact that many of the first settlers were families of Spencers. When a bill was considered in the New York Legislature to for-mally establish a new town, future President Martin Van Buren, then a State Senator, is said to have insisted that the town be named Austerlitz due to his admiration of Napoleon and annoyance that another town was named Waterloo. While the area has experienced many changes over the past two hundred years, Austerlitz was built on a foundation of deter-mination and resiliency. These core beliefs continue to guide and distinguish the commu-nity today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.026 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE800 June 7, 2018 
This bicentennial anniversary marks a great milestone in Austerlitz’s history, and serves as an important time for reflection. On behalf of the 19th Congressional District and the U.S. House of Representatives, I would like to ex-tend my deepest appreciation and congratula-tions to the town of Austerlitz. As the residents celebrate its 200th birthday, I would like to commend them on the success of their small, thriving community and wish Austerlitz contin-ued prosperity in its next 200 years. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LIBERTY COMMON SCHOOL 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the accomplishments of the Liberty Common School in Fort Collins, Colorado, under the leadership of former U.S. Rep-resentative Bob Schaffer as their principal and headmaster. Liberty Common is an exemplary charter school, consistently earning among the very highest standardized test scores in the state of Colorado. Just this year, Liberty Common was ranked by U.S. News & World Report among the top public high schools in both the state and the nation. Mr. Schaffer represented Colorado’s 4th Congressional District from 1997 to 2003, con-sistently demonstrating exemplary leadership and integrity on Capitol Hill while serving his constituents. During his time in Congress, Mr. Schaffer worked passionately on education policy, fighting for school-choice. Starting in 2010, Mr. Schaffer served as the principal of the Liberty Common High School, and earlier this year became the headmaster of the school’s complete K–12 offerings. On behalf of the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I applaud Mr. Schaffer and his colleagues at the Liberty Common School for such an outstanding record of excellence. We look forward to their continued success as they educate and prepare the next generation of Coloradans for a prosperous and successful future. It is this investment in our children that makes the work of educators like those at Lib-erty Common so valuable to our state. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to celebrate the achievements of the Liberty Common School. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO LARRY YOUNG 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the professionalism, business brilliance and leadership driven success of Larry Young, president and CEO of Dr. Pepper Snapple Group, who also happens to be a native of Springfield, Missouri. Mr. Young is the leader of an extensive and passionate employee base, with 20,000 em-ployees in totality. These workers are respon-sible for the making, marketing, selling and distributing over 50 beverage brands. Mr. Young joined the company in 2006 as presi-dent and chief operating officer. Later on, in October of 2007, he became the company’s president and CEO. Mr. Young’s business prowess is dem-onstrated by his active role in helping create a new business model for a fully integrated beverage company. He encouraged the inte-gration of brand ownership and marketing with bottling and distribution operations; central-izing the company and allowing it to build its own independent leading brands with a reli-able, consistent and secure route to market. Throughout his almost 40-year career in the bottling industry, Mr. Young has produced and sold virtually every beverage in the Americas, Europe, and Russia. Mr. Young also holds a plethora of honors and acknowledgements. In 2015, he received the Beverage Forum Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2010, he was named Executive of the Year by Beverage Industry magazine, and was inducted into the Beverage World Soft Drink Hall of Fame in 2008. From 2008 to 2010, he also served as chairman of the board of the American Beverage Association. Mr. Young represents the hard-working and persistent culture of southwest Missouri. I want to congratulate Mr. Young on his upcom-ing retirement and I wish him the absolute best in the next chapter of his life. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, on roll call No. 216, I inadvertently voted ‘aye.’ I strongly oppose the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act and I intended my vote be recorded as ‘nay.’ 
f 
STANDING WITH GUATEMALA 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to send my sympathies and prayers to America’s neighbor, Guatemala, as the country bravely faces a tragic natural disaster. On Sunday, Volcano de Fuego erupted without warning, sending hot rocks, ash, and gas throughout the surrounding villages. Shortly after the volcanic eruption, a 5.2-mag-nitude earthquake struck off the coast of Gua-temala. Unfortunately, dozens of Guatemalan citizens, our neighbors and our friends, lost their lives. The devastation experienced by Guatemala today contrasts sharply with the beautiful country I visited in August of 2017. I had the pleasure on that journey of meeting President Morales, along with many Guatemalan cabinet officials. We discussed the strong relationship between America and Guatemala, as well as our common fight to end drug trafficking and pursue peace and stability in North America. I am confident President Morales will coura-geously guide his nation through this time of tragedy. I am truly saddened to see Guatemala en-during these trying times, but the country is re-silient. I ask God to bless the lives impacted by these tragic events, to bless Guatemala, and to bless America. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNUAL ALABAMA-COUSHATTA TRIBE OF TEXAS POWWOW 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas on the occasion of its 50th Annual Powwow. The Alabama-Coushatta are a federally recog-nized tribe of the Alabama and Koasati people in Polk County, Texas between Livingston and Woodville. The Alabama-Coushatta nation have called the Big Thicket of East Texas home since the mid-1700’s and even pre-date the State of Texas by more than 70 years. The Tribe es-tablished a meaningful relationship and friend-ship with General Sam Houston in the 1800’s. The annual Powwow is a signature celebra-tion for the Alabama-Coushatta. Neighboring tribes throughout the United States and Can-ada join together to participate in traditional and contemporary Native American dances. This celebration has become a tradition for friends and neighbors to join with the Ala-bama-Coushatta to celebrate their culture and Native American history. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to recog-nize the history, culture, and tradition of the Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas as they celebrate their 50th Annual Powwow. May God continue to bless the people of the Ala-bama-Coushatta nation. 
f 
IN HONOR OF KYLE MATOUS 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my outgoing Chief of Staff, Kyle Matous. Kyle grew up in Temple, Texas, and graduated in 2007 from the University of Vir-ginia, where he studied American Politics and completed his undergraduate degree in three years. Following UVA, he attended law school at Pepperdine University. During law school, Kyle clerked for the Ugandan Commercial Court in Kampala, Uganda. After law school, Kyle started working on the Hill as a Staff Assistant for the House Rules Committee for Chairman David Dreier in 2012. Then when I became Chairman of the House Rules Committee in 2013, Kyle served as my Policy Assistant for nine months with the committee before moving to work for my personal office as a Legislative Assistant. Shortly thereafter, he rejoined the House Rules Committee as my Policy Director in 2014 and then he became my Chief of Staff on January 1, 2016. Kyle has been an exceptional staff member of both my personal office and the House Rules Committee. He has shown his dedica-tion to promoting excellence and making the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.029 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE801 June 7, 2018 
workplace a fun place to be. I Thank him for all the support and goodwill he has shown each and every one of us over the years. We wish Kyle boundless success as he leaves the Hill to join the government relations team for the ONE Campaign. Congratulations, and best of luck. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, on June 6, 2018, I was not present to vote on H.R. 8, the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2018’’ or H.R. 3249, the ‘‘Project Safe Neigh-borhoods Grant Program Authorization Act of 2018.’’ Had I been present for roll call No. 238, I would have voted ‘‘Yea.’’ Had I been present for roll call No. 239, I would have voted ‘‘Yea.’’ 
f 
HONORING POLICE CHIEF JERRY GARNER 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the decades of public service per-formed by Jerry Garner, who retired from his post as the police chief of Greeley, Colorado, on June 1, 2018, after nearly 50 years of work in law enforcement. In 1968, Chief Garner began his police ca-reer as an officer in Victoria, Texas, and he later trained officers in Junction City, Kansas. In 1973, he applied for the opportunity to join the Lakewood Police Department. When he was hired, Chief Garner and his wife, Kathy, moved to Colorado. After retiring from the Lakewood Police Department in 2003, he be-came the police chief of Fort Lupton, Colo-rado, and then he moved to Greeley where he became the police chief in 2006. He held this post until his retirement in June 2018. I had the honor to work with Chief Garner when I served as the Weld County district at-torney. His commitment to excellence, integ-rity, and safety were unmatched. In fact, dur-ing the time Chief Garner and I served to-gether, crime in Weld County decreased by 50 percent. Moreover, the chief has authored 11 books supporting America’s policing efforts and addressing the issues our officers face. Chief Garner’s dedication to his work and sac-rifice for his community will live on as his leg-acy. f 
TRIBUTE TO ATTORNEY LEWIS MEYERS, J.D., THE PEOPLES LAWYER 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to pay tribute to Attorney Lewis Mey-ers, an outstanding legal scholar, a regular but uncommon man who practiced law, was a pro-fessor, a litigator, an organizer, manger, social activist, political leader and a friend to many. Lewis’s leadership roles began when he was a teenager in Houston, Texas where he helped to integrate the Houston Public School System. He led boycotts, protests and other forms of agitation and demonstrations. He was elected president of the NAACP youth council. After high school, he attended Howard Uni-versity Law School and the University of Mis-sissippi Law School where he received his juris doctorate degree. Lou was steeped in movement organizations and politics. He worked for the North Mississippi Rural Legal Services, Chicago State University, Kenny King College, Roosevelt University, Kent College of Law, DePaul University Law School. He was a tenured professor at Ken-nedy King College. Lewis’s work experiences were so varied, Chief Administrator at Bethel AME Church, and a Deputy National Execu-tive Director for the NAACP in Baltimore. Lewis was a member of the following organi-zations: American Bar Association, Cook County Bar Association, National Association of Criminal Defense Attorneys, National Law-yers Guild, National Conference of Black Law-yers, certified to practice in the United States Supreme Court of Appeals for the third, fifth, seventh, and ninth circuits, United States Fed-eral District Court for the Northern District of California, United States Federal District Court for the north and central districts of Illinois. Lewis was the personal attorney for Rev. Jesse Jackson Sr., Minister Louis Farrakhan, Congressman Danny K. Davis and 27th ward Alderman Wallace Davis. Lewis was a joiner of organizations in which he believed, Rainbow Push, Chicago Black United Communities, NAACP Southside branch, Teamwork Eaglewood, Fathers who care, New Mt. Pilgrim Mountain Men, Amer-I- Can, Five Hundred Black Men, Founder NAACP Chapter, Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Executive Board New Mt. Pilgrim Baptist Church. I could not attend the funeral because I was scheduled to take two busloads of children and their families to visit their fathers at Sheri-dan Correctional Facility for Father’s Day. Lou would have approved. Lewis and his wife lived a couple of blocks from my district office and could often be seen walking through the Westside neighborhood where he lived and worked. He was known for giving free legal advice and often handled legal cases pro- bono. He was devoted to his wife and family, and LOVED Houston. 
f 
HONORING DAVID EADES 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Ohio’s 15th Congres-sional District to celebrate the life and legacy of one of London, Ohio’s most distinguished citizens, a man who devoted his life to the service of others, Mr. David Eades. Mr. Eades nobly and proudly served his community as an elected official for the major-ity of his life, first as a city councilman for a decade, then as the city’s longest-serving mayor, retiring after 24 years. To attempt to quantify Mr. Eades’ impact is impossible. He shepherded a period of tre-mendous growth for London, as the population increased by over 2,000 citizens, and he al-ways fought for what he believed was best for his neighbors. Known to spar with the city council, he pushed for major infrastructure re-forms that eased daily life for the citizens of London, and helped to secure major grants to improve residential housing in the city. He had big ideas and never shied away from the work that might be required to bring them to fruition. Like a pebble dropped in a pond, the ripples created by Mr. Eades’ life and work are far- reaching. His legacy will live on in the memo-ries of those who knew him and loved him: his children, Greg and his wife Barb, Marc, Amber and her husband Lawrence, and Megan; his eight grandchildren; four great-grandchildren; and the rest of his extended family. London, Ohio is undeniably a better place because of Mr. David G. Eades and the tre-mendous life of public service he lived, and I am honored to celebrate his legacy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JN8.035 E07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D636 Thursday, June 7, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3269–S3394 Measures Introduced: Twenty bills and three reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3020–3039, S. Res. 537–538, and S. Con. Res. 38.
        Pages S3293–94 
Measures Reported: S. 3023, making appropriations for the Depart-ments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–268) S. 3024, making appropriations for military con-struction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–269) S. 1305, to provide U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection with adequate flexibility in its employment authorities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–270) S. 2296, to increase access to agency guidance documents, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–271) Report to accompany S. 2527, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. (S. Rept. No. 115–272) 
                                                                                            Page S3292 
Measures Passed: Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse: Senate passed S. 2377, to des-ignate the Federal building and United States court-house located at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’.
                                  Page S3390 
George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse: Senate passed S. 2734, to des-ignate the Federal building and United States court-house located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’.
                         Page S3390 
Commending the Yale University Men’s Lacrosse Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 537, commending the Yale University Men’s Lacrosse Team for win-ning the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Associa-tion Division I Men’s Lacrosse Championship.                                                                                             Page S3391 
Commending the Wesleyan University Men’s Lacrosse Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 538, com-mending the Wesleyan University Men’s Lacrosse Team for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Athletic Association Division III Men’s Lacrosse Championship.
                                                            Page S3391 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5515, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                      Pages S3281–89 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 92 yeas to 4 nays (Vote No. 119), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                        Page S3282 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, June 11, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, post- cloture; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the vote on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill occur at 5:30 p.m. 
                                                                                            Page S3391 
Executive Reports of Committees: Senate received the following executive reports of a committee: Report to accompany Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Serbia (Treaty Doc. 115–1) (Ex. Rept. 115–4); and Report to accompany Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Kosovo (Treaty Doc. 115–2) (Ex. Rept. 115–5).
                                                                           Page S3293 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN8.REC D07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D637 June 7, 2018 
By 50 yeas to 46 nays (Vote No. EX. 118), Ken-neth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Department of Education. 
                                                                      Pages S3270–81, S3394 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Michael R. Bright, of the District of Columbia, to be President, Government National Mortgage Asso-ciation. Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission for a term of seven years from October 27, 2019. 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.
                                               Pages S3391–93 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Charles E. Cook III, of Maryland, to be Chief Fi-nancial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, which was sent to the Senate on February 5, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S3394 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3292 
Executive Communications:                             Page S3292 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S3292–93 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3294–95 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3295–96 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3290–91 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3296–S3390 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3390 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3390 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—119)
                                                        Pages S3281–82 Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 4:52 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, June 11, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3391.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: An original bill (S. 3023) making appropriations for the Departments of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019; and An original bill (S. 3024) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Ryan Wesley Bounds, of Oregon, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit, J. Campbell Barker, and Jeremy D. Kernodle, both to be a United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Texas, Susan Brnovich, to be United States District Judge for the District of Arizona, Chad F. Kenney, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and Maureen K. Ohlhausen, of Vir-ginia, to be Judge of the United States Court of Fed-eral Claims. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 43 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6026–6048; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 122; and H. Res. 927, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H4977–78 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4981–82 Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Fitzpatrick to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H4851 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:02 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4857 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN8.REC D07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD638 June 7, 2018 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Pastor Eddie Bevill, Parkridge Church, Coral Springs, Florida.
                          Page H4857 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 213 yeas to 197 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 242.
                                                             Pages H4857, H4869–70 
Whistleblower Protection Coordination Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 1869, to reauthorize and rename the position of Whistleblower Ombudsman to be the Whistle-blower Protection Coordinator.
                  Pages H4870–71 
Department of Veterans Affairs Senior Executive Accountability Act of 2018: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and concur in the Sen-ate amendment to H.R. 2772, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements re-lating to the reassignment of Department of Vet-erans Affairs senior executive employees.
      Page H4871 
Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Pro-grams Act: The House passed H.R. 3, to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974, by a yea-and-nay vote of 210 yeas to 206 nays, Roll No. 243.
            Pages H4871–84, H4957 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–712 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H4871 
H. Res. 923, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 225 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 241, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 227 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 240.
                                                                          Pages H4862–69 
Designating the health care center of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Ernest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thom-as VA Clinic: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass S. 2246, to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Ernest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic.
                                Page H4964 
Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019: The House considered H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. Con-sideration is expected to resume tomorrow, June 8th. 
                  Pages H4884–H4938, H4938–56, H4956–57, H4957–64, H4964–77 Pursuant to H. Res. 918, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–71 shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole.
                                                                            Page H4905 
Pursuant to H. Res. 923, the further amendment printed in Part A of H. Rept. 115–712 shall be con-sidered as adopted in the House and in the Com-mittee of the Whole.
                                               Page H4956 
Agreed to: Collins (NY) amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that increases funding for Army Corps Investigations account by $1.2 million, for a total of $129.2 million, offset by a reduction of $1.2 million in the Army Corps Expenses ac-count;
                                                                               Page H4925 
Keating amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that ensures funds for addition-ally considering the historic and national significance of dredging projects in allocating Army Corps addi-tional funding;
                                                            Page H4926 
Ruiz amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that redirects $2 million within the Water and Related Resources Account toward projects with a public health benefit;
     Pages H4928–29 
Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that prioritizes funding for Bureau of Reclamation re-search and development projects;
                      Page H4929 
DeSaulnier amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that increase the Anadromous Fish Screen Program by $5 million for the purposes of making repairs to existing equipment;
     Page H4929 
Cohen amendment (No. 9 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that increases funding for the En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account by $2 million for the SuperTruck II program; 
                                                                                    Pages H4929–30 
Soto amendment (No. 14 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that increases funding to the Cyber-security, Energy Security, and Emergency Response program by $1,000,000 to further facilitate the De-partment of Energy’s effort to secure the nation’s en-ergy infrastructure against all hazards, reduce the risks of and impacts from cyber events, and assist with restoration activities;
                                    Page H4933 
Soto amendment (No. 15 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that increases funding to the Elec-tricity Delivery program by $1,000,000 to further facilitate the programs aim to develop a modern power grid by advancing resilient power distribution systems, intelligent and high-efficiency grid compo-nents, and energy storage systems;
                   Page H4933 
Esty amendment (No. 17 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that increases and decrease funding to Solid Oxide Fuel Cells by $20 million;
   Page H4934 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN8.REC D07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D639 June 7, 2018 
Keating amendment (No. 20 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that allocates funding to support research and grants to further innovation in the safe and secure storage, treatment, transportation, and disposal of spent nuclear fuel from civilian nuclear reactors;
                                                                  Pages H4936–37 
Langevin amendment (No. 22 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that increases funding by $3 million to be used for divertor test tokamak research and development;
                                                      Page H4937 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 25 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that increases Administra-tion account by $1 million to address environmental concerns in both urban and rural settings; 
                                                                                    Pages H4940–41 
O’Halleran amendment (No. 28 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that provides funding to expe-dite the work of the Department of Energy’s De-fense-Related Uranium Mines Program’s work on Native American Reservations in the west; 
                                                                                    Pages H4945–46 
Keating amendment (No. 30 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that provides resources for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to ensure safe and effective decommissioning of nuclear power plants; 
                                                                                            Page H4947 
Newhouse amendment (No. 33 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that prohibits the use of funds to sell the transmission assets of three Power Mar-keting Administrations and the Tennessee Valley Authority;
                                                                      Page H4950 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 35 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that allocates an additional $3 million for post-disaster watershed assessment studies;
                                                                    Pages H4952–53 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 36 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that prohibits use of funds in contravention of the Department of Energy Orga-nization Act and addresses the need to increase pro-grams that educate minorities in science, technology, engineering and math;
                                    Pages H4953–54 
DeSantis amendment (No. 38 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that prohibits funds from being used to purchase heavy water from Iran; 
                                                                                    Pages H4954–55 
Nolan amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that boosts the Army Corps’ Aquat-ic Nuisance Species Research Program by $1 million; 
                                                                                    Pages H4956–57 
Eshoo amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that increases funding for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $1,000,000, with the increase intended to support the development and deployment of high-efficiency linear generator power plant technology which, for purposes of stationary electric power production, is equivalent to fuel cell power plant technology; de-creases funding for Departmental Administration by $1,000,000;                                                                  Page H4964 
Hastings amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that increases funding for cyber-security of the electric power grid, offset by funding for fossil energy research and development; 
                                                                                    Pages H4965–66 
Rogers (AL) amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that provides $24 million for construction of critical infrastructure in NNSA, with an offset from NNSA Federal Salaries and Expenses; 
                                                                                            Page H4966 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 8 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that allocates an additional $100 million for Army Corps of Engineers construc-tion projects related to flood control;
             Page H4966 
LaMalfa amendment (No. 9 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that prohibits the use of funds for enforcing the EPA’s abandonment criteria for prior converted cropland;
                              Pages H4966–68 
Kildee amendment (No. 12 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that increases funding by $250,000 for the U.S. House of Representatives’ Wounded Warrior Program, which provides employ-ment opportunities within the U.S. House for vet-erans with service-connected disabilities; decreases funding for the Architect of the Capitol, Capital Construction and Operations account by an equiva-lent amount;
                                                                 Page H4969 
Esty amendment (No. 13 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that increases funding by $500,000 for the Office of Employee Assistance under the Of-fice of the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives to be pulled from the Architect of the Capitol, Capitol Grounds;
                            Page H4969 
Cohen amendment (No. 17 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that prohibits the use of funds to purchase plastic drinking straws;
                Page H4972 
Torres amendment (No. 20 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that directs the Secretary to use the DOD Base Closure Account to make funding available for the purposes of demolishing facilities closed by prior BRAC rounds;
                           Page H4973 
Ruiz amendment (No. 22 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that increases funding to VA Med-ical Services account from VA Medical Services ac-count to conduct educational outreach to veterans to enroll in the burn pits registry, additional research using the registry, and other activities concerning the maintenance of registry;
                        Pages H4974–75 
Johnson (OH) amendment (No. 23 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that calls on the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs (VA) to develop a standard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN8.REC D07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD640 June 7, 2018 
of hospice care tailored to the unique needs of com-bat veterans, including Vietnam-era veterans; 
                                                                                            Page H4975 
Carbajal amendment (No. 24 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that directs the Secretary to change the phone system to have local Community Based Outpatient Center answer calls rather than having all calls routed to the major VA Medical Centers in an effort to reduce wait times for veterans on the phone and to provide more timely health services;
                                                                   Pages H4975–76 
McSally amendment (No. 25 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that mandates that no less than $225,000,000 may be appropriated for VA mental health and suicide prevention programs;
       Page H4976 
Welch amendment (No. 26 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that provides $5 million to bet-ter assist veterans exposed to burn pits by improving the existing registry and increasing clinical research on burn pit exposure; decreases the Community Care account by the same amount; and
            Pages H4976–77 
Barr amendment (No. 27 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that transfer $5 million from the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Administra-tion’s (VHA) Medical Community Care Account to the Medical Services Account for the explicit use for the VA’s Adaptive Sports Grant (ASG) program, equine assisted therapy.
                                          Page H4977 
Rejected: Beyer amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to strike Sec. 107, which prohibits funds from being used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H4926–28 
Kihuen amendment (No. 23 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to strike $190 mil-lion for the licensing of the nuclear waste depository at Yucca Mountain;
                                          Pages H4937–38 
Kihuen amendment (No. 32 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to strike language that would prohibit closure of the Yucca Mountain project;
                                                                    Pages H4949–50 
Tsongas amendment (No. 13 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to increase funding to the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy for the purposes of offshore wind job training grants (by a recorded vote of 201 ayes to 217 noes, Roll No. 244);
                                       Pages H4931–33, H4958 
Beyer amendment (No. 18 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to increase ARPA–E to its FY18 enacted level and reduces Fossil Energy R&D by the same amount (by a recorded vote of 204 ayes to 214 noes, Roll No. 245); 
                                                                Pages H4934–36, H4958–59 Gosar amendment (No. 24 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to eliminate funding for the ARPA–E program as recommended by the administration (by a recorded vote of 123 ayes to 295 noes, Roll No. 246);
           Pages H4938–40, H4959–60 
Lee amendment (No. 26 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to strike $65 million for the W76–2 warhead and transfers it to Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation account (by a recorded vote of 177 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 247); 
                                                                      Pages H4941–44, H4960 
Connolly amendment (No. 27 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to restore the De-fense Nuclear Nonproliferation account to the FY2018 funding level by giving the Weapons Ac-tivities account a $404 million increase instead of the current $550 million increase (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 248); 
                                                                Pages H4944–45, H4960–61 
Gosar amendment (No. 29 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to use the Holman Rule to reduce the salary of Mark Gabriel, the Ad-ministrator of the Western Area Power Administra-tion, to $1 (by a recorded vote of 139 ayes to 276 noes with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 249); 
                                                                Pages H4946–47, H4961–62 
Lowenthal amendment (No. 31 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to strike Sec. 505, which prohibits funds from being used for further implementation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management compo-nents of the National Ocean Policy (by a recorded vote of 195 ayes to 223 noes, Roll No. 250); 
                                                                      Pages H4947–49, H4962 
Blackburn amendment (No. 34 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to provide for a one percent across the board cut to the discretionary spending levels in Division A of the bill (by a re-corded vote of 155 ayes to 262 noes, Roll No. 251); 
                                                                Pages H4950–52, H4962–63 
Norman amendment (No. 39 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that sought to reduce the total amount of appropriations made available by $1.5 bil-lion to match the fiscal year 2018 enacted level (by a recorded vote of 128 ayes to 289 noes, Roll No. 252); and
                                            Pages H4955–56, H4963–64 
Perlmutter amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that sought to increase fund-ing for EERE’s Facilities and Infrastructure account by $5 million offset by a $5 million reduction to DOE’s Departmental Administration account. 
                                                                                    Pages H4964–65 
Withdrawn: Abraham amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have increased Corps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN8.REC D07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D641 June 7, 2018 
of Engineers Construction by $17,410,000 and re-duces DOE Departmental Administration by the same amount;
                                                      Pages H4925–26 
Keating amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have allocated fund-ing for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy to support marine and hydrokinetic en-ergy research and technologies;
                          Page H4930 
Bonamici amendment (No. 11 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing for the EERE Water Power Technologies Office by $10 million;
                                                  Pages H4930–31 
Esty amendment (No. 12 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that was offered and subsequently withdrawn that would have restored $15 million in funding to the Advanced Manufacturing Office (AMO) within the Office of Energy Efficiency & Re-newable Energy (EERE);
                                        Page H4931 
Weber (TX) amendment (No. 16 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have provided for $35 million from within funds appropriated to the Office of Nuclear Energy to meet the House-passed authorization level for the Versatile Neutron Source, a fast test reactor user facility;
                    Pages H4933–34 
Smith (TX) amendment (No. 19 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–711) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have provided for $126.8 million from within funds appropriated to the Office of Science to meet House-passed author-ization levels for the LINAC Coherent Light Source II High Energy Upgrade, the Proton Power Upgrade to the Spallation Neutron Source, the construction of the Spallation Neutron Source Second Target Station, and the construction of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams; provides for full funding for the U.S. con-tribution to the construction of the ITER project; 
                                                                                            Page H4936 
Kildee amendment (No. 19 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing in the BRAC account to ensure there is suffi-cient funding to prevent further contamination of PFAS at former-Wurtsmith AFB; and
   Pages H4972–73 
Kildee amendment (No. 21 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have created a fund-ing carve-out for the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment account.
                                      Pages H4973–74 
Proceedings Postponed: Gohmert amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to prepare, propose, or promulgate any reg-ulation or guidance related to the social cost of car-bon;                                                                          Pages H4968–69 
Meadows amendment (No. 15 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that seeks to reestablish a semiannual Government Accountability Office finan-cial review of obligated expenditures from the Inde-pendent Counsel permanent indefinite appropriation, and require the report’s findings to be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate, the Committees on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform and Judiciary of the House, and the Committees on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs and Judiciary of the Senate; and 
                                                                                    Pages H4970–71 
Takano amendment (No. 16 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–712) that seeks to appropriate $2.5 million to re-institute the Office of Technology As-sessment (OTA) to help Congress understand emerg-ing technologies and their policy implications; offset by funds from an administrative account within the Architect of the Capitol.
                                Pages H4971–72 
H. Res. 918, the rule providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 3249) and providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 8) and (H.R. 5895) was agreed to yesterday, June 6th. H. Res. 923, the rule providing for further con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 225 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 241, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 227 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 240.
                                                                          Pages H4862–69 
Senate Referrals: S. 1692 was held at the desk. S. 2857 was referred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. S. 2377 was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. S. 2734 was re-ferred to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure.
                                                                  Page H4977 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate and message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appear on pages H4862 and H4938. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and ten recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H4868–69, H4869, H4869–70, H4957, H4958, H4958–59, H4959–60, H4960, H4960–61, H4961–62, H4962, H4962–63, and H4963–64. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 11:49 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN8.REC D07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD642 June 7, 2018 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense held a markup on the FY 2019 Defense Appropria-tions Bill. This markup was closed. IMPROVING THE HYDROPOWER LICENSING PROCESS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Hy-dropower Licensing Process’’. Testimony was heard from Ryan Fisher, Principal Deputy Assistant Sec-retary of the Army, Civil Works, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers; John Goodin, Acting Director, Office of Wetlands, Ocean, and Watersheds, Environmental Protection Agency; Chris Oliver, Assistant Adminis-trator, Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; Greg Sheehan, Principal Deputy Di-rector, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service; and Terry Turpin, Director, Office of Energy Projects, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3861, the ‘‘Federal Insurance Of-fice Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4557, the ‘‘Reform-ing Disaster Recovery Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5054, the ‘‘Small Company Disclosure Simplification Act of 2018’’; H.R. 5756, to require the Securities and Ex-change Commission to adjust certain resubmission thresholds for shareholder proposals; H.R. 5783, the ‘‘Cooperate with Law Enforcement Agencies and Watch Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5877, the ‘‘Main Street Growth Act’’. H.R. 5783, H.R. 5877, H.R. 3861, and H.R. 4557 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 5054 and H.R. 5756 were ordered reported, without amendment. A BAD YEAR FOR HUMAN RIGHTS IN VIETNAM Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Bad Year for Human Rights in Vietnam’’. Testi-mony was heard from former Member Joseph Cao and public witnesses. ADVANCING U.S. BUSINESS INVESTMENT AND TRADE IN THE AMERICAS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ad-vancing U.S. Business Investment and Trade in the Americas’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. WILDFIRE RISK, FOREST HEALTH, AND ASSOCIATED MANAGEMENT PRIORITIES OF THE U.S. FOREST SERVICE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘Wildfire Risk, Forest Health, and Associated Management Priorities of the U.S. Forest Service’’. Testimony was heard from Vicki Christiansen, Interim Chief, U.S. Forest Service, Department of Agriculture. THE ELECTRIC GRID OF THE FUTURE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Electric Grid of the Future’’. Testimony was heard from Bruce J. Walker, Assistant Secretary, Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, Depart-ment of Energy, and Acting Assistant Secretary, Of-fice of Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emer-gency Response, Department of Energy; John Sarrao, Principal Associate Director, Science, Technology, and Engineering Directorate, Los Alamos National Laboratory; and public witnesses. VETS FIRST? AN EXAMINATION OF VA’S RESOURCES FOR VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Inves-tigations, Oversight, and Regulations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Vets First? An Examination of VA’s Re-sources for Veteran-Owned Small Businesses’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. MARITIME TRANSPORTATION IN THE ARCTIC: THE U.S. ROLE Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Maritime Transpor-tation in the Arctic: The U.S. Role’’. Testimony was heard from Admiral Charles W. Ray, Vice Com-mandant, U.S. Coast Guard; David Kennedy, Senior Arctic Advisor, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and public witnesses. HONORING HEROES: MEMORIALIZING OUR NATION’S VETERANS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Honoring Heroes: Memorializing our Nation’s Veterans’’. Testimony was heard from Randy C. Reeves, Under Secretary for Memorial Af-fairs, National Cemetery Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN8.REC D07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D643 June 7, 2018 
AN ASSESSMENT OF THE POTENTIAL HEALTH EFFECTS OF BURN PIT EXPOSURE AMONG VETERANS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Assessment of the Potential Health Effects of Burn Pit Exposure Among Veterans’’. Testimony was heard from Ralph L. Erickson, M.D., Chief Consultant, Post-Deploy-ment Health, Office of Patient Care Services, Vet-erans Health Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs; and public witnesses. EXAMINING SOCIAL SECURITY’S SOLVENCY CHALLENGE: THE STATUS OF SOCIAL SECURITY’S TRUST FUNDS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining So-cial Security’s Solvency Challenge: The Status of So-cial Security’s Trust Funds’’. Testimony was heard from Stephen C. Goss, Chief Actuary, Social Security Administration. 
Joint Meetings 
HEALTH CARE SAVINGS ACCOUNTS Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the potential for health care sav-ings accounts to engage patients and bend the health care cost curve, after receiving testimony from Scott W. Atlas, Stanford University Hoover Institution, Stanford, California; and J. Kevin A. McKechnie, American Bankers Association HSA Council, Tracy Watts, Mercer, on behalf of the American Benefits Council, and Kavita Patel, Johns Hopkins Medicine and The Brookings Institution, all of Washington, D.C. f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D612) 
S. 292, to maximize discovery, and accelerate de-velopment and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments. Signed on June 5, 2018. (Public Law 115–180) S. 1282, to redesignate certain clinics of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs located in Montana. Signed on June 5, 2018. (Public Law 115–181) S. 2372, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks. Signed on June 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–182) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 8, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘Questions Regarding the U.S. Census’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JN8.REC D07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD644 June 7, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, June 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act, post-cloture, and vote on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, June 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Complete consideration of H.R. 5895—Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E800 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E792 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E797 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E795 Buck, Ken, Colo., E800, E800, E801 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E791 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E795 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E798 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E800, E801 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E791 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E798 Faso, John J., N.Y., E799 Gallego, Ruben, Ariz., E792 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E793 Hanabusa, Colleen, Hawaii, E796 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E799 Keating, William R., Mass., E797 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E793 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E792 Long, Billy, Mo., E800 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E790 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E792, E797 Nolan, Richard M., Minn., E794 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E790, E797 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E791 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E789, E793 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E801 Poe, Ted, Tex., E790, E790, E791, E792, E794, E795, E796, E798 Polis, Jared, Colo., E790 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E800 Smith, Lamar, Tex., E799 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E801 Suozzi, Thomas R., N.Y., E798 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E789 Walden, Greg, Ore., E789 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:05 Jun 08, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07JN8.REC D07JNPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST