Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9769 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2018 No. 194 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
ULBERSON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, December 10, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHN A
BNEY CULBERSON to act as Speaker pro tem-pore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
THANKING MY SOUTH FLORIDA CONSTITUENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, though I still have a few days left be-fore the end of my term, I wanted to take this opportunity to thank the constituents for allowing me to rep-resent them in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives for so many years. Whether it has been helping a vet-eran obtain the VA assistance he or she needs, or fighting for our Dreamers, or securing funds for important projects in our community, or passing critical legislation to help those oppressed by totalitarian regimes, or one of the many, many other duties that the peo-ple of south Florida have entrusted to me, I have been honored to serve them in this distinguished body for almost 30 years, and I have played a small part in making our slice of paradise an even better place in which to live. Every day when I come to this floor, when I walk these hallowed Halls, or when I look at that magnificent Cap-itol dome lit up, I pinch myself to make sure that I am not dreaming. That is because as a political refugee, I have a unique perspective on the greatness of our Nation. America opened its arms to my family and to me as we fled the Communist Castro regime. When we arrived in Miami, it was in one of the last commercial flights out of Cuba. I was only 8 years old. So to think that I have been elected to serve in the U.S. Congress, that I be-came the first Hispanic woman to serve in Congress and the first woman to chair the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, it is simply astounding, not be-cause it is about me but it says a lot about the greatest democracy that man has ever created: the United States of America. We are a country that says: You can be successful no matter where you started, and that is something that we do not ever take for granted in my south Florida community where it seems like almost everyone seems to be from somewhere else. My constitu-ents are also a testament to the end-less possibilities that all of us have as free Americans. Mr. Speaker, where I was born is not just a place listed on my passport. It has defined how I view the world through the prism of democracy, of freedom, of the rule of law, and of human rights. These are fundamental American principles that have guided my legislative record. I have been honored to fight for equal rights for all people by joining efforts that will put an end to the discrimina-tion and the violence against individ-uals based on their sexual orientation or gender identity. I have been proud to advocate for the natural allies of our country, like the democratic Jewish State of Israel, her right to exist, and her right to defend herself; to secure support for a free trade agreement with Colombia, one of our biggest trading partners in Latin America; and to promote U.S. assist-ance that allows Taiwan to resist Bei-jing’s increasing coercion. I have also worked to promote religious autonomy for the people of Tibet who are also vic-tims of Chinese aggression; and to rees-tablish democracy and the rule of law in my native homeland of Cuba, in Nicaragua, in Venezuela, in Syria, and in so many other countries; and to sanction rogue regimes like that in Iran, in Russia, in North Korea, and all those who wish to do us harm. Domestic issues have been priorities for me as well, Mr. Speaker. Growing up in south Florida, I learned to appre-ciate the wonderful natural resources all around us, and I have made it my priority to protect those treasures so that future generations are also able to enjoy them. I have worked to re-nourish our beau-tiful south Florida beaches, to restore the seagrass beds and coral reefs, to provide for advanced wastewater treat-ment in our beloved Florida Keys, and to reinvigorate our Miami River. Throughout my tenure I have rep-resented Miami International Airport and Port Miami, two of the largest eco-nomic engines to our county that serve as the gateway to the Americas and support thousands of jobs and eco-nomic development across our Sun-shine State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Dec 10, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.000 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9770 December 10, 2018 
As the wife of a Vietnam veteran who was wounded in combat and a step-mother to marine aviators, I have been proud to support our military and our veterans. During my time in Congress, I authored legislation awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to the World War II Women Air Force Service Pi-lots, WASP, and supported efforts to reinstate burial rights at Arlington Na-tional Cemetery to these women pio-neers. I supported legislation to protect vic-tims of domestic violence and some of the most vulnerable people in our soci-ety. Mr. Speaker, each one of these issues is important, not only to me, but to our community in south Florida, and I will carry them wherever I go next. I want to thank the hardworking staff and interns with whom I have had the delight to work throughout my tenure in Congress. Some are still looking for jobs; please hire them. I want to thank my loving and sup-portive family, my parents, Abu Mandy and Abu Kiki. I know they are watch-ing me from Heaven, and I thank them for encouraging me to run for office and for their love in every step of the way. I thank Dexter Wayne for supporting and joining me on this crazy adventure and for his unwavering support. The same goes to our adult children: Rodrigo, Patricia, Douglas, and Kath-arine. I am so proud of each and every one of them. I know that they have ac-complished so much, and there is still some more to come. I hope to have contributed to leaving a better world for our five grand-children to enjoy with a sixth one com-ing before the new Congress is sworn in. I thank each one of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle who have worked with me in a bipartisan manner throughout my three decades in Con-gress. I will continue to cheer on my pals in the bipartisan Congressional Women’s Softball Game. Mr. Speaker, it truly has been the highest honor of my professional life to represent the great people of south Florida. I am excited to start a new chapter in my life, and for whatever life throws at me, all I have to say is: Put me in, Coach. Muchas gracias. I thank my constitu-ents. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HOWARD GARRETT OF EDMONTON, KENTUCKY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. C
OMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize my friend, Howard Garrett of Edmonton, Kentucky. In ad-dition to serving as mayor since 1993, he has served as an officer of the Ken-tucky State Jaycees, a member of the local Industrial Board and 9–1-1 Board, and a deacon of the Edmonton Baptist Church. As an officer of the Barren River Area Development District and the Barren-Metcalfe Ambulance Board, his influence was felt throughout the region. In his personal life, Mayor Garrett is an avid University of Kentucky and Yankees fan. He is married to his high school sweetheart, Teresa, and they are the parents to three children and grandparents to five grandchildren. Mayor Garrett has much to be proud of in his life. On behalf of the First Dis-trict of Kentucky, I thank him for his years of achievement and compas-sionate service to the Edmonton com-munity. RECOGNIZING MONROE COUNTY JUDGE - 
EXECUTIVE TOMMY WILLETT  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Monroe County Judge-Executive Tommy Willett on his retirement after serving two consecu-tive terms in office. Prior to his elec-tion, Tommy and his father owned and operated Pure Drug Company in Tompkinsville, Kentucky. Currently, Judge Willett serves as the secretary of the Barren River Area Development District Board of Directors. He also served on the Board of Community Ac-tion of Southern Kentucky, Monroe County Water Board, Monroe County Board of Health, and several other sig-nificant boards and committees over the years. In his free time Judge Willett enjoys spending time with his two sons, daughters-in-law, and his four grandchildren. On behalf of the First District of Kentucky, I congratulate Judge Willett on his years of service to Monroe Coun-ty and wish him many years of contin-ued success in the community to which he has given so much. 
RECOGNIZING CLINTON COUNTY JUDGE - 
EXECUTIVE RICHARD ARMSTRONG  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my friend, Clinton County Judge-Executive Richard Armstrong. I am grateful for his efforts to better the lives of First District Kentuckians through his service on the Lake Cum-berland Area Development District Board of Directors as well as his in-volvement with numerous community organizations throughout his career. As one of Clinton County’s promi-nent community leaders and advocates, he has prioritized industrial develop-ment and spurred economic opportuni-ties for those he has served. These sig-nificant accomplishments, in combina-tion with his passion for serving his community, have distinguished him as one of the region’s most prominent public servants. His achievements and efforts to improve the lives of his fel-low Clinton Countians have forged a legacy of outstanding character and commitment to continuous improve-ments in all facets of community life. Judge-Executive Armstrong’s passion for bettering the community is rivaled only by his love for spending time with his family. I join his wife, Joy; his chil-dren, Cannon and Brandy; and his five grandchildren; as well as all those who know him in thanking him for his years of service to his community. RECOGNIZING ADAIR COUNTY JUDGE -EXECUTIVE  
MIKE STEPHENS  
Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize my friend, Judge-Ex-ecutive Mike Stephens of Adair Coun-ty, Kentucky. His outstanding service and contributions during his tenure have greatly benefited his community, and I am proud to recognize him for his years of service. Prior to being elected to public office Judge-Executive Stephens owned and operated his own pharmacy. He has also served on the Homeplace Board of Directors and the Lake Cumberland Area Development District Board of Directors. Judge-Executive Stephens’ varied experiences and knowledge of the local community made him a com-passionate and effective county judge- executive and an exceptional public servant. On behalf of the First District of Kentucky, I thank Judge Mike Ste-phens for his numerous accomplish-ments while serving as Adair County judge-executive. 
f 
MAYOR RITA SANDERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of Nebraska’s most dedicated and inspirational leaders. Rita Sanders has served since Novem-ber 2010 as the mayor of Bellevue, one of the oldest cities in Nebraska and home to one of the largest bases in the United States Air Force, Offutt Air Force Base. She concludes her service as mayor today, and she has achieved many her-alded results. Mayor Sanders was in-ducted into the Filipino Asian Amer-ican Hall of Fame in 2017 as a testa-ment to her tireless work and tremen-dous accomplishments as a Filipino American. In addition, the adjutant general for the Nebraska National Guard awarded Rita the Civilian Dis-tinguished Service Medal in March of 2017. Mayor Sanders was born in Hawaii in 1952. Her father served in the United States Army and was a Bronze Medal recipient for heroism in Vietnam. Her mother was originally from Germany. Mayor Sanders is married to Rick, and they have two grown sons. They are owners of a very successful business serving the elderly community. Rita is an outspoken advocate for our servicemembers and has emphasized and enacted measures to enhance pub-lic safety, and community and family programs, including programs that support our military families at Offutt. She has served as a longtime board member for the Offutt Advisory Coun-cil and was appointed by Governor Pete Ricketts to the Commission on Mili-tary and Veterans’ Affairs for the State of Nebraska. Mayor Sanders also embraced the im-portance of economic development and community enhancement throughout 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Dec 10, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.002 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9771 December 10, 2018 
the city starting from the time she served as chairman of Bellevue’s Cham-ber of Commerce. As mayor, she has worked with other city and State offi-cials on the Governor’s Summit on Economic Development to provide ex-pertise on areas such as workforce de-velopment, new business recruitment, and tax policy. On October 14, 2017, Mayor Sanders was inducted into the Chicago Filipino Asian American Hall of Fame. The con-sul general of the Philippines acknowl-edged Rita’s diligent work to facilitate the return of the historic Balangiga bells which were acquired by U.S. sol-diers in September 1901 and brought to America as tribute of the war they fought and the losses they suffered. Leaders of the Filipino Government and Catholic Church hold these bells as highly significant religious artifacts and expressed their concerns over the use of them as a war prize. When Mayor Sanders met with President Duterte earlier this year, she pledged her support to help retrieve the bells. She was successful in her endeavors and attended a ceremony at F.E. War-ren Air Force Base in Wyoming where Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis an-nounced the return of the bells. We are proud to recognize Mayor Sanders for her monumental leader-ship, tireless service, and epic achieve-ments for the city of Bellevue, the Omaha area, and the State of Ne-braska. 
RECOGNIZING GRACE FRY  
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a young lady in Ne-braska who is a fighter, a fighter against a medically complex condition known as acute myeloid leukemia, and a fighter to gain support for H.R. 3325, the Advancing Care for Exceptional Kids Act of 2017, or the ACE Kids Act. That fighter is Grace Fry, who is 11 years old and is in remission from AML. Grace was diagnosed with AML when she was 9 years old after dark bruises started appearing on her shins. Her parents thought the young ballerina had suffered a dancing mishap, but these bruises grew larger. Aggressive treatment was started for Grace at Children’s Hospital & Medical Center in Omaha, and her parents, Jeff and Mandy, managed to maintain a family for their two other children while going through these treatments. Mandy was able to step away from her job to care for Grace, and Jeff was able to telecommute. Thanksgiving that year was spent at the hospital cafe-teria, and Grace’s sister spent her 16th birthday at the hospital with her baby sister. b1215 Jeff’s job did provide the family with private insurance, but the loss of Mandy’s income and increased travel costs made for a tight financial situa-tion. Medicaid stepped in to help al-leviate the costs not covered by insur-ance, such as deductibles and coinsur-ance. The ACE Kids Act is designed to im-prove care for children with medical complexities who are on Medicaid, while also reducing program spending. The ACE Kids Act addresses existing challenges facing these children, iden-tified by families and physicians, in-cluding the provision and coordination of care across multiple providers and services, and easing access to out-of- State care. This legislation has strong bipartisan support in both Chambers of Congress, and I was pleased earlier this year to join 73 other Republicans and 60 Demo-crats in working to advance it. Tues-day, the bill will be up for consider-ation under suspension of the rules. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation tomorrow. Grace loves all her nurses from Chil-dren’s Hospital and Medical Center, which serves the most medically com-plex children in Nebraska and the re-gion because of their highly specialized pediatricians and surgeons. Due to Children’s wide footprint, Medicaid plays a significant role in their pa-tients’ lives. One day, the young fighter known as Grace hopes to become a pediatric on-cology nurse. But until then, she will continue to fight for her health and fight for support of the ACE Kids Act. f 
HONORING CHARLIE ODELL LOVETTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Mr. Charlie Odell Lovette of Wilkes County in North Carolina’s Fifth District. Recently, Mr. Lovette was posthumously inducted into the Wilkes County Agriculture Hall of Fame and 3 miles of Highway NC–16 North were officially renamed in his honor. In addition to being a pioneer of the U.S. poultry industry, Mr. Lovette was an active leader in the community and advocated for the construction of what is now his namesake, C.O. Lovette Highway, connecting Wilkesboro to Millers Creek. Although he passed away in 1978, Mr. Lovette’s legacy is fondly remembered and livelihoods continue to thrive along trails he blazed. Charlie Lovette’s life is a shining ex-ample of the American Dream that North Carolinians remain proud of and hopeful for. At the young age of 14, Lovette left home to drive trucks for his uncle, distributing farm products in the foothills and mountains of Wilkes. In the summers, he put his farming skills to use. At age 19, he returned to public school to improve his skills to be able to turn his work experiences into a business of his own. Starting with a horse-drawn wagon to sell apples and working at R.J. Reynolds Tobacco, Mr. Lovette was able to acquire necessary startup capital to contribute to the foundation of the modern poultry in-dustry. He bought the first truck in his enterprise in 1924 and developed a weekly schedule of buying barnyard chickens, butter, eggs, hams, dried ap-ples, honey, and other produce from country stores to sell in Charlotte and Winston-Salem. His business provided a market for local farms to sell and trade their products to produce family farm income. This same year, Mr. Lovette married the love of his life, Ruth Bumgarner. Ruth deserves just as much credit as her husband for being a steadfast pillar of support in his business endeavors and encouraging him to succeed. During this time, chicken production progressed from barnyard chickens to hothouse chickens, and Lovette was an early adopter of this farming innova-tion. In 1928, he built one of the first hothouse chicken houses on his farm, with capacity for 250 birds. A portion of that chicken house is now on display at the Wilkes Heritage Museum. Hothouse chicken farming increased rapidly in western Wilkes in the 1930s and 1940s. During World War II, proc-essing plants were built in the major cities on the East Coast to supply the war effort, and live chickens were de-livered to these plants from Wilkes by Mr. Lovette’s trucks. In 1946, Mr. Lovette sold his live chicken business to his oldest son, C. Fred Lovette. However, Charlie contin-ued to run a smaller farm-raised food products business and started Lovette Egg Company in North Wilkesboro with his partner, J.C. Bumgarner. Fifteen years later, Fred Lovette consolidated all the chicken and egg operations to form Holly Farms Poul-try Industries. During the 1970s, Holly Farms Poultry Industries became the largest chicken company in the world, with chicken operations in North Caro-lina, Virginia, Maryland, and Texas. Additionally, it was the first chicken brand nationally distributed in the United States. Not only was Mr. Lovette a smart businessman with a strong work ethic, he was also known for his good char-acter. If profits were higher than ex-pected, he passed on extra earnings to his suppliers. He was an adored father of seven who, alongside Ruth, instilled values of faith into the Lovette family, and he was an active member of Pleas-ant Home Baptist Church. Charlie and Ruth were a team in every endeavor and extended their business success not just to their children, but also to their siblings and many nieces and nephews who lived on the farm and worked at Lovette Poultry Company. The Wilkes farming community has been the beneficiary of Mr. Lovette’s courage to take risks and his deter-mination to succeed. In 1989, Holly Farms was acquired by Tyson Foods, and in Wilkes, the industry still gen-erates more than $300 million in gross annual revenue, employs 3,300 people, and supports 200 family farms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Dec 10, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.004 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9772 December 10, 2018 
With a lot of hard work and limited means, Mr. Lovette became a pioneer of the poultry industry, and his legacy is enshrined in the Wilkes community. He is an example for us all of the end-less possibilities in our country and what the seeds of big dreams, with the support and collaboration of family and community, can grow into. 
f 
HONORING MUNFORD HIGH SCHOOL BAND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the stu-dents of the Munford High School marching band. About 265 students from Tipton County, Tennessee, will represent Munford High School in the Tour-nament of Roses Parade. This annual tradition takes place each year in Pasadena, California, on New Year’s Day. It is a distinct honor to be invited to march in the Tournament of Roses Parade, with only five bands from across the Nation receiving an invita-tion each year. Munford High School will be the only band from the mid- South area selected for this event. This talented group of students, led by Dr. Courtney Fee and director Barry Trobaugh, will be proudly representing not only Munford High School but the entire State of Tennessee. They have made our community proud. To the students: You have worked really long and hard hours for this day to come. I hope you take in each and every moment of this incredible oppor-tunity in Pasadena. May you remember this moment and this honor for many years to come. Best of luck, Cougars. Tennessee is really proud of you. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT JOHN WHITE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant John White on his service to both our Nation and the city of Savannah. Lieutenant White served as a United States Marine in the Pacific theater during World War II. There, he became part of the 51st Defense Battalion, the first African American combat unit. When he returned from war, he was re-cruited by Chief James Roger to join the Savannah Police Department. On May 3, 1947, Lieutenant White became the first African American officer in the State of Georgia, where he contin-ued to serve for 38 years. He is now the last surviving member of the original nine Black police officers who joined the Savannah Police Department. I want to thank Lieutenant John White for his monumental service, which paved the way for other African Americans to go to work each day and serve their communities in the State of Georgia. HONORING THE LIFE OF DR . HENRY HERBERT  
COBB, III 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the life of Dr. Henry Herbert ‘‘Nubbin’’ Cobb, a pharmacist in Athens, Georgia, who passed away on November 20, 2018, at the age of 72. Dr. Cobb wore many hats throughout his life as a pharmacist, serving our Nation and the State of Georgia alike. First, Dr. Cobb joined the United States Air Force for 5 years as chief pharmacist, serving abroad in places like the Philippines. Upon his return, he completed a master’s degree and a Ph.D. degree from the University of Georgia College of Pharmacy. From there, he taught college students, worked with St. Mary’s Hospital for 44 years, and practiced as a nursing home pharmacist. His expertise and dedica-tion will be missed in the pharmacy profession and at the University of Georgia. As a former student of Dr. Cobb’s, I can attest to his dedication to our great profession. His family and friends will be in my thoughts and prayers. 
HONORING BILL BROWN ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Mr. Bill Brown as he celebrated his 100th birth-day on December 3. Born and raised in Brunswick, Geor-gia, Mr. Brown is a stalwart of the community. After 100 years, though, he is not only a stalwart, but he has also made a significant impact on the com-munity’s development and countless individuals’ lives. During World War II, Mr. Brown joined the shipyards on the Brunswick River to build Liberty ships for the war effort. When the war was over, he em-barked on a 60-year career selling real estate in the area. During this time, he had a firsthand perspective of Bruns-wick’s growth. Although these are only a few of the many ways he served his community throughout his life, one of his most im-portant may be that he rarely misses being in his pew at the First United Methodist Church. I am glad to see the hundreds of people who came to Mr. B
ROWN ’s birthday, each with well wish-es and lots of thanks for Mr. B
ROWN  and how he helped them along the way. Mr. Brown, happy birthday. 
HONORING BRUNSWICK PILOT JOHN BEIMLER , AP-
PRENTICE PILOT GORDON STROTHER , JR., AND 
CAPTAIN DANNY JONES  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Captain Danny Jones, pilot John Beimler, and apprentice Gordon Strother, Jr., for rescuing a man in danger at sea near the Saint Simons Island pier on No-vember 19. The crew and their boat, the Glynn, were approaching the pier when they noticed a crowd pointing to a person floating in the water. The crew spotted the unresponsive man and acted swift-ly, pulling him onto the boat, applying first aid, and covering him in warm blankets. This is truly a heroic event, and I couldn’t be more proud of the actions of these individuals in the First Con-gressional District of Georgia. In addition, thank you to the Glynn County Fire Department, Glynn Coun-ty Police Department, and EMTs, who also assisted in saving the individual’s life. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. I
SSA) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear Lord, we give You thanks for giving us another day. At the beginning of a new workweek, we use this moment to be reminded of Your presence and to tap the resources needed by the Members of this people’s House to do their work as well as it can be done. May they be led by Your spirit in the decisions they make. May they possess Your power as they steady themselves amid the pressures of persistent prob-lems. May their faith in You deliver them from tensions that make fruitful legis-lative work difficult and from worries that might wear them out. All this day, and through the week, may they do their best to find solu-tions to pressing issues facing our Na-tion. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Dec 10, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.006 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9773 December 10, 2018 
HONORING CAPTAIN JAHMAR RESILARD, USMC (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an Amer-ican patriot and fallen hero, Captain Jahmar Resilard, who was killed in a midair collision off the Japanese coast just a few days ago. A native of Miramar, Florida, Jahmar found a love for flying at a young age as he pursued opportunities with the local Civil Air Patrol. After his graduation from college, Jahmar began to consider a higher calling, and when given the oppor-tunity to serve his country and pursue his passion for flying, his career as a Marine aviator took off. Upon securing his commission, Cap-tain Resilard was assigned to the Ma-rine All-Weather Fighter Attack Squadron 242, where he flew the F/A18 Hornet and worked tirelessly to defend the freedoms that we as Americans hold dear. Mr. Speaker, as the stepmother to Marine aviators who flew the F/A18 Hornet in Iraq, I am familiar with the courage and resolve that is required to dedicate one’s life to our country, and Captain Resilard did just that. My heart goes out to his family and his friends. To our hero, I say rest easy in the skies above. Semper Fi, Captain. 
f 
CONDEMNING HEZBOLLAH’S TUNNELING ATTACKS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, the ongoing malicious and provocative construction by Hezbollah of attack tunnels along the Israeli northern border have intensified. This puts innocent lives in critical danger, requiring Israel to destroy the tunnels located on Israeli territory. The world should condemn Hezbollah, a mur-derous terrorist organization, for infil-tration designed to kidnap Israeli citi-zens. The message of National Security Advisor John Bolton is clear to ‘‘call on Hezbollah to stop its tunneling into Israel.’’ This major aggression by the Ira-nian-backed terrorists has also moved the Trump administration to impose greater sanctions on the terrorist group and to encourage all nations to stand up against the Iranian malign be-havior. The Hezbollah attack tunnels are a blatant violation of Israeli sovereignty and a violation of U.N. Security Coun-cil Resolutions 1559 and 1701, which call for the disarmament of all nonstate militias and a verified demilitarized zone in southern Lebanon. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may we never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
HONORING TYNDALL AIR FORCE BASE (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the airmen of Tyndall Air Force Base on a special date. Today marks exactly 2 months since Tyndall took a direct hit from Hurricane Mi-chael, a devastating category 4.9 storm that damaged more than 90 percent of the structures on the air base. I salute the tremendous efforts of the Tyndall Air Force community and the surrounding civilian community for their recovery efforts. It is the remark-able work of the base leadership and all of the airmen of Tyndall that enabled this base and its elementary school to reopen ahead of schedule today. The men and women of Tyndall have shown great courage and determina-tion in a time of extreme adversity. It is my great honor and pleasure to rep-resent Tyndall Air Force Base, and I commend the work that they are doing day in and day out to rebuild this base stronger and better than ever. 
f 
HONORING KRISANN PEARCE (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Krisann Pearce, who will leave the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee at the end of this Congress after many years of outstanding service. Krisann began her career as a teach-er. She brought those lessons with her to Capitol Hill, where she began her work in education policy on the staff of her home State Senator, Nancy Kasse-baum. While she has thrived in other oppor-tunities along the way, her main home has been with us, the best committee in the House, where she has served as general counsel since 2011. Krisann has played a major role in every piece of education legislation over the past two decades. She is also one of a very few talented professionals whose counsel has informed both edu-cation and workforce policy. Krisann is renowned for her fierce de-votion to students, the parliamentary process, and her beloved Kansas Jayhawks. We are grateful to her hus-band, Evan, and her sons, Carson and Nolan, for all the years of long days and late nights they have shared Krisann with all of us, and we wish her the very best. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 6, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 6, 2018, at 1:28 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2679. That the Senate passed S. 3561. That the Senate agreed to without an amendment H.J. Res. 143. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 1417. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 1861. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 3398. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 4111. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 5238. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 6330. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill and joint resolution were signed by the Speaker on Thursday, December 6, 2018: H.R. 754, to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recogni-tion of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East; H.J. Res. 143, making further con-tinuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 10, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on De-cember 10, 2018, at 10:24 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 7. That the Senate passed S. 1942. That the Senate passed S. 2276. That the Senate passed S. 2343. That the Senate passed S. 2597. That the Senate passed S. 3119. That the Senate passed without an amend-ment H.R. 315. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 2454. That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 5075. Appointments: Cyberspace Solarium Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Dec 10, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.008 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9774 December 10, 2018 
With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1530 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ) at 3 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
BIG BEAR LAND EXCHANGE ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5513) to provide for an ex-change of lands with San Bernardino County, California, to enhance man-agement of lands within the San Bernardino National Forest, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5513 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Big Bear Land Exchange Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means the County of San Bernardino, California. (2) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the approximately 73 acres of Federal land administered by the Forest Service gen-erally depicted as ‘‘Federal Land Proposed for Exchange’’ on the Map. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non-Fed-eral land’’ means the approximately 71 acres owned by the County generally depicted as ‘‘Non-Federal Land Proposed for Exchange’’ on the Map. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (5) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map ti-tled ‘‘Big Bear Land Exchange’’ and dated Au-gust 6, 2018. 
SEC. 3. EXCHANGE OF LAND; EQUALIZATION OF VALUE. 
(a) E XCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—Subject to valid existing rights and the terms of this Act, no later than one year after the date that the por-tion of the Pacific Crest National Scenic Trail is relocated in accordance with subsection (h), if the County offers to convey the non-Federal land to the United States, the Secretary shall— (1) convey to the County all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Fed-eral land; and (2) accept from the County a conveyance of all right, title, and interest of the County in and to the non-Federal land. (b) EQUAL VALUE AND CASHEQUALIZATION .— (1) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .—The land ex-change under this section shall be for equal value, or the values shall be equalized by a cash payment as provided for under this subsection or an adjustment in acreage. At the option of the County, any excess value of the non-Federal lands may be considered a gift to the United States. (2) C
ASH EQUALIZATION PAYMENT .—The Coun-ty may equalize the values of the lands to be ex-changed under this section by cash payment without regard to any statutory limit on the amount of such a cash equalization payment. (3) D
EPOSIT AND USE OF FUNDS RECEIVED FROM  
COUNTY .—Any cash equalization payment re-ceived by the Secretary under this subsection shall be deposited in the fund established under Public Law 90–171 (16 U.S.C. 484a; commonly known as the Sisk Act). The funds so deposited shall remain available to the Secretary, until ex-pended, for the acquisition of lands, waters, and interests in land for the San Bernardino Na-tional Forest. (c) A
PPRAISAL .—The Secretary shall complete an appraisal of the land to be exchanged under subsection (a) in accordance with— (1) the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Fed-eral Land Acquisitions; and (2) the Uniform Standards of Professional Ap-praisal Practice. (d) T
ITLE APPROVAL .—Title to the land to be exchanged under this Act shall be in a format acceptable to the Secretary and the County. (e) S
URVEY OF NON-FEDERAL LANDS.—Before completing the exchange under this Act, the Secretary shall inspect the non-Federal lands to ensure that the land meets Federal standards, including hazardous materials and land line surveys. (f) C
OSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—As a condition of conveyance, any costs related to the exchange under this section shall be paid by the County. (g) M
ANAGEMENT OF ACQUIRED LANDS.—The Secretary shall manage the non-Federal land acquired under this section in accordance with the Act of March 1, 1911 (16 U.S.C. 480 et seq.; commonly known as the Weeks Act), and other laws and regulations pertaining to National Forest System lands. (h) P
ACIFIC CREST NATIONAL SCENIC TRAIL R
ELOCATION .—No later than three years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in accordance with applicable laws, shall relo-cate the portion of the Pacific Crest National Scenic Trail located on the Federal land to— (1) adjacent National Forest System land; (2) land owned by the County, subject to County approval; (3) land within the Federal land, subject to County approval; or (4) a combination of paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). (i) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .—As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall finalize a map and legal descriptions of all land to be conveyed under this Act. The Secretary may correct any minor errors in the map or in the legal descrip-tions. The map and legal descriptions shall be on file and available for public inspection in ap-propriate offices of the Forest Service. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. COOK), the sponsor of this piece of leg-islation, to explain why we should ac-tually deal with this particular piece. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
ISHOP for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a few minutes to talk about my bill, H.R. 5513, the Big Bear Land Exchange Act. This bill would authorize a land ex-change of approximately 71 acres of land in the San Bernardino National Forest for approximately 73 acres of land currently owned by San Bernardino County. This land would be used by the coun-ty to build a timber processing facility that would serve the mountain commu-nities. Currently, trees and other forest waste are driven down the mountain through a narrow and winding pass to a processing facility in the valley, re-sulting in increased traffic congestion, significant wear and tear on mountain roads, and numerous traffic accidents. This has been exacerbated this week. We had quite a bit of snow, and, once again, it was very, very treacherous. Safety is always a problem on these mountain roads. This land exchange would require the relocation of a small portion of the Pa-cific Crest Trail. I have worked closely with the Pacific Crest Trail Associa-tion to include language ensuring that the relocation would include environ-mental review and will occur before the exchange takes place. This land exchange has virtually unanimous local support, including the city of Big Bear Lake, the Friends of Big Bear Valley, the Big Bear Fire De-partment, the Big Bear City Commu-nity Services Department, the Big Bear Municipal Water District, the Bear Valley Community Healthcare Dis-trict, the Big Bear Chamber of Com-merce, and the local Big Bear Group chapter of the Sierra Club. We haven’t heard from the local bear associations at all. That is a bad joke. It passed out of the House Natural Resources Com-mittee on a unanimous vote. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5513. This bill authorizes an equal value land exchange between the U.S. Forest Service and San Bernardino County. The exchange would allow the county to build a resource conservation and recovery facility adjacent to the cur-rent transfer station. The Forest Serv-ice would receive an undeveloped par-cel currently surrounded by the San Bernardino National Forest. H.R. 5513 is supported by the nearby city of Big Bear, by the Friends of Big 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.003 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9775 December 10, 2018 
Bear Valley, and by the local chapter of the Sierra Club. I thank my colleague, Representative C
OOK, for working to address some of our concerns with earlier drafts of this bill. Thanks to his efforts, we have en-sured this exchange will be subject to existing law, that it will preserve crit-ical and occupied habitat for endan-gered species, and that the exchange will have minimal impacts on the Pa-cific Crest National Scenic Trail. H.R. 5513 demonstrates how a col-laborative process can meet the inter-ests of local stakeholders, while pro-tecting the integrity of our environ-ment and public lands. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this is a perfect exam-ple of how to do something well. I com-mend Congressman C
OOKfor listening to his local constituents, trying to get their input, and getting a bill that has total local support. It is the way things should be done, solving a problem for both the Forest Service, as well as San Bernardino County. Not only will the Forest Service get a small parcel of land which solves the problem of in-holdings within their property, but San Bernardino County gets the ability of solving significant problems they have in the area of pub-lic safety. This is one of those things that is a win-win situation: a win-win situation which actually provides safe-ty, as well as the changing of that trail, if absolutely necessary, but that has to be worked out before any of this is concluded. The bottom line here is that we have realized there is a significant problem, we have recognized this is a significant problem, and, by working with local communities to get their input trying to come up with a locally-driven solu-tion to that problem, this is the way government should operate. Unfortu-nately, it doesn’t operate that way all the time, but Congressman C
OOK has worked very hard to make sure that this is one of those positive efforts. This bill is one of those things that is a win for all of us. Mr. Speaker, I heartily ask my col-leagues to vote in favor of this, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5513, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PRESERVING AMERICA’S BATTLEFIELDS ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6108) to provide for partner-ships among State and local govern-ments, regional entities, and the pri-vate sector to preserve, conserve, and enhance the visitor experience at na-tionally significant battlefields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6108 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preserving America’s Battlefields Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CIVIL WAR BATTLEFIELD PRESERVATION ACT OF 2002. 
Section 2 of the Civil War Battlefield Pres-ervation Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–359) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 2. FINDINGS AND PURPOSES. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) Battlefields of the American Revolu-tion, War of 1812 and the Civil War— ‘‘(A) provide a means for the people of the United States to understand our Nation’s turbulent first century; ‘‘(B) serve as living memorials to those who fought and sacrificed in these conflicts to establish and maintain our freedom and liberty; ‘‘(C) serve as training grounds for our Na-tion’s Armed Forces; and ‘‘(D) serve as heritage tourism destina-tions, generating revenue for local econo-mies. ‘‘(2) According to the Report on the Na-tion’s Civil War Battlefields, prepared by the National Park Service and updated in 2010, of the 383 Civil War battlefields identified as national preservation priorities— ‘‘(A) only at 31 battlefields is more than half of the surviving landscape permanently protected; ‘‘(B) at 227 battlefields, less than half of the surviving landscape is permanently pro-tected; ‘‘(C) 65 battlefields have no protection at all; and ‘‘(D) 113 battlefields have been severely hampered by development since the Civil War or are on the verge of being over-whelmed. ‘‘(3) According to the 2007 Report to Con-gress on the Historic Preservation of Revolu-tionary War and War of 1812 Sites in the United States, prepared by the National Park Service, of the 243 principal Revolu-tionary War and War of 1812 battlefields identified as national preservation prior-ities— ‘‘(A) almost 70 percent lie within urban areas as denoted in the 2000 U.S. Census; ‘‘(B) 141 are lost or extremely fragmented, with residential and commercial develop-ment being the chief threats; ‘‘(C) 100 other battlefields retain signifi-cant features and lands from the period of battle, although on average these battle-fields retain only 37 percent of the original historic scene; ‘‘(D) of these 100 surviving but diminished battle landscapes, 82 are partially owned and protected by public and nonprofit stewards, although the extent of that protection varies from site to site; ‘‘(E) 18 are without any legal protection; ‘‘(F) the condition of two battlefields is un-known, with additional research and survey being required to determine their exact loca-tion and condition; and ‘‘(G) the paucity of existing battlefield landscapes necessitates preservation and maintenance of what precious little remains today. ‘‘(b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this Act are— ‘‘(1) to act quickly and proactively to pre-serve and protect nationally significant bat-tlefields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War through conservation easements and fee-simple purchases of those battlefields from willing sellers; and ‘‘(2) to create partnerships among State and local governments, regional entities, and the private sector to preserve, conserve, and enhance the visitor experience at nationally significant battlefields of the American Rev-olution, War of 1812, and Civil War.’’. 
SEC. 3. PRESERVATION ASSISTANCE. 
Section 308103(f) of title 54, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to provide grants under this sec-tion $15,000,000 for each fiscal year through 2025, of which not more than 10 percent may be used each fiscal year as follows: ‘‘(1) Not more than $1,000,000 for projects and programs that modernize battlefield in-terpretive and educational assets through the deployment of technology, disbursed through the competitive grant process to non-profit organizations. ‘‘(2) Not more than $1,000,000 for grants to organizations described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and ex-empt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code to be used for projects that restore day-of-battle conditions on land preserved through Battlefield Land Acquisition Grant Program funds.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE), the sponsor of this excellent piece of legislation that protects our heritage and our battlefields. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the opportunity to speak on behalf of my bill, H.R. 6108, the Preserving Amer-ica’s Battlefields Act. Mr. Speaker, the American Battle-field Protection Program was first au-thorized in 1996 by Congress in order to promote and protect significant Amer-ican battlefield sites, as well as to pro-vide an educational platform for cur-rent and future generations of Ameri-cans. Since the inception of this pro-gram, Battlefield Land Acquisition Grants have been used extensively to preserve portions of dozens of battle-field sites that have played a signifi-cant role in the American Revolution, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.013 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9776 December 10, 2018 
the War of 1812, and the American Civil War. These dollar-for-dollar matching land grants have saved more than 30,000 acres of battlefields across 20 States. Just this past year, in my own district, this program assisted in securing 180 acres of battlegrounds surrounding the site of Kettle Creek Battlefield, which is the site of the only significant pa-triot victory in Georgia during the Revolutionary War. This bill would reauthorize the suc-cessful bipartisan Federal grant pro-grams, and would dedicate a portion of that authorization for educational pur-poses and for the restoration and inter-pretation of high-priority battlefield sites. This will help make these battle-grounds beautiful, historic, and edu-cational tourist destinations. This pro-gram has been one of the most success-ful and efficient land grant programs in our Nation’s history, continually re-ceiving bipartisan support. Both former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama supported the program’s authorization and subsequent reau-thorizations, respectively. I am very proud to say that this bill has contin-ued in that rich tradition of bipartisan support here in the 115th Congress. With the 250th anniversary of our Na-tion’s founding fast approaching, there is no better time to protect our battle-fields and prepare them for the influx of visitors expected during that time. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
ISHOP , the minority, our hardworking Natural Resources Committee staff, and the American Battlefield Trust for helping us get this bill across the finish line. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6108, which authorizes additional fund-ing for the Battlefield Acquisition Grant Program. This program has a long track record of efficiently and cost-effectively pre-serving battlefield sites from the American Revolution, the Civil War, and the War of 1812. By utilizing public-private funding matches, through which Federal con-tributions are leveraged with private sector funds, the program maximizes the preservation impact of every dollar spent. It is critical that we extend this grant matching program because many of these historic battlefield sites lack permanent protection and are under threat from encroaching development. If we don’t act swiftly, we could soon lose access to sites of significant his-torical importance. By extending additional funding to this program, and by allowing a por-tion of this new funding to go towards educational and interpretive upgrades at these sites, we ensure that future generations of Americans will always remember the sacrifices made to pre-serve our Nation. Unfortunately, I worry that this leg-islation, as important as it is for pre-serving our Nation’s history, rings somewhat hollow. We need to recognize that the grant program H.R. 6108 extends is funded through the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund, which expired in September for the second time this Congress. At our committee’s hearing on H.R. 6108, our distinguished witness from the American Battlefield Trust recog-nized that this proposal doesn’t hold water unless LWCF is reauthorized. Mr. Speaker, while I rise in support of H.R. 6108, I also urge my colleagues to support the permanent reauthoriza-tion of LWCF. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this is one of those bills that makes an old history teacher’s heart fill with joy. It is one of the right things to do. We are talking about areas that are living memorials to the heroism and to the sacrifice of those people who made this country what it is. This bill is about preserving our his-tory, helping us know, understand, and retain the story of who we are as a na-tion, and also how we arrived there as a nation. All of that is significant. It is significant in that it will reau-thorize the program through 2025, it is significant because it also will reau-thorize an authorization level, which is, in practicality, what we have avail-able to spend on this particular pro-gram, but, more importantly, it also involves the private sector becoming involved in this. Indeed, if our history is to be maintained, it is not going to be done simply by the government mandating it. We have to involve the private sector to become part of under-standing why these areas are signifi-cant and what is the lesson to be learned there. Not only will his bill talk about ac-quisition of land for these battlefield areas, but also about how we restore this land to the way it was at the time that history was being made on these properties, and, more importantly, how do we improve the education resources. So the story of what we are as a Na-tion, the story of what this specific site meant as we become a unified Nation as we move forward, that is retained and passed on from generation to gen-eration. That is a significant issue and is a significant process. b1545 Mr. Speaker, I commend the gen-tleman from Georgia for his commit-ment to understanding how important battlefields are to the history of this country and how important it is that that history is passed on to future gen-erations. That is why this is a signifi-cant program that needs to go forward. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this par-ticular legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6108, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GEORGE W. BUSH CHILDHOOD HOME STUDY ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3008) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3008 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘George W. Bush Childhood Home Study Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SPECIAL RESOURCE STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of the Interior shall conduct a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘site’’). (b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the site; (2) determine the suitability and feasi-bility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park System; (3) consider other alternatives for preserva-tion, protection, and interpretation of the site by Federal, State, or local governmental entities, or private and nonprofit organiza-tions; (4) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations or any other inter-ested individuals; (5) determine the effect of the designation of the site as a unit of the National Park System on existing commercial and rec-reational uses, and the effect on State and local governments to manage those activi-ties; (6) identify any authorities, including con-demnation, that will compel or permit the Secretary to influence or participate in local land use decisions (such as zoning) or place restrictions on non-Federal land if the site is designated a unit of the National Park Sys-tem; and (7) identify cost estimates for any Federal acquisition, development, interpretation, op-eration, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. (c) A
PPLICABLE LAW.—The study required under subsection (a) shall be conducted in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (d) S
TUDY RESULTS .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available for the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the re-sults of the study and any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.015 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9777 December 10, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ON-
AWAY ), the sponsor of this bill, to ex-plain the significance of this study. Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time and bringing this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, as the title says, this bill authorizes the National Park Serv-ice to study the feasibility of main-taining the George W. Bush Childhood Home. It has already undergone a re-connaissance study, which says that the Service does believe that it meets these criteria, but this will be the final piece in that process. Mr. Speaker, last week, our Nation honored, mourned, and celebrated the life of George H.W. Bush, as we should. As a part of that, I think it is really timely that, this week, we have an op-portunity to further that memorializa-tion of the Bush family by pushing the National Park Service further in its re-sponsibilities to maintain this home. We are reminded, as of last week, of the importance of preserving the visual imprints of our past for the benefit of our future. The Bush family is the epit-ome of the American Dream. They not only worked hard and achieved success, but built on their accomplishments and devoted their entire lives to public service. Personal success means noth-ing, Mr. Speaker, without the initia-tive to give back. The George W. Bush Childhood Home serves to educate its visitors and cele-brate the strong work ethic and earned west Texas grit of the Bush legacy, of the home that tells the story of two Presidents, two Governors, and a re-markable First Lady. It was in this home that George H.W. Bush and Barbara jump-started their lives to west Texas, his career in the oil and gas business, and raised George W. Bush through the formative years of his childhood. This home was the backdrop for the quiet beginnings of a young family that found themselves moving West, like so many families before them, seeking their own opportunities and a path through life. Mr. Speaker, there are currently no National Park Service units relating to the George W. Bush childhood, career, or Presidency located within the Per-mian Basin or lower Panhandle region of Texas. I can think of no better first addition to the system than a struc-ture that celebrates the Bush family, the pride of west Texas. Although the site is currently open to the public, oversight by the Na-tional Park Service will ensure that it is maintained and gives many more Americans access to the site to be in-spired by one of America’s and Mid-land’s premier families. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home to determine the significance of the site and the feasi-bility of designating it as a unit of the National Park Service. The home in Midland, Texas, is where George W. Bush lived for 4 years between the ages of 5 and 9, and not coincidentally, it is also where George H.W. Bush lived at the beginning of his political career. The structure is listed in the Na-tional Register of Historic Places and currently operates as a museum. I sup-port the proposed study to consider designating this site a unit of the Na-tional Park Service and determine the appropriate management to ensure its preservation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, once again, we have a situation here where there is already a museum that is run by a nonprofit en-tity in this area. What is being asked here is for a study to be done by the National Park Service to find the sig-nificance of including this as part of the National Park Service’s portfolio of properties. It is fitting that we try to do this, for, indeed, in American history, there have been only two times when there has been both a father and a son who have served as President of the United States, once with the Adams and now with the Bushes. So having a home where they, as well as the future Governor of Florida, ac-tually resided is one of those things that clearly is a unique sense of his-tory. It is a unique property that pro-vides that sense of history. So for a study to be done on whether it should be added to the National Park Service repertoire of sites is a proper thing to do. Mr. Speaker, I commend Congress-man C
ONAWAY ’s efforts to recognize and honor two of our country’s Presi-dents, and I urge my colleagues, once again, to adopt this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3008. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. f 
AMERICAN WORLD WAR II HERIT-AGE CITY ANNUAL DESIGNA-TIONS Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6118) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6118 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. AMERICAN WORLD WAR II HERITAGE CITIES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—In order to recognize and ensure the continued preservation and im-portance of the history of the United States involvement in World War II, each calendar year the Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may designate not less than one city located in one of the several States or a territory of the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’. Not more than one city in each State or territory may be designated under this section. (b) A
PPLICATION FOR DESIGNATION .—The Secretary shall— (1) establish and publicize the process by which a city may apply for designation as an American World War II Heritage City based on the criteria in subsection (c); and (2) encourage cities to apply for designa-tion as an American World War II Heritage City. (c) C
RITERIA FOR DESIGNATION .—The Sec- retary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution or the President of the National Trust for Historic Preserva-tion, shall make each designation under sub-section (a) based on the following criteria: (1) Contributions by a city and its environs to the World War II home-front war effort, including contributions related to— (A) defense manufacturing, such as ships, aircraft, uniforms, and equipment; (B) production of foodstuffs and consumer items for Armed Forces and home consump-tion; (C) war bond drives; (D) adaptations to wartime survival; (E) volunteer participation; (F) civil defense preparedness; (G) personnel serving in the Armed Forces, their achievements, and facilities for their rest and recreation; or (H) the presence of Armed Forces camps, bases, airfields, harbors, repair facilities, and other installations within or in its environs. (2) Achievements by a city and its environs to preserve the heritage and legacy of the city’s contributions to the war effort and to preserve World War II history, including— (A) the identification, preservation, res-toration, and interpretation of World War II- related structures, facilities and sites; (B) establishment of museums, parks, and markers; (C) establishment of memorials to area men who lost their lives in service; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.018 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9778 December 10, 2018 
(D) organizing groups of veterans and home-front workers and their recognition; (E) presentation of cultural events such as dances, plays, and lectures; (F) public relations outreach through the print and electronic media, and books; and (G) recognition and ceremonies remem-bering wartime event anniversaries. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ), the sponsor of this piece of legislation. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, our coun-try has been and continues to be the greatest force for good known to man-kind. The men and women of our mili-tary have played a central role in this virtuous effort. There was no greater time of difficulty and challenge that tested this notion more than during World War II. H.R. 6118 provides a way to honor the major contributions made by our cities during World War II by granting the Secretary of the Interior the ability to designate one city each year as a World War II heritage city, provided that city meets the criteria for recognition out-lined in the legislation. As many from the Greatest Genera-tion know, World War II required a na-tionwide effort to assist with the many components of war production. Yet, there are many all across this great land who do not know that cities from across the Nation stepped up in a major way to assist with defense manu-facturing and the production of food, clothing, and other necessary goods. No one can attest to these efforts better than Captain Wilbur D. Jones of Wilmington, North Carolina. Captain Jones is retired from the U.S. Navy, a distinguished author, an active vet-eran, and a war historian who has worked to preserve our States’ World War II history for the past two decades. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Captain Jones for his hard work and steadfast dedication to this cause. Without his leadership, the idea, introduction, and passage of this bill never would have come to fruition. This legislation will provide every city that contributed to the many he-roic World War II efforts an incentive to preserve that history, a great and noble undertaking so that all citizens will have a better understanding of our history and even more pride in our great heritage. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member of the com-mittee for their help with and accom-modation of this bill. I would also like to thank our State Legislature for their very active support and endorse-ment, the Wilmington City Council, and Mayor Bill Saffo. I also should mention the great work of Senator BURRand Senator T ILLIS on the other side of the Capitol for their help in get-ting this legislation passed so that, hopefully, it will be signed into law by the President in the next couple of weeks. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to honor the contributions and war efforts made by American cities during World War II, including the work by these cities to preserve this history. This bill honors the history of our Nation and enshrines the efforts made by American cities that were integral to our success in World War II. For example, Wilmington, North Carolina, constructed 243 cargo vessels, served as a base for all five military branches, hosted German prisoners of war, and dispatched thousands of sol-diers to fight. Current efforts to preserve this his-tory include landmarks such as the Battleship North Carolina and the Han-nah Block Historic USO Building. This will give the Secretary the authority to validate these contributions, along with those of countless other cities that contributed to the war effort. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative R
OUZER for his work on this bill, and I am happy to voice my support of it. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, during World War II, our cities built armaments; they had war bond drives; and they grew victory gardens. They did what they could to support our troops who were fighting abroad in a two-front war. It is significant and important that we recognize the efforts that went into that part of our history and also that we reward, in some way, the efforts to protect that history so that we will al-ways remember the sacrifices that were made by the Greatest Generation and recognize their efforts on the field of battle, as well as back home, to pre-serve that and support that. The past will not be forgotten. This part of our American history will be re-membered going forward. Mr. Speaker, this is a wonderful ef-fort to do that, to actually provide, once again, for the history of this country, for the symbols of this coun-try, for the future of this country, to remember how we got to the position in which we are. This bill authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to designate at least one city a year, each year, as an American World War II Heritage City. It is appro-priate that we go forward on this. Mr. Speaker, I fully support its ef-forts, and I urge the adoption of this bill by my colleagues. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6118, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to annually des-ignate at least one city in the United States as an ‘American World War II Heritage City’, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1600 OFFSHORE WIND FOR TERRITORIES ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6665) to amend the Outer Con-tinental Shelf Lands Act to apply to territories of the United States, to es-tablish offshore wind lease sale re-quirements, to provide dedicated fund-ing for coral reef conservation, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6665 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Offshore Wind for Territories Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPLICATION OF OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF LANDS ACT WITH RESPECT TO TERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331) is amended— (1) in paragraph (a)— (A) by inserting after ‘‘control’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘or lying within the exclusive eco-nomic zone of the United States and the outer Continental Shelf adjacent to any ter-ritory or possession of the United States’’; and (B) by adding at the end before the semi-colon the following: ‘‘, except that such term shall not include any area conveyed by Con-gress to a territorial government for admin-istration’’; (2) in paragraph (p), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (3) in paragraph (q), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(r) The term ‘State’ includes each terri-tory of the United States.’’. (b) E
XCLUSIONS .—Section 18 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1344) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) This section shall not apply to the scheduling of lease sales in the outer Conti-nental Shelf adjacent to the territories and possessions of the United States.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.007 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9779 December 10, 2018 
SEC. 3. DISPOSITION OF REVENUES WITH RE-SPECT TO TERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 9 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1338) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘All rentals’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in law, all rentals’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) D
ISPOSITION OF REVENUES TO TERRI-
TORIES OF THE UNITED STATES .—Of the rent-als, royalties, and other sums paid to the Secretary under this Act from a lease for an area of land on the outer Continental Shelf adjacent to a territory and lying within the exclusive economic zone of the United States pertaining to such territory, and not other-wise obligated or appropriated— ‘‘(1) 50 percent shall be deposited in the Treasury and credited to miscellaneous re-ceipts; ‘‘(2) 12.5 percent shall be deposited in the Coral Reef Conservation Fund established under section 211 of the Coral Reef Conserva-tion Act of 2000; and ‘‘(3) 37.5 percent shall be disbursed to terri-tories of the United States in an amount for each territory (based on a formula estab-lished by the Secretary by regulation) that is inversely proportional to the respective distance between the point on the coastline of the territory that is closest to the geo-graphic center of the applicable leased tract and the geographic center of the leased tract.’’. 
SEC. 4. WIND LEASE SALES FOR AREAS OF OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF. 
(a) C ONDITIONAL WINDLEASE SALES IN TER-
RITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES .—The Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 33. WIND LEASE SALES FOR AREAS OF OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may conduct wind lease sales on the outer Conti-nental Shelf. ‘‘(b) W
INDLEASE SALE PROCEDURE .—Any wind lease sale conducted under this section shall be considered a lease under section 8(p). ‘‘(c) W
INDLEASE SALES OFFCOASTS OF  T
ERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) S
TUDY ON FEASIBILITY OF CONDUCTING  
WIND LEASE SALES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-duct a study on the feasibility, including the technological and long-term economic feasi-bility, of conducting wind lease sales on an area of the outer Continental Shelf within the territorial jurisdiction of American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Is-lands, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands of the United States. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the study required in paragraph (A), the Sec-retary shall consult— ‘‘(i) the National Renewable Energy Lab-oratory of the Department of Energy; and ‘‘(ii) the Governor of each of American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Is-lands, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands of the United States. ‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—The study required in paragraph (A) shall be published in the Fed-eral Register for public comment for not fewer than 60 days. ‘‘(D) S
UBMISSION OF RESULTS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this section, the Secretary shall sub-mit the results of the study conducted under subparagraph (A) to: ‘‘(i) the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(iii) each of the delegates or resident commissioner to the House of Representa-tives from American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands of the United States, re-spectively. ‘‘(E) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The study re-quired under subparagraph (A) and results submitted under subparagraph (C) shall be made readily available on a public Govern-ment internet website. ‘‘(2) C
ALL FOR INFORMATION AND NOMINA -
TIONS .—The Secretary shall issue a call for information and nominations for proposed wind lease sales for areas determined to be feasible under the study conducted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) C
ONDITIONAL WIND LEASE SALES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each territory, the Secretary shall conduct not less than 1 wind lease sale on an area of the outer Conti-nental Shelf within the territorial jurisdic-tion of such territory that meets each of the following criteria: ‘‘(i) The study required under paragraph (1)(A) concluded that a wind lease sale on the area is feasible. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary has determined that the call for information has generated suffi-cient interest for the area. ‘‘(iii) The Secretary has consulted with the Secretary of Defense regarding such a sale. ‘‘(iv) The Secretary has consulted with the Governor of the territory regarding the suit-ability of the area for wind energy develop-ment. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—If no area of the outer Continental Shelf within the territorial ju-risdiction of a territory meets each of the criteria in clauses (i) through (iii) of sub-paragraph (A), the requirement under sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply to such terri-tory.’’. 
SEC. 5. ESTABLISHMENT OF CORAL REEF CON-SERVATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Coral Reef Conserva-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 211. CORAL REEF CONSERVATION FUND. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury the Coral Reef Conservation Fund, hereafter referred to as the Fund. ‘‘(b) D
EPOSITS .—For each fiscal year, there shall be deposited in the Fund the portion of such revenues due and payable to the United States under subsection (b)(2) of section 9 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1338). ‘‘(c) U
SES.—Amounts deposited in the Fund under this section and appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce under subsection (f) shall be used by the Secretary of Commerce to carry out the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6401 et seq.), with priority given to carrying out sections 204 and 206 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 6403 and 6405). ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts deposited in the Fund shall remain in the Fund until ap-propriated by Congress. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING .—The President shall in-clude with the proposed budget for the United States Government submitted to Congress for a fiscal year a comprehensive statement of deposits into the Fund during the previous fiscal year and estimated re-quirements during the following fiscal year for appropriations from the Fund. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated from the Fund to the Secretary of Commerce, an amount equal to the amount deposited in the Fund in the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(g) N
OLIMITATION .—Appropriations from the Fund pursuant to this section may be made without fiscal year limitation.’’. (b) R
ENAMING OF EXISTING FUND.—Section 205 of the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6404) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
CORAL REEF  
CONSERVATION FUND ’’ and inserting ‘‘ CORAL  
REEF PUBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘FUND’’ and inserting ‘‘P UBLIC -PRIVATE  P
ARTNERSHIP ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘, hereafter referred to as the Fund,’’; and (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Fund’’ and inserting ‘‘separate interest bearing ac-count’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I am going to read this part. From the whooshing in the western Pacific to the windswept waters of the Atlantic, a wonderful wealth of off-shore wind exists. While this wonderful resource weapon withstood the tests of time in Europe, we have waffled in our worldview on wind power. But worry not. With this worthy bill, we will warrant our Nation’s terri-tories—from Guam to Puerto Rico— will no longer be wasting their overwater reward and will be powered with the waterproof windmills. Now I have to stop because I did that for the staffer who wrote it. Obviously, I don’t do this kind of stuff, and I lost the bet. However, despite the alliteration that went there, this is still a good bill which will move us forward in energy production, especially in our terri-tories of the United States. With that, Mr. Speaker, I obviously urge my colleagues to support it and move us forward, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill provides a number of benefits for the territories of the United States: Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. It adds them to the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, allowing them to begin de-veloping offshore wind in their waters, a potentially crucial source of new clean energy for their residents. It sets up a system by which the territories receive a share of the revenue gen-erated by any new offshore wind devel-opment. Currently, our territories rely pri-marily on imported diesel for gener-ating electricity, putting them at high risk of supply disruptions and forcing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.012 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9780 December 10, 2018 
residents there to pay some of the highest electricity rates anywhere in the country, particularly when oil prices spike. As hurricanes and extreme weather events continue to challenge the en-ergy security of these territories, de-veloping offshore wind will make for more resilient communities, decrease dependency on fossil fuels, and poten-tially bring electricity prices down sig-nificantly. However, because the territories are currently not covered by the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, there is no legal mechanism for putting wind turbines in the waters off their coast-lines. This bill fixes this longstanding unfairness, offers them a share of any revenues generated by offshore wind, and also protects their coastlines by leaving them off of the offshore oil and gas leasing process. Additionally, some of the revenues generated by this bill are allocated to the Coral Reef Conservation Program, preserving, sustaining, and restoring the condition of coral reef ecosystems that, in many cases, are crucial for the environment and tourism economy of these same territories. H.R. 6665 is a commonsense bill for the growth and success of U.S. terri-tories and the environment, while also providing new sources of clean, carbon- free energy. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman could at least put some kind of rhyme in there. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N) to speak on this par-ticular bill. Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the honorable Delegate from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) for taking this initiative to present H.R. 6665, and Chairman B
ISHOP  and Ranking Member G
RIJALVA for having moved this legislation to con-tinue to extend equal treatment to the American community of citizens in the territories. It has been a privilege to join in on bipartisan proposals for applying, uni-formly, the Federal laws for the benefit of the people of our territories. Equal treatment for all American commu-nities is a goal that should be shared by all in this Congress, and we will continue to seek it. America’s continued prosperity re-quires a modernized energy system that makes the best use of all the do-mestic resources available, including expanding use of wind in our domestic waters. Puerto Rico has directly experienced the need to have better energy infra-structure in place. Today, only 2 per-cent of our energy in Puerto Rico comes just from renewable sources. Our plans for long-term recovery of our electric grid include a much higher re-liance on renewable energy to reduce environmental impact and increase ef-ficiency. Since, today, many of the territories rely on expensive diesel- or fuel oil- generation systems, an integration of greater diversity of generating sources will provide them greater flexibility in their development plans. At the same time, however, this up-grade on our generation’s sources should be conducted in each jurisdic-tion based on its technical, economic, and environmental viability and rely more on private investment participa-tion instead of taxpayer funding. This legislation will direct the De-partment of the Interior to study what is the viability of Continental Shelf wind resources off the shore of the ter-ritories. If the result is positive, then the Department of the Interior will ini-tiate the process of auctioning the leasing rights for such projects on the same basis as for the waters outside the States. If such development pro-ceeds, 2.5 percent of the revenues col-lected will be reserved for coral reef protection and 37.5 percent for the re-spective territory for environmental remediation uses. This way is the better way to develop energy resources and provide, also, funding for the territories to take their own measures for securing better envi-ronmental conditions. I expect the House will support this effort to bring uniform treatment to all jurisdictions under the American flag in an impor-tant area of policy, which is energy, and open up investment and develop-ment opportunities to all of us. Once again, I want to thank my col-league from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ) and the chairman of the committee for having this bill, and, of course, for their support and legacy on behalf of equal treatment for Puerto Rico and the territories. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to come speak in support of this legis-lation. I think this is important legislation to ensure that our territories can share in the revenues from offshore energy production. I believe the States and I believe the territories should share in that revenue production. Mr. Speaker, I think there is an im-portant discussion for us to be having here. Yes, as the gentleman from Ari-zona noted, this will be contributing to our Nation’s energy production, which is a good thing. It is generating a rev-enue stream based on market forces, which is a good thing, and it does, Mr. Speaker, return a portion of the reve-nues back to the territories or the ad-jacent host’s entity of this energy pro-duction, and it invests dollars in con-servation. Now, to contrast, Mr. Speaker, the majority of the energy in the United States is derived from oil and gas. That is how the majority of this Nation’s economy is powered. There are a handful of States that provide that energy. For example, as this bill pertains only to offshore in Federal waters, in the offshore you have the State of Alaska represented by our dean. You have the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana—my home State—Texas, and, Mr. Speaker, the State of California. Those are all States that produce offshore energy. You have a lot of States that are pro-ducing onshore energy with the shale revolution in Texas, in the Dakotas, in Pennsylvania, in Ohio, in Louisiana and other areas. We are producing on-shore production as well. Once again, this is fueling our Nation’s economy, and all 50 States are benefiting from this. But, Mr. Speaker, going back to the offshore, we provided about $200 billion from energy production in the offshore to the United States Treasury. With this bill, on the first dollar of energy produced in the Federal offshore from wind energy in the territories, a por-tion of it is going to be shared with the territory and going to be shared for conservation activities. Yet the dis-parity, or the opposite, happens for on-shore. For onshore energy, what they do is they take the initial dollars and they put it toward conservation, land con-servation in other States—not where this energy is produced, but in other States. The gentleman from Arizona even noted that there are impacts from off-shore energy production. I agree with him; there are impacts. Most of them have been historic impacts. But for us to take this revenue stream and put it toward other States and not where this energy is produced, when you are talking about $200 bil-lion, Mr. Speaker, that is wrong. That is why we have introduced H.R. 6771. Mr. Speaker, that bill passed the House Natural Resources Committee unanimously by a voice vote, and I want to thank the gentleman from Ari-zona and many other Members for working with us on this legislation. It was a bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I want to engage the chairman in a colloquy. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6771 shares reve-nues from offshore energy production with States. It increases the revenue sharing, and those dollars have to be used for coastal restoration, hurricane protection for community resiliency projects. I want to ask the chairman if he sup-ports that policy and if he will con-tinue to work with us to advance that legislation just like this legislation is being advanced today. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Yes. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I couldn’t have said it better myself, Mr. Speak-er. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.023 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9781 December 10, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, with that, I will again say I support this legislation. I think the policy concept of revenue sharing from energy production is a solid one, but we have got to make sure that we don’t have conflicting policies when we talk about fossil fuels versus alter-native energy streams. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate those who have spoken on this particular piece of legislation. Mr. G
RAVES , I didn’t want to be too flippant, although I was, does raise a major point of concern that, on Federal lands and on Federal waters, how we deal with the resources that are there is significant, and they play a role in the entire Nation. But we also have to recognize the role that those States and territories play where we find those particular re-sources, whether it be offshore on Fed-eral waters or onshore on Federal lands. For us to review that policy is a wise thing we should do. I also am appreciative of the Resi-dent Commissioner from Puerto Rico for explaining the significance this has for all those areas that have not yet been considered as we deal with a new kind of alternative energy, in this case, wind power. That is significant, and it plays a significant role in the future development of those territories that are using and in which the energy and the cost of energy is more significant than you find on the mainland, and yet we need to find a way to build their economies by having an affordable and renewable and reliable energy source coming in the future. Because of that, I find this to be a significant piece of legislation. I urge adoption, Mr. Speaker, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The ques-tion is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6665, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
URGING SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR TO RECOGNIZE THE HIS-TORICAL SIGNIFICANCE OF RO-BERTO CLEMENTE’S PLACE OF DEATH Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 792) urging the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the historical significance of Roberto Clemente’s place of death near Pin˜ones in Loı´za, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: H. R ES. 792 Whereas Roberto Clemente was an Amer-ican baseball legend who embodied the val-ues of a model citizen; Whereas Roberto Clemente won two Major League Baseball World Series Champion-ships, was named World Series Most Valu-able Player, and was an All-Star for 12 sea-sons; Whereas Roberto Clemente served this Na-tion as a United States Marine Corps Reserv-ist; Whereas Roberto Clemente was the first Puerto Rican inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame; Whereas Roberto Clemente was inducted into the Marine Corps Sports Hall of Fame; Whereas Roberto Clemente was committed to caring and helping those in need, regard-less of their location; Whereas Roberto Clemente selflessly chose to travel to an earthquake-ridden Nicaragua to provide humanitarian aid; Whereas Roberto Clemente’s plane crashed shortly after taking off from Isla Verde International Airport/Aeropuerto Internacional de Isla Verde on December 31, 1972; Whereas Roberto Clemente was only 38 years old when he tragically passed away; Whereas Roberto Clemente’s passion and advocacy demonstrated the positive influ-ence that professional athletes could have in improving the lives of others; Whereas Roberto Clemente challenged the stereotypes that had marginalized native Spanish speakers in this Nation and remains an icon to many Puerto Ricans and Latinos in the United States and Latin America; Whereas Major League Baseball presents an annual Roberto Clemente Award to the player that best embodies Roberto Clemente’s value of service to others and represents the game of baseball through ex-traordinary character, community involve-ment, philanthropy, and positive contribu-tions, both on and off the field; Whereas Roberto Clemente was post-humously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, Presidential Citizens Medal, and the Congressional Gold Medal for his civic and charitable contributions; and Whereas the crash site in the adjacent area to Playa Aviones in the municipality of Loı´za, Puerto Rico, was the last place where Roberto Clemente graced this world: Now, therefore be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives requests that the Secretary of the Inte-rior recognize the crash site of Roberto Clemente’s airplane and the adjacent land by adding such site to the National Register of Historic Places. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. b1615 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this has been, for me, an exciting day, as we have talked about bills that provide for the history of this country and move it forward; as we talked about energy, which I find significant, especially for my State, which has so much Federal land and energy available to it; and now you are coming into one of the heroes of my childhood with Roberto Clemente. Mr. Clemente won 12 Gold Gloves; 4 National League batting titles; 12 All- Star Game selections; 2 World Series Championships—although the 1961 still pains me to no end, but he still had two championships—and reached the 3,000- hit milestone. He was the first player born in Latin America to be inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and was posthumously awarded both the Congressional Gold Medal and the Presidential Medal of Freedom. I still have his baseball cards, and I cherish them. He was a special person not necessarily on the field—he was unique and wonderful—but even off the field he was an even greater individual. His accomplishments off the field speak to the quality of man Roberto Clemente was. He spent his time in the off-season involved in charity work. He also spent his time in the off-season helping the game of baseball in his home in Puerto Rico. He made people’s lives better. He ended his life, once again, trying to head a relief effort for Nicaragua. He gave his life in defense of other people. He is definitely someone who is worthy of being remembered in what he did on the ball field, which was spectacular, but what he did at home with real peo-ple, which was even better than what he did on the ball field. I am proud to be here and wish to add my support to this resolution to recog-nize a great, great American hero. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ). Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member for bringing this resolution to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support H. Res. 792, which would urge the Secretary of the Inte-rior to recognize the historical signifi-cance of Roberto Clemente’s place of death near Pinones in Loiza, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Reg-ister of Historic Places. Formalizing the site of his untimely death will create a place for our Nation to honor Roberto Clemente’s career and legacy. He was a trailblazer in baseball and in his life of service out-side of baseball. Born in 1934, in Carolina, Puerto Rico, Roberto Enrique Clemente Walk-er’s pride and humanitarian ways won 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.024 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9782 December 10, 2018 
him universal admiration. Some said that he had a very unorthodox way of hitting the ball, yet he had four bat-ting titles and 3,000 hits exactly on the last day of the season—the last season he played before he passed. He won four batting titles. He had one of the most incredible arms in right field you ever saw. I still remember a day in New York when he threw a ball from the right field fence to third base without a bounce. For a person of my age, who cannot throw the ball but 100 feet, perhaps, that was quite a sight to see. But there was another person in Clemente: the person who was always trying to build up people of color; who was always trying to build up a rela-tionship with Latin America, knowing how important baseball was to Latin America and how important baseball was to Latin Americans and people in the territory of Puerto Rico. He played a role in being that ambassador, to the point where, when Nicaragua suffered a hurricane that killed about 7,000 people and thousands of people were without food or water, he decided to lead a cou-ple of planeloads of relief efforts to Nicaragua. But as times had it in those days— and perhaps even these days, too— some, if not all of the supplies he was sending of food and water to Nicaragua were being stolen and sold on the black market. So he decided he was going to go himself on the next trip. He was so revered and respected in Nicaragua, no-body would dare touch anything if he was on the ground. So he left on a plane on December 31, 1972. After tak-ing off, the plane went into the water. Roberto’s body was never found. I am not a psychologist or psychia-trist, but I so believe that we Puerto Ricans, whether we are from New York, New Jersey, or Puerto Rico, born or not born in Puerto Rico, still hold a certain need to have found him and to have given him the proper burial. But that never happened. When we do what we do today, hope-fully, we continue to honor this man who was not only the first Latino in the Hall of Fame, who not only batted 317 in his lifetime, which is not an easy accomplishment, and who not only had 3,000 hits and had a rifle for an arm, who was—although people would say it was only two World Series—the only player to get a hit in every single World Series game he played—14 of them—he was just exceptional. To this day, I can tell you that there are more Puerto Ricans who use the number 21, although it has nothing to do with them, on their email, than any other number. There are more kids in Puerto Rico and throughout the States and the other territories who, when joining a team, ask for number 21 on their uni-form, for Roberto. That is what he means to us, that is what he means to the country, and as the people in Pittsburgh will tell you, it is not just Puerto Ricans. It is Amer-icans in general. This is a great thing we are doing. I applaud and support the efforts of the chairman and the rank-ing member. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N). Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair-man for allowing me to speak on behalf of this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I really believe this is important. Puerto Ricans feel very proud of the legacy of Roberto Clemente. He was not just a local hero, but a national hero, both in the arena and in his life. Actually, that is the reason, when Puerto Rico becomes a State, it will be the recommendation for one of his statues to be sent to the capital. He is a figure that united Puer-to Rico. I rise today to express my strongest support for H. Res. 792, introduced by my good friend and colleague, J
OSE´ S
ERRANO . This resolution will urge the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the significance of the place of death of Puerto Rican baseball star Roberto Clemente, located near Pinones in Loiza, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places. Roberto Clemente, as I said, was a hero and role model in Puerto Rico and across the nation. Throughout his dis-tinguished career, he won two Major League Baseball World Series Cham-pionships, was named Most Valuable Player, and was an All-Star for 12 sea-sons. Clemente also served this Nation as a United States Marine Corps Re-servist. Roberto Clemente was committed to caring and helping those in need. In the aftermath of a devastating earthquake in 1972, he decided to travel to Nica-ragua to provide humanitarian aid. His plane crashed shortly after departing Puerto Rico, and he tragically passed at the age of 38. That is the reason his family, still in Puerto Rico, started a foundation. Many schools have his name on it, but he also has the legacy of supporting young people to play baseball and com-mit to their communities and be better in society. Clemente was that role model. He was a great humanitarian and great athlete. He was the embodiment of a baseball legend who contributed to the betterment of society. I am glad that this House is honoring his legacy by considering H. Res. 792. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I thank Con-gressman S
ERRANO for allowing this recognition that unites hundreds of people not only in Puerto Rico, but for sports all over. I also thank Chairman B
ISHOP for supporting this, although I was expecting him to have the numbers of his baseball career. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, this is a good piece of legislation. I just wish that when the Dodgers left him vulnerable in 1966, the Cubbies had picked him up, instead of the Pirates. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 792, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DEVEL-OPMENT AND SELF-DETERMINA-TION ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 245) to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self Deter-mination Act of 2005, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 245 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Trib-al Energy Development and Self-Determina-tion Act Amendments of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DE-VELOPMENT AND SELF-DETERMINA-TION ACT AMENDMENTS Sec. 101. Indian tribal energy resource devel-opment. Sec. 102. Indian tribal energy resource regu-lation. Sec. 103. Tribal energy resource agreements. Sec. 104. Technical assistance for Indian tribal governments. Sec. 105. Conforming amendments. Sec. 106. Report. TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS Sec. 201. Issuance of preliminary permits or licenses. Sec. 202. Tribal biomass demonstration project. Sec. 203. Weatherization program. Sec. 204. Appraisals. Sec. 205. Leases of restricted lands for Nav-ajo Nation. Sec. 206. Extension of tribal lease period for the Crow Tribe of Montana. Sec. 207. Trust status of lease payments. TITLE I—INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DEVEL-OPMENT AND SELF-DETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 101. INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE DE-VELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2602(a) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(a)) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.027 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9783 December 10, 2018 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) consult with each applicable Indian tribe before adopting or approving a well spacing program or plan applicable to the en-ergy resources of that Indian tribe or the members of that Indian tribe.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
LANNING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram established by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall provide technical assistance to interested Indian tribes to develop energy plans, including— ‘‘(i) plans for electrification; ‘‘(ii) plans for oil and gas permitting, re-newable energy permitting, energy effi-ciency, electricity generation, transmission planning, water planning, and other planning relating to energy issues; ‘‘(iii) plans for the development of energy resources and to ensure the protection of natural, historic, and cultural resources; and ‘‘(iv) any other plans that would assist an Indian tribe in the development or use of en-ergy resources. ‘‘(B) C
OOPERATION .—In establishing the program under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall work in cooperation with the Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs of the Department of Energy.’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY INDIAN ENERGY  E
DUCATION PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 2602(b)(2) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, intertribal organiza-tion,’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respec-tively; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) activities to increase the capacity of Indian tribes to manage energy development and energy efficiency programs;’’. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY LOAN GUAR-
ANTEE PROGRAM .—Section 2602(c) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or a trib-al energy development organization’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘guarantee’’ and inserting ‘‘guaranteed’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) a tribal energy development organiza-tion, from funds of the tribal energy develop-ment organization.’’; and (3) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of Energy may’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017, the Secretary of Energy shall’’. 
SEC. 102. INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE REGULATION. 
Section 2603(c) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3503(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘on the re-quest of an Indian tribe, the Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘on the request of an Indian tribe or a tribal energy development organi-zation, the Indian tribe or tribal energy de-velopment organization’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘or tribal energy development organization’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’. SEC. 103. TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE AGREE-MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 2604 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) an electric production, generation, transmission, or distribution facility (in-cluding a facility that produces electricity from renewable energy resources) located on tribal land; or’’; and (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘, at least a portion of which have been’’ after ‘‘energy resources’’; (bb) by inserting ‘‘or produced from’’ after ‘‘developed on’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) pooling, unitization, or communitization of the energy mineral re-sources of the Indian tribe located on tribal land with any other energy mineral resource (including energy mineral resources owned by the Indian tribe or an individual Indian in fee, trust, or restricted status or by any other persons or entities) if the owner, or, if appropriate, lessee, of the resources has con-sented or consents to the pooling, unitiza-tion, or communitization of the other re-sources under any lease or agreement; and’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) a lease or business agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall not require re-view by, or the approval of, the Secretary under section 2103 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 81), or any other provision of law (in-cluding regulations), if the lease or business agreement— ‘‘(A) was executed— ‘‘(i) in accordance with the requirements of a tribal energy resource agreement in effect under subsection (e) (including the periodic review and evaluation of the activities of the Indian tribe under the agreement, to be con-ducted pursuant to subparagraphs (D) and (E) of subsection (e)(2)); or ‘‘(ii) by the Indian tribe and a tribal energy development organization for which the In-dian tribe has obtained a certification pursu-ant to subsection (h); and ‘‘(B) has a term that does not exceed— ‘‘(i) 30 years; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a lease for the produc-tion of oil resources, gas resources, or both, 10 years and as long thereafter as oil or gas is produced in paying quantities.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) R
IGHTS -OF-WAY.—An Indian tribe may grant a right-of-way over tribal land without review or approval by the Secretary if the right-of-way— ‘‘(1) serves— ‘‘(A) an electric production, generation, transmission, or distribution facility (in-cluding a facility that produces electricity from renewable energy resources) located on tribal land; ‘‘(B) a facility located on tribal land that extracts, produces, processes, or refines en-ergy resources; or ‘‘(C) the purposes, or facilitates in carrying out the purposes, of any lease or agreement entered into for energy resource develop-ment on tribal land; ‘‘(2) was executed— ‘‘(A) in accordance with the requirements of a tribal energy resource agreement in ef-fect under subsection (e) (including the peri-odic review and evaluation of the activities of the Indian tribe under the agreement, to be conducted pursuant to subparagraphs (D) and (E) of subsection (e)(2)); or ‘‘(B) by the Indian tribe and a tribal energy development organization for which the In-dian tribe has obtained a certification pursu-ant to subsection (h); and ‘‘(3) has a term that does not exceed 30 years.’’; (3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) VALIDITY .—No lease or business agree-ment entered into, or right-of-way granted, pursuant to this section shall be valid unless the lease, business agreement, or right-of- way is authorized by subsection (a) or (b).’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION .—On or after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy De-velopment and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017, a qualified Indian tribe may submit to the Secretary a tribal energy resource agreement governing leases, busi-ness agreements, and rights-of-way under this section. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF COMPLETE PROPOSED AGREE -
MENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the tribal energy resource agree-ment is submitted under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) notify the Indian tribe as to whether the agreement is complete or incomplete; ‘‘(ii) if the agreement is incomplete, notify the Indian tribe of what information or docu-mentation is needed to complete the submis-sion; and ‘‘(iii) identify and notify the Indian tribe of the financial assistance, if any, to be pro-vided by the Secretary to the Indian tribe to assist in the implementation of the tribal en-ergy resource agreement, including the envi-ronmental review of individual projects. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph precludes the Secretary from providing any financial assistance at any time to the In-dian tribe to assist in the implementation of the tribal energy resource agreement.’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘(2)(A)’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the date that is 271 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a tribal energy resource agreement from a qualified Indian tribe under para-graph (1), the tribal energy resource agree-ment shall take effect, unless the Secretary disapproves the tribal energy resource agree-ment under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) R
EVISED TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE  
AGREEMENT .—On the date that is 91 days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a revised tribal energy resource agree-ment from a qualified Indian tribe under paragraph (4)(B), the revised tribal energy resource agreement shall take effect, unless the Secretary disapproves the revised tribal energy resource agreement under subpara-graph (B).’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and all that follows through clause (ii) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall disapprove a tribal energy resource agree-ment submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) or (4)(B) only if— ‘‘(i) a provision of the tribal energy re-source agreement violates applicable Federal law (including regulations) or a treaty appli-cable to the Indian tribe; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.017 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9784 December 10, 2018 
‘‘(ii) the tribal energy resource agreement does not include one or more provisions re-quired under subparagraph (D); or’’; and (II) in clause (iii)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘includes’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section—’’ and inserting ‘‘does not include provisions that, with respect to any lease, business agreement, or right-of-way to which the tribal energy resource agreement applies—’’; (bb) by striking subclauses (I), (II), (V), (VIII), and (XV); (cc) by redesignating clauses (III), (IV), (VI), (VII), (IX) through (XIV), and (XVI) as clauses (I), (II), (III), (IV), (V) through (X), and (XI), respectively; (dd) in item (bb) of subclause (XI) (as re-designated by item (cc))— (AA) by striking ‘‘or tribal’’; and (BB) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (ee) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(XII) include a certification by the Indian tribe that the Indian tribe has— ‘‘(aa) carried out a contract or compact under title I or IV of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) for a period of not less than 3 consecutive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the appli-cation without material audit exception (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3-year period) relating to the management of tribal land or natural resources; or ‘‘(bb) substantial experience in the admin-istration, review, or evaluation of energy re-source leases or agreements or has otherwise substantially participated in the administra-tion, management, or development of energy resources located on the tribal land of the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(XIII) at the option of the Indian tribe, identify which functions, if any, authorizing any operational or development activities pursuant to a lease, right-of-way, or business agreement approved by the Indian tribe, that the Indian tribe intends to conduct.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking clauses (i) and (ii); (II) by redesignating clauses (iii) through (v) as clauses (ii) through (iv), respectively; and (III) by inserting before clause (ii) (as re-designated by subclause (II)) the following: ‘‘(i) a process for ensuring that— ‘‘(I) the public is informed of, and has rea-sonable opportunity to comment on, any sig-nificant environmental impacts of the pro-posed action; and ‘‘(II) the Indian tribe provides responses to relevant and substantive public comments on any impacts described in subclause (I) be-fore the Indian tribe approves the lease, busi-ness agreement, or right-of-way;’’; (iv) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)(iii)(XVI)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)(iv)(XI)’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—A tribal energy resource agreement that takes effect pursu-ant to this subsection shall remain in effect to the extent any provision of the tribal en-ergy resource agreement is consistent with applicable Federal law (including regula-tions), unless the tribal energy resource agreement is— ‘‘(i) rescinded by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (7)(D)(iii)(II); or ‘‘(ii) voluntarily rescinded by the Indian tribe pursuant to the regulations promul-gated under paragraph (8)(B) (or successor regulations).’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘date of disapproval’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘date of disapproval, provide the Indian tribe with— ‘‘(A) a detailed, written explanation of— ‘‘(i) each reason for the disapproval; and ‘‘(ii) the revisions or changes to the tribal energy resource agreement necessary to ad-dress each reason; and ‘‘(B) an opportunity to revise and resubmit the tribal energy resource agreement.’’; (D) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘(B) Subject to’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) Subject only to’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘to perform the obligations of the Secretary under this section and’’ before ‘‘to ensure’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) Nothing in this section absolves, lim-its, or otherwise affects the liability, if any, of the United States for any— ‘‘(I) term of any lease, business agreement, or right-of-way under this section that is not a negotiated term; or ‘‘(II) losses that are not the result of a ne-gotiated term, including losses resulting from the failure of the Secretary to perform an obligation of the Secretary under this section.’’; (E) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘has demonstrated’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary determines has demonstrated with substan-tial evidence’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘any tribal remedy’’ and inserting ‘‘all remedies (if any) provided under the laws of the Indian tribe’’; (iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘determine’’ and all that follows through the end of the clause and inserting the following: ‘‘deter-mine— ‘‘(I) whether the petitioner is an interested party; and ‘‘(II) if the petitioner is an interested party, whether the Indian tribe is not in compliance with the tribal energy resource agreement as alleged in the petition.’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘determina-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘determinations’’; and (III) in clause (iii), in the matter preceding subclause (I) by striking ‘‘agreement’’ the first place it appears and all that follows through ‘‘, including’’ and inserting ‘‘agree-ment pursuant to clause (i), the Secretary shall only take such action as the Secretary determines necessary to address the claims of noncompliance made in the petition, in-cluding’’; (iv) in subparagraph (E)(i), by striking ‘‘the manner in which’’ and inserting ‘‘, with respect to each claim made in the petition, how’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, the Secretary shall dis-miss any petition from an interested party that has agreed with the Indian tribe to a resolution of the claims presented in the pe-tition of that party.’’; (F) in paragraph (8)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A); (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (D) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively; and (iii) in subparagraph (A) (as redesignated by clause (ii))— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in clause (ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) amend an approved tribal energy re-source agreement to assume authority for approving leases, business agreements, or rights-of-way for development of another en-ergy resource that is not included in an ap-proved tribal energy resource agreement without being required to apply for a new tribal energy resource agreement;’’ and (G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) EFFECT .—Nothing in this section au-thorizes the Secretary to deny a tribal en-ergy resource agreement or any amendment to a tribal energy resource agreement, or to limit the effect or implementation of this section, due to lack of promulgated regula-tions.’’; (5) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (j); and (6) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE IN LIEU OF AC-
TIVITIES BY THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any amounts that the Secretary would otherwise expend to operate or carry out any program, function, service, or activity (or any portion of a program, function, service, or activity) of the Depart-ment that, as a result of an Indian tribe car-rying out activities under a tribal energy re-source agreement, the Secretary does not ex-pend, the Secretary shall, at the request of the Indian tribe, make available to the In-dian tribe in accordance with this sub-section. ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL FUNDING AGREEMENTS .—The Secretary shall make the amounts described in paragraph (1) available to an Indian tribe through an annual written funding agree-ment that is negotiated and entered into with the Indian tribe that is separate from the tribal energy resource agreement. ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Notwith- standing paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the provision of amounts to an Indian tribe under this subsection is subject to the availability of appropriations; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary shall not be required to reduce amounts for programs, functions, services, or activities that serve any other Indian tribe to make amounts available to an Indian tribe under this subsection. ‘‘(4) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall cal-culate the amounts under paragraph (1) in accordance with the regulations adopted under section 103(b) of the Indian Tribal En-ergy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The effective date or implementation of a tribal energy resource agreement under this section shall not be de-layed or otherwise affected by— ‘‘(i) a delay in the promulgation of regula-tions under section 103(b) of the Indian Trib-al Energy Development and Self-Determina-tion Act Amendments of 2017; ‘‘(ii) the period of time needed by the Sec-retary to make the calculation required under paragraph (1); or ‘‘(iii) the adoption of a funding agreement under paragraph (2). ‘‘(h) C
ERTIFICATION OF TRIBAL ENERGY DE-
VELOPMENT ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which an Indian tribe sub-mits an application for certification of a tribal energy development organization in accordance with regulations promulgated under section 103(b) of the Indian Tribal En-ergy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017, the Secretary shall approve or disapprove the application. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall approve an application for certification if— ‘‘(A)(i) the Indian tribe has carried out a contract or compact under title I or IV of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.017 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9785 December 10, 2018 
the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); and ‘‘(ii) for a period of not less than 3 consecu-tive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the application, the contract or compact— ‘‘(I) has been carried out by the Indian tribe without material audit exceptions (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3-year period); and ‘‘(II) has included programs or activities relating to the management of tribal land; and ‘‘(B)(i) the tribal energy development orga-nization is organized under the laws of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(ii)(I) the majority of the interest in the tribal energy development organization is owned and controlled by the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other In-dian tribes) the tribal land of which is being developed; and ‘‘(II) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe with jurisdiction over the land maintain at all times the control-ling interest in the tribal energy develop-ment organization; ‘‘(iii) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other Indian tribes) the tribal land of which is being developed own and control at all times a majority of the inter-est in the tribal energy development organi-zation; and ‘‘(iv) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization includes a statement that the organization shall be subject to the jurisdiction, laws, and author-ity of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(3) A
CTION BY SECRETARY .—If the Sec-retary approves an application for certifi-cation pursuant to paragraph (2), the Sec-retary shall, not more than 10 days after making the determination— ‘‘(A) issue a certification stating that— ‘‘(i) the tribal energy development organi-zation is organized under the laws of the In-dian tribe and subject to the jurisdiction, laws, and authority of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(ii) the majority of the interest in the tribal energy development organization is owned and controlled by the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other In-dian tribes) the tribal land of which is being developed; ‘‘(iii) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe with jurisdiction over the land maintain at all times the control-ling interest in the tribal energy develop-ment organization; ‘‘(iv) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other Indian tribes the tribal land of which is being developed) own and control at all times a majority of the inter-est in the tribal energy development organi-zation; and ‘‘(v) the certification is issued pursuant this subsection; ‘‘(B) deliver a copy of the certification to the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(C) publish the certification in the Fed-eral Register. ‘‘(i) S
OVEREIGN IMMUNITY .—Nothing in this section waives the sovereign immunity of an Indian tribe.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Deter-mination Act Amendments of 2017, the Sec-retary shall promulgate or update any regu-lations that are necessary to implement this section, including provisions to implement— (1) section 2604(e)(8) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(e)(8)), including the process to be followed by an Indian tribe amending an existing tribal energy resource agreement to assume authority for approv-ing leases, business agreements, or rights-of- way for development of an energy resource that is not included in the tribal energy re-source agreement; (2) section 2604(g) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(g)) including the man-ner in which the Secretary, at the request of an Indian tribe, shall— (A) identify the programs, functions, serv-ices, and activities (or any portions of pro-grams, functions, services, or activities) that the Secretary will not have to operate or carry out as a result of the Indian tribe car-rying out activities under a tribal energy re-source agreement; (B) identify the amounts that the Sec-retary would have otherwise expended to op-erate or carry out each program, function, service, and activity (or any portion of a pro-gram, function, service, or activity) identi-fied pursuant to subparagraph (A); and (C) provide to the Indian tribe a list of the programs, functions, services, and activities (or any portions of programs, functions, services, or activities) identified pursuant subparagraph (A) and the amounts associ-ated with each program, function, service, and activity (or any portion of a program, function, service, or activity) identified pur-suant to subparagraph (B); and (3) section 2604(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(h)), including the proc-ess to be followed by, and any applicable cri-teria and documentation required for, an In-dian tribe to request and obtain the certifi-cation described in that section. SEC. 104. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR INDIAN TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS. 
Section 2602(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) T
ECHNICAL AND SCIENTIFIC RE -
SOURCES .—In addition to providing grants to Indian tribes under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall collaborate with the Directors of the National Laboratories in making the full array of technical and scientific resources of the Department of Energy available for trib-al energy activities and projects.’’. 
SEC. 105. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF TRIBAL ENERGY DEVELOP -
MENT ORGANIZATION .—Section 2601 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (12) as paragraphs (10) through (13), respec-tively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(9) The term ‘qualified Indian tribe’ means an Indian tribe that has— ‘‘(A) carried out a contract or compact under title I or IV of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) for a period of not less than 3 consecutive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the appli-cation without material audit exception (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3-year period) relating to the management of tribal land or natural resources; or ‘‘(B) substantial experience in the adminis-tration, review, or evaluation of energy re-source leases or agreements or has otherwise substantially participated in the administra-tion, management, or development of energy resources located on the tribal land of the Indian tribe.’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (12) (as redesig-nated by paragraph (1)) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) The term ‘tribal energy development organization’ means— ‘‘(A) any enterprise, partnership, consor-tium, corporation, or other type of business organization that is engaged in the develop-ment of energy resources and is wholly owned by an Indian tribe (including an orga-nization incorporated pursuant to section 17 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5124) (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorga-nization Act’’) or section 3 of the Act of June 26, 1936 (49 Stat. 1967, chapter 831) (commonly known as the ‘Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act’)); and ‘‘(B) any organization of two or more enti-ties, at least one of which is an Indian tribe, that has the written consent of the gov-erning bodies of all Indian tribes partici-pating in the organization to apply for a grant, loan, or other assistance under sec-tion 2602 or to enter into a lease or business agreement with, or acquire a right-of-way from, an Indian tribe pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii) or (b)(2)(B) of section 2604.’’. (b) INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE DE-
VELOPMENT .—Section 2602 of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘tribal en-ergy resource development organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development or-ganizations’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘tribal en-ergy resource development organizations’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development organizations’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘tribal energy resource development organization’’ and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development or-ganization’’. (c) W
IND AND HYDROPOWER FEASIBILITY  S
TUDY .—Section 2606(c)(3) of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3506(c)(3)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘energy resource develop-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘energy development’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2604(e) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3) The Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(3) N
OTICE AND COMMENT ; SECRETARIAL RE -
VIEW.—The Secretary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘for approval’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘(4) If the Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) A
CTION IN CASE OF DISAPPROVAL .—If the Secretary’’; (3) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking ‘‘(5) If an Indian tribe’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) P
ROVISION OF DOCUMENTS TO SEC -
RETARY .—If an Indian tribe’’; and (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘approved’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; (4) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘(6)(A) In carrying out’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(6) S
ECRETARIAL OBLIGATIONS AND EFFECT  
OF SECTION .— ‘‘(A) In carrying out’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by indenting clauses (i) and (ii) appropriately; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ap-proved’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘an approved tribal energy resource agreement’’ and in-serting ‘‘a tribal energy resource agreement in effect under this section’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.017 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9786 December 10, 2018 
(ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘approved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and (5) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘(7)(A) In this paragraph’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) P
ETITIONS BY INTERESTED PARTIES .— ‘‘(A) In this paragraph’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘ap-proved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ap-proved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D)(iii)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘approved’’; and (ii) in subclause (II)— (I) by striking ‘‘approval of’’ in the first place it appears; and (II) by striking ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(A)(i) or (b)(2)(A)’’. 
SEC. 106. REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that details with respect to activities for energy development on Indian land, how the Depart-ment of the Interior— (1) processes and completes the reviews of energy-related documents in a timely and transparent manner; (2) monitors the timeliness of agency re-view for all energy-related documents; (3) maintains databases to track and mon-itor the review and approval process for en-ergy-related documents associated with con-ventional and renewable Indian energy re-sources that require Secretarial approval prior to development, including— (A) any seismic exploration permits; (B) permission to survey; (C) archeological and cultural surveys; (D) access permits; (E) environmental assessments; (F) oil and gas leases; (G) surface leases; (H) rights-of-way agreements; and (I) communitization agreements; (4) identifies in the databases— (A) the date lease applications and permits are received by the agency; (B) the status of the review; (C) the date the application or permit is considered complete and ready for review; (D) the date of approval; and (E) the start and end dates for any signifi-cant delays in the review process; (5) tracks in the databases, for all energy- related leases, agreements, applications, and permits that involve multiple agency re-view— (A) the dates documents are transferred be-tween agencies; (B) the status of the review; (C) the date the required reviews are com-pleted; and (D) the date interim or final decisions are issued. (b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of any intermediate and final deadlines for agency action on any Sec-retarial review and approval required for In-dian conventional and renewable energy ex-ploration and development activities; (2) a description of the existing geographic database established by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, explaining— (A) how the database identifies— (i) the location and ownership of all Indian oil and gas resources held in trust; (ii) resources available for lease; and (iii) the location of— (I) any lease of land held in trust or re-stricted fee on behalf of any Indian tribe or individual Indian; and (II) any rights-of-way on that land in ef-fect; (B) how the information from the database is made available to— (i) the officials of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs with responsibility over the manage-ment and development of Indian resources; and (ii) resource owners; and (C) any barriers to identifying the informa-tion described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) or any deficiencies in that information; and (3) an evaluation of— (A) the ability of each applicable agency to track and monitor the review and approval process of the agency for Indian energy de-velopment; and (B) the extent to which each applicable agency complies with any intermediate and final deadlines. TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS SEC. 201. ISSUANCE OF PRELIMINARY PERMITS OR LICENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(a) of the Fed-eral Power Act (16 U.S.C. 800(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘States and municipalities’’ and inserting ‘‘States, Indian tribes, and munici-palities’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not affect— (1) any preliminary permit or original li-cense issued before the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017; or (2) an application for an original license, if the Commission has issued a notice accept-ing that application for filing pursuant to section 4.32(d) of title 18, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), be-fore the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Deter-mination Act Amendments of 2017. (c) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE.—For pur- poses of section 7(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 800(a)) (as amended by sub-section (a)), the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). 
SEC. 202. TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to establish a biomass demonstration project for federally recognized Indian tribes and Alaska Native corporations to promote biomass energy production. (b) T
RIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION  P
ROJECT .—The Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2(a), by striking ‘‘In this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘In this Act’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3. TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
‘‘(a) S TEWARDSHIP CONTRACTS OR SIMILAR  A
GREEMENTS .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, the Secretary shall enter into stewardship contracts or similar agreements (excluding direct service contracts) with In-dian tribes to carry out demonstration projects to promote biomass energy produc-tion (including biofuel, heat, and electricity generation) on Indian forest land and in nearby communities by providing reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal land. ‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In each fiscal year for which projects are authorized, at least 4 new demonstration projects that meet the eligibility criteria described in sub-section (c) shall be carried out under con-tracts or agreements described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—To be eligible to enter into a contract or agreement under this section, an Indian tribe shall submit to the Secretary an application— ‘‘(1) containing such information as the Secretary may require; and ‘‘(2) that includes a description of— ‘‘(A) the Indian forest land or rangeland under the jurisdiction of the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(B) the demonstration project proposed to be carried out by the Indian tribe. ‘‘(d) SELECTION .—In evaluating the applica-tions submitted under subsection (c), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) take into consideration— ‘‘(A) the factors set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2(e); and ‘‘(B) whether a proposed project would— ‘‘(i) increase the availability or reliability of local or regional energy; ‘‘(ii) enhance the economic development of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(iii) result in or improve the connection of electric power transmission facilities serv-ing the Indian tribe with other electric transmission facilities; ‘‘(iv) improve the forest health or water-sheds of Federal land or Indian forest land or rangeland; ‘‘(v) demonstrate new investments in infra-structure; or ‘‘(vi) otherwise promote the use of woody biomass; and ‘‘(2) exclude from consideration any mer-chantable logs that have been identified by the Secretary for commercial sale. ‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that the criteria described in subsection (c) are publicly available by not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this section; and ‘‘(2) to the maximum extent practicable, consult with Indian tribes and appropriate intertribal organizations likely to be af-fected in developing the application and oth-erwise carrying out this section. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 20, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes, with respect to the reporting period— ‘‘(1) each individual tribal application re-ceived under this section; and ‘‘(2) each contract and agreement entered into pursuant to this section. ‘‘(g) I
NCORPORATION OF MANAGEMENT  P
LANS .—In carrying out a contract or agree-ment under this section, on receipt of a re-quest from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall incorporate into the contract or agree-ment, to the maximum extent practicable, management plans (including forest manage-ment and integrated resource management plans) in effect on the Indian forest land or rangeland of the respective Indian tribe. ‘‘(h) T
ERM.—A contract or agreement en-tered into under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be for a term of not more than 20 years; and ‘‘(2) may be renewed in accordance with this section for not more than an additional 10 years.’’. (c) A
LASKA NATIVE BIOMASS DEMONSTRA -
TION PROJECT .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means— (i) land of the National Forest System (as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)) administered by the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service; and (ii) public lands (as defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)), the surface of which is administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.017 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9787 December 10, 2018 
(B) I NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (C) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means— (i) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to land under the jurisdiction of the Forest Service; and (ii) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to land under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management. (D) T
RIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘trib-al organization’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (2) A
GREEMENTS .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement or contract with an In-dian tribe or a tribal organization to carry out a demonstration project to promote bio-mass energy production (including biofuel, heat, and electricity generation) by pro-viding reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal land. (3) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In each fis-cal year for which projects are authorized, at least 1 new demonstration project that meets the eligibility criteria described in paragraph (4) shall be carried out under con-tracts or agreements described in paragraph (2). (4) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—To be eligible to enter into a contract or agreement under this subsection, an Indian tribe or tribal or-ganization shall submit to the Secretary an application— (A) containing such information as the Secretary may require; and (B) that includes a description of the dem-onstration project proposed to be carried out by the Indian tribe or tribal organization. (5) S
ELECTION .—In evaluating the applica-tions submitted under paragraph (4), the Sec-retary shall— (A) take into consideration whether a pro-posed project would— (i) increase the availability or reliability of local or regional energy; (ii) enhance the economic development of the Indian tribe; (iii) result in or improve the connection of electric power transmission facilities serving the Indian tribe with other electric trans-mission facilities; (iv) improve the forest health or water-sheds of Federal land or non-Federal land; (v) demonstrate new investments in infra-structure; or (vi) otherwise promote the use of woody biomass; and (B) exclude from consideration any mer-chantable logs that have been identified by the Secretary for commercial sale. (6) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall— (A) ensure that the criteria described in paragraph (4) are publicly available by not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this subsection; and (B) to the maximum extent practicable, consult with Indian tribes and appropriate tribal organizations likely to be affected in developing the application and otherwise carrying out this subsection. (7) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 20, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes, with respect to the reporting period— (A) each individual application received under this subsection; and (B) each contract and agreement entered into pursuant to this subsection. (8) T
ERM.—A contract or agreement en-tered into under this subsection— (A) shall be for a term of not more than 20 years; and (B) may be renewed in accordance with this subsection for not more than an addi-tional 10 years. SEC. 203. WEATHERIZATION PROGRAM. 
Section 413(d) of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6863(d)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) R
ESERVATION OF AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B) and notwithstanding any other provision of this part, the Secretary shall reserve from amounts that would otherwise be allocated to a State under this part not less than 100 percent, but not more than 150 percent, of an amount which bears the same proportion to the allocation of that State for the applica-ble fiscal year as the population of all low- income members of an Indian tribe in that State bears to the population of all low-in-come individuals in that State. ‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall apply only if— ‘‘(i) the tribal organization serving the low-income members of the applicable Indian tribe requests that the Secretary make a grant directly; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines that the low-income members of the applicable Indian tribe would be equally or better served by making a grant directly than a grant made to the State in which the low-income mem-bers reside. ‘‘(C) P
RESUMPTION .—If the tribal organiza-tion requesting the grant is a tribally des-ignated housing entity (as defined in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103)) that has operated without material audit exceptions (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within a 3-year period), the Secretary shall presume that the low-income members of the applicable Indian tribe would be equally or better served by making a grant directly to the tribal organization than by a grant made to the State in which the low-income mem-bers reside.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘The sums’’ and inserting ‘‘A
DMINISTRATION .—The amounts’’; (B) by striking ‘‘on the basis of his deter-mination’’; (C) by striking ‘‘individuals for whom such a determination has been made’’ and insert-ing ‘‘low-income members of the Indian tribe’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘he’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘In order’’ and inserting ‘‘A
PPLICATION .—In order’’. 
SEC. 204. APPRAISALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XXVI of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2607. APPRAISALS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For any transaction that requires approval of the Secretary and involves mineral or energy resources held in trust by the United States for the benefit of an Indian tribe or by an Indian tribe subject to Federal restrictions against alienation, any appraisal relating to fair market value of those resources required to be prepared under applicable law may be prepared by— ‘‘(1) the Secretary; ‘‘(2) the affected Indian tribe; or ‘‘(3) a certified, third-party appraiser pur-suant to a contract with the Indian tribe. ‘‘(b) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW AND APPROVAL .— Not later than 45 days after the date on which the Secretary receives an appraisal prepared by or for an Indian tribe under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) review the appraisal; and ‘‘(2) approve the appraisal unless the Sec-retary determines that the appraisal fails to meet the standards set forth in regulations promulgated under subsection (d). ‘‘(c) NOTICE OF DISAPPROVAL .—If the Sec-retary determines that an appraisal sub-mitted for approval under subsection (b) should be disapproved, the Secretary shall give written notice of the disapproval to the Indian tribe and a description of— ‘‘(1) each reason for the disapproval; and ‘‘(2) how the appraisal should be corrected or otherwise cured to meet the applicable standards set forth in the regulations pro-mulgated under subsection (d). ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall promulgate regulations to carry out this sec-tion, including standards the Secretary shall use for approving or disapproving the ap-praisal described in subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 205. LEASES OF RESTRICTED LANDS FOR NAVAJO NATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e)(1) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (commonly known as the ‘‘Long-Term Leas-ing Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 415(e)(1)), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, except a lease for’’ and inserting ‘‘, including a lease for’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) in the case of a business or agricul-tural lease, 99 years;’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of a lease for the explo-ration, development, or extraction of any mineral resource (including geothermal re-sources), 25 years, except that— ‘‘(i) any such lease may include an option to renew for 1 additional term of not to ex-ceed 25 years; and ‘‘(ii) any such lease for the exploration, de-velopment, or extraction of an oil or gas re-source shall be for a term of not to exceed 10 years, plus such additional period as the Navajo Nation determines to be appropriate in any case in which an oil or gas resource is produced in a paying quantity.’’. (b) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to Congress a re-port describing the progress made in car-rying out the amendment made by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 206. EXTENSION OF TRIBAL LEASE PERIOD FOR THE CROW TRIBE OF MONTANA. 
Subsection (a) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (25 U.S.C. 415(a)), is amended in the second sentence by inserting ‘‘, land held in trust for the Crow Tribe of Montana’’ after ‘‘Devils Lake Sioux Reserva-tion’’. 
SEC. 207. TRUST STATUS OF LEASE PAYMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the Interior. (b) T
REATMENT OF LEASE PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2) and at the request of the In-dian tribe or individual Indian, any advance payments, bid deposits, or other earnest money received by the Secretary in connec-tion with the review and Secretarial ap-proval under any other Federal law (includ-ing regulations) of a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance of any interest in any trust or restricted land of any Indian tribe or individual Indian shall, upon receipt and prior to Secretarial approval of the contract or conveyance instrument, be held in the trust fund system for the benefit of the In-dian tribe and individual Indian from whose land the funds were generated. (2) R
ESTRICTION .—If the advance payment, bid deposit, or other earnest money received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.017 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9788 December 10, 2018 
by the Secretary results from competitive bidding, upon selection of the successful bid-der, only the funds paid by the successful bidder shall be held in the trust fund system. (c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the approval of the Secretary of a contract or other instrument for a sale, lease, permit, or any other con-veyance described in subsection (b)(1), the funds held in the trust fund system and de-scribed in subsection (b), along with all in-come generated from the investment of those funds, shall be disbursed to the Indian tribe or individual Indian landowners. (2) A
DMINISTRATION .—If a contract or other instrument for a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance described in subsection (b)(1) is not approved by the Secretary, the funds held in the trust fund system and de-scribed in subsection (b), along with all in-come generated from the investment of those funds, shall be paid to the party identified in, and in such amount and on such terms as set out in, the applicable regulations, adver-tisement, or other notice governing the pro-posed conveyance of the interest in the land at issue. (d) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to any advance payment, bid deposit, or other earnest money received by the Sec-retary in connection with the review and Secretarial approval under any other Fed-eral law (including regulations) of a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance of any interest in any trust or restricted land of any Indian tribe or individual Indian on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Much of his bill is incor-porated in this. He has been a long- time champion and supporter of this ef-fort. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to thank the chair-man very much for bringing this legis-lation to the floor. It is a Senate bill very much like the bill I introduced that came out of the committee. The bill promotes energy projects critical for economic development areas around Indian Country. Native communities face a significant number of obstacles to developing and deliv-ering energy on their land. Ultimately, the lack of affordable energy under-mines efforts to promote social and economic well-being in these commu-nities. I have always said Alaska Natives and American Indians are the best caretakers of their lands. This is what Tribal self-determination is all about: empowering Native communities with the tools and authority to manage their resources. S. 245 makes important progress in this effort. The bill incorporates a vari-ety of policy changes to enhance Indian energy development. This includes ex-panding the ability of the Department of Energy to provide technical assist-ance to tribes and Tribal organizations for energy projects, improving the De-partment of the Interior’s process for approving energy resource agreements, and requiring FERC to give tribes equal footing with municipalities for hydroelectric licenses. I am also pleased that the bill in-cludes a Tribal biomass demonstration program that mirrors a provision in my Native American Energy Act. I appreciate Chairman HOEVEN ’s will-ingness to continue to work on Indian energy and his commitment to hold a hearing on my Native American En-ergy Act in 2019. My bill can serve as the foundation for the next step in pro-moting Indian energy. I urge my col-leagues to support passage of this bill. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we talk a lot about lev-eling the playing field when it comes to economic development on Tribal lands. Passage of S. 245, the Indian Tribal En-ergy Development and Self-Determina-tion Act Amendments of 2017, will help achieve that goal in the area of energy development. Tribes have stated for years that the many Federal laws governing the de-velopment of Tribal energy resources are complex and often lead to signifi-cant costs, delays, and uncertainties for all parties. This tends to discourage development of Tribal trust energy re-sources and drive development invest-ments to private or non-Tribal lands, resulting in Tribes losing out on much- needed revenue and jobs. S. 245 will provide Tribes with great-er control and flexibility in developing and managing both their traditional and renewable energy resources, so I am happy to support this bill today. But this is just a start. In the next Congress, I hope we can work together to pass legislation that addresses the other disparities that hinder Tribal economic development as well as incentivize renewable energy development on Tribal lands. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I want to do two motions simulta-neously here. I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ), and I ask unani-mous consent that the remainder of the time be managed by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments and, specifically, the Tribal biomass demonstration provision. Mr. Speaker, in the Northwest, we rely on baseload renewables like bio-mass. In recent years, we have seen catastrophic fires in the Pacific North-west devastating our natural resources. When we expand these biomass op-tions, we can reduce forest fire risk by keeping our forests healthier, while also creating a stable energy source. I believe that our Tribes can and should be taking a leading role in this effort. In 2015, eastern Washington was dev-astated by the wildfires burning more than a million acres in our State and devastating the Colville Tribe’s res-ervation. Following that, I joined the late Colville Tribal chairman, Jim Boyd, and authored an op-ed in the Se-attle Times advocating for the Tribes to have more tools to manage their lands. This legislation will allow them to take a more active role as it relates to biomass. This new authority allows Tribes to secure agreements with Fed-eral land managers, with terms up to 30 years, to enable long-term investment in infrastructure and local commu-nities. Tribal land management practices are widely acknowledged as more flexi-ble and more effective than those on other Federal land. I look forward to working with the U.S. Forest Service and the Tribes to make sure that this authority is imple-mented quickly, and I urge my col-leagues to pass this legislation to pro-vide flexibility in how we effectively manage our land for the benefit of so many within our local communities. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, based on recent con-versations with the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce Democratic staff, I would also like to note that the Senate has included an amendment to the Fed-eral Power Act in this bill that con-tains the definition of the term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ for the purposes of section 7(a) of the act. The intent of the Senate seems to be to ensure that Alaska Na-tives are included within that term. The Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, or FERC, currently and his-torically has interpreted the term ‘‘In-dian Tribe’’ in the Federal Power Act to include Alaska Native villages or re-gional or village corporations. Explic-itly including this reference in the amended section 7(a) should in no way be interpreted to exclude Alaska Na-tive villages or regional or village cor-porations within the meaning of the term ‘‘Indian Tribe’’ elsewhere in this act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:41 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.017 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9789 December 10, 2018 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, section 202(b) of S. 245, the ‘‘Tribal Biomass Dem-onstration Project Act,’’ amends the Tribal For-est Protection Act of 2004 (TFPA) to include new authority that directs the Secretary (of Ag-riculture or the Interior) to enter into a min-imum number of contracts or agreements with Indian tribes to enable the tribes to carry out various activities on Federal land. Unlike the current TFPA, which is discretionary, the Sec-retary must enter into agreements with tribes under this new authority. These activities will benefit the Indian tribes that enter into the agreements as well as the surrounding com-munities, and they will promote healthy forests to stem the plague of wildfires afflicting many Western communities, tribal and non-tribal alike. As an initial matter, Section 202(e) requires the Secretary to consult with tribes and tribal organizations in developing the eligibility cri-teria and to make the criteria public within 120 days of enactment. It is critical that the Sec-retary meet this deadline to ensure that tribes are able to submit applications for projects in the remainder of fiscal year 2019. As provided in the bill, in evaluating tribal projects, the Secretary is directed to weigh several factors. Given the severe impact of wildfires over the past decade, the importance of one of the factors, improving the forest health of Federal land, cannot be emphasized enough. For example, in August of 2015, two wildfires burned more than 255,000 acres of the Colville Indian Reservation in Washington State. The fires burned nearly 20 percent of the reservation land base and more than 800 million board feet of timber, making it the most damaging fire event in history in terms of board feet of timber lost on any Indian res-ervation. As noted in a November 8, 2015, column in the Seattle Times by then-Colville Chairman Jim Boyd and the Gentlelady from Washington, the Honorable C
ATHY MCMORRIS  R
ODGERS , the damage to the Colville Reserva-tion was amplified because major fire-suppres-sion resources were tied up suppressing fires on undermanaged areas of nearby National Forest land, leaving the Colville Reservation with little protection. The Secretary should, ac-cordingly, give strong weight to tribal pro-posals that will improve the forest health on Federal land and protect tribal lands. Finally, Section 202(b) requires the Sec-retary to incorporate, at a tribe’s request and to the maximum extent practicable, the tribe’s on-reservation management plans in the con-tracts or agreements under which the tribe will perform the activities on Federal land. The re-quirement that on-reservation management plans be incorporated into tribal activities on Federal land is an extension of what Congress has already required. For example, since its enactment in 1976, Section 202(b) of the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act has re-quired the U.S. Forest Service to coordinate the lands use plans for National Forest Sys-tem lands with tribal management practices. As highlighted over the years in numerous Committee on Natural Resources hearings, tribal land management practices are widely acknowledged as more flexible and as having forest health outcomes superior to those in ef-fect on non-tribal Federal land. The Committee on Natural Resources examined this at an April 10, 2014, oversight hearing on tribal for-est management. Compared to federal land managers, tribes find increased forest man-agement efficiencies in the tiered environ-mental compliance afforded by tribal Inte-grated Resource Management Plans and the limitation on third party appeals in Bureau of Indian Affairs forestry regulations (which are incorporated into tribal forest management plans). These and other on-reservation man-agement practices could and should be in-cluded in agreements under Section 202 at a tribes’ request. On a final note, nothing in the TFPA or the amendments made to the TFPA under Sec. 202 of S. 245 provide, or imply a provision, for tribal management of non-tribal interests in Federal land (and non-tribal users of such land) beyond the specific forest management- related functions set forth in the Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 245. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SOUTHEAST ALASKA REGIONAL HEALTH CONSORTIUM LAND TRANSFER ACT OF 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 825) to provide for the convey-ance of certain property to the South-east Alaska Regional Health Consor-tium located in Sitka, Alaska, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 825 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium Land Transfer Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. CONVEYANCE OF PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 2 years, after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convey to the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Con-sortium located in Sitka, Alaska (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Consortium’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the property described in section 3 for use in connection with health and social services programs. (b) E
FFECT ON ANYQUITCLAIM DEED.—The conveyance by the Secretary of title by war-ranty deeds under this section shall, on the effective date of the conveyance, supersede and render of no future effect any quitclaim deed to the property described in section 3 executed by the Secretary and the Consor-tium. (c) C
ONDITIONS .—The conveyance of the property under this Act— (1) shall be made by warranty deed; and (2) shall not— (A) require any consideration from the Consortium for the property; (B) impose any obligation, term, or condi-tion on the Consortium; or (C) allow for any reversionary interest of the United States in the property. SEC. 3. PROPERTY DESCRIBED. 
The property, including all land and appur-tenances, described in this section is the property included in U.S. Survey 1496, Lots 3, 5, 6, 9, 10, 11A, 11A Parcel A, and 11B, par-tially surveyed Township 55 South, Range 63 East of the Copper River Meridian, con-taining 19.07 acres, in Sitka, Alaska. 
SEC. 4. ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY. 
(a) L IABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Consortium shall not be liable for any soil, surface water, groundwater, or other contamination result-ing from the disposal, release, or presence of any environmental contamination on any portion of the property described in section 3 on or before the date on which the property is conveyed to the Consortium, except that the Secretary shall not be liable for any con-tamination that occurred after the date on which the Consortium controlled, occupied, and used such property. (2) E
NVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION .—An environmental contamination described in paragraph (1) includes any oil or petroleum products, hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, pollutants, toxic substances, solid waste, or any other envi-ronmental contamination or hazard as de-fined in any Federal or State of Alaska law. (b) E
ASEMENT .—The Secretary shall be ac-corded any easement or access to the prop-erty conveyed under this Act as may be rea-sonably necessary to satisfy any retained ob-ligation or liability of the Secretary. (c) N
OTICE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE AC-
TIVITY AND WARRANTY .—In carrying out this Act, the Secretary shall comply with sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of section 120(h)(3) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)(3)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 825, the Southeast Alaska Re-gional Health Consortium Land Trans-fer Act of 2017. The consortium provides comprehen-sive healthcare to Native communities throughout Alaska’s panhandle. It also delivers healthcare on behalf of the Federal Government through self-de-termination compacting. The consortium operates Mt. Edgecumbe Hospital in Sitka, a 25-bed, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.018 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9790 December 10, 2018 
critical-access facility. The hospital was constructed towards the end of World War II. It is in dire need of up-dating due to its age and condition. For the consortium to secure financ-ing for the project to update the condi-tions of the facilities, they need land on the hospital campus, which is cur-rently held by IHS, conveyed by war-ranty deed. S. 825 is a companion bill to my bill, H.R. 1901. Simply, it would transfer 19 acres of Federal land to the consor-tium, allowing them to update and im-prove healthcare services for Alaska Natives. From the 112th to the 114th Congress, three of my bills that authorized simi-lar land transfers for different entities were signed into law. These bills were nearly identical to S. 825. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman B
ISHOP and his staff for mov-ing this bill through committee. I would also like to thank Ranking Member G
RIJALVA and his staff for their bipartisan work on this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium, composed of 18 Native communities, is one of the oldest and largest Native-run health organizations in the Nation. The con-sortium operates the Mt. Edgecumbe Hospital in Sitka, Alaska, which serves as a regional hospital for people throughout southeast Alaska. At 67 years old, the Mt. Edgecumbe Hospital is the oldest facility in Alaska and one of the oldest in the Nation. As such, it is in dire need of updates and repairs. However, the title to the hospital is currently held by the Indian Health Service. In order to obtain the financ-ing necessary to facilitate the renova-tions, it is necessary for the consor-tium to hold unencumbered warranty title to the land. S. 825 will convey the land to the consortium by warranty title to ensure that the process moves forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 825. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. COMMERCIAL ENGAGEMENT THROUGH OCEAN TECHNOLOGY ACT OF 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2511) to require the Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Oceans and At-mosphere to carry out a program on coordinating the assessment and acqui-sition by the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration of un-manned maritime systems, to make available to the public data collected by the Administration using such sys-tems, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 2511 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Commercial Engagement Through Ocean Technology Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘CENOTE Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Coordination regarding assessment and acquisition by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration of unmanned mar-itime systems. Sec. 4. Regular assessment of unmanned maritime systems to support National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration mis-sions. Sec. 5. Acquisition of unmanned maritime systems. Sec. 6. Reports on unmanned maritime sys-tems and usage for mission of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration. Sec. 7. Funding and additional authorities. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Adminis-tration’’ means the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration. (2) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Under Secretary of Com-merce for Oceans and Atmosphere and Ad-ministrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration. (3) C
OOPERATIVE ACTIVITIES OF THE ADMINIS -
TRATION .—The terms ‘‘cooperative activities of the Administration’’ means cooperative activities between the Administration and an external entity, such as the Cooperative Institutes, Sea Grant Colleges, National Es-tuarine Research Reserves, the National Oceanographic Partnership Program estab-lished under chapter 665 of title 10, United States Code, and regional associations of the Integrated Ocean Observing System. (4) D
ATA SPECIFICATIONS .—The term ‘‘data specifications’’ shall refer to the type, reso-lution, periodicity, and quality of data re-quired by an program of the Administration. (5) T
EST OR TRAINING RANGE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘test or train-ing range’’ means an area designated for op-erating unmanned maritime systems and other types of systems for the purpose of— (i) evaluating the performance of such sys-tems; or (ii) training personnel on operating proce-dures for such systems. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘test or train-ing range’’ may include specialized fixed or portable instrumentation for the operation of unmanned maritime systems and other types of systems. (6) UNMANNED MARITIME SYSTEMS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘unmanned maritime systems’’ means remotely operated or autonomous vehicles produced by the commercial sector— (i) designed to function without an on- board human presence; and (ii) that may include associated compo-nents such as control and communications, instrumentation, data transmission, and processing systems. (B) E
XAMPLES .—The term ‘‘unmanned mar-itime systems’’ includes the following: (i) Unmanned undersea vehicles. (ii) Unmanned surface vehicles. (iii) Autonomous underwater vehicles. (iv) Autonomous surface vehicles. (C) T
REATMENT OF AERIAL VEHICLES .—The term ‘‘unmanned maritime systems’’ in-cludes unmanned aerial vehicles and autono-mous aerial vehicles that are used to address maritime issues to the extent the Adminis-trator determines it is necessary and appro-priate to achieve the purposes of this Act. 
SEC. 3. COORDINATION REGARDING ASSESS-MENT AND ACQUISITION BY NA-TIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOS-PHERIC ADMINISTRATION OF UN-MANNED MARITIME SYSTEMS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall direct the Office of Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Research (in this Act referred to as ‘‘OAR’’) and the Office of Marine and Avia-tion Operations (in this Act referred to as ‘‘OMAO’’)— (1) to coordinate the Administration’s re-search, assessment, and acquisition of un-manned maritime systems; and (2) to consider the use of unmanned mari-time systems in cooperative activities of the Administration. (b) C
OORDINATION WITHIN THE ADMINISTRA -
TION.— (1) U
NMANNED SYSTEMS EXECUTIVE OVER -
SIGHT BOARD .—In meeting the requirements described in subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall— (A) utilize the Unmanned Systems Execu-tive Oversight Board (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘USEOB’’) as the coordinating mecha-nism; and (B) ensure that OAR and OMAO address re-quirements throughout the Administration. (2) I
NCLUDED .—In utilizing the USEOB under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall ensure that representation on the USEOB is included from the following: (A) The Office of Ocean Exploration (OER). (B) The program office of the Integrated Ocean Observing System. (C) Such other offices of the Administra-tion as the Administrator determines are ac-tively engaged with unmanned maritime sys-tems. (c) C
OORDINATION WITH THE NAVY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this Act, the Administrator shall— (A) make efforts to coordinate with the Secretary of the Navy to leverage expertise in the development and operational transi-tion of unmanned maritime systems; (B) align with, utilize, and inform the Dep-uty Under Secretary of Commerce for Oper-ations and the Oceanographer of the Navy’s strategic and operational priorities, particu-larly for missions and geography within the Administration’s purview; (C) seek to utilize Naval unmanned sys-tems test or training ranges, such as the Gulf of Mexico Unmanned Systems Test and Training Range of the Naval Meteorology and Oceanography Command, and maximize interagency cooperation and sharing of best practices; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.033 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9791 December 10, 2018 
(D) to formalize coordination, execute a memorandum of understanding with the Sec-retary of the Navy that includes— (i) incorporating consideration of priorities and requirements of the Administration into research and development activities con-ducted by the Secretary of the Navy; (ii) consultation intended to encourage and facilitate efforts by the Administration to partner with the Navy to procure unmanned maritime systems and to establish, instru-ment, and operate test or training ranges and related facilities; (iii) adopting procedures defined by the Secretary of the Navy for the Administra-tion to access and utilize test or training ranges or related Naval facilities for pur-poses identified in paragraph (2)(B); and (iv) such other topics as the Administrator considers necessary or advisable, including mapping, bathymetry, observations, and ocean exploration. (2) L
OCATION .—The Administrator shall, if practicable, carry out the activities author-ized by this Act at a facility where the Navy and the Administration are co-located, for the following purposes: (A) Gaining efficiencies through collabora-tion. (B) Advancing development of unmanned maritime systems, including— (i) systems research and development; (ii) systems testing; (iii) systems modifications; and (iv) systems integration. (C) Accelerating transition from concept to manufacturing and acquisition. (d) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL  A
GENCIES .—In carrying out this Act, the Ad-ministrator and the Secretary of the Navy may utilize the National Oceanographic Partnership Program, established under chapter 665 of title 10, United States Code, as a mechanism for providing interagency co-ordination for the advancement of unmanned maritime systems. (e) C
OORDINATION WITHACADEMIC SECTOR .— In carrying out this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, may coordinate and co-locate with an academic research institution, or consor-tium of academic research institutions, for the following purposes: (1) Maximizing opportunities for research and development of unmanned maritime sys-tems. (2) Providing training in unmanned mari-time systems as part of an accredited certifi-cate or degree program of education. (3) Facilitating the commercialization of unmanned maritime systems through public- private partnerships that includes academic research institutions, private industry, and public safety agencies. (4) Arranging access to and use of addi-tional facilities that support testing and as-sessment of or training with respect to un-manned maritime systems under environ-mental conditions of interest, increasing operational tolerance under such conditions, certifying operational capacity under such conditions, whether real or simulated, and training operators of unmanned maritime systems in real or simulated environments. (5) Facilitating engagement with other academic institutions with interest or rel-evant expertise in unmanned maritime sys-tems. (6) Promoting information sharing between the academic, environmental, and military institutions to lead to more robust, mission- oriented unmanned maritime systems. (f) E
NGAGEMENT WITH THE PRIVATE SEC-
TOR.—Other than as described in subsection (e), the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, may, in carrying out this Act, to the extent practicable, co-ordinate and consult with the private sec-tor— (1) to support the commercialization of un-manned maritime systems; and (2) to assist with their assessment of com-mercially available unmanned maritime sys-tems to support the missions and goals of the Navy, the Administration, and coopera-tive activities of the Administration. SEC. 4. REGULAR ASSESSMENT OF UNMANNED MARITIME SYSTEMS TO SUPPORT NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOS-PHERIC ADMINISTRATION MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, act-ing through the Assistant Administrator for Oceanic and Atmospheric Research and the Director of the Office of Marine and Aviation Operations and the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration Commissioned Of-ficer Corps, shall regularly assess publicly and commercially available unmanned mari-time systems for potential use to support missions of the Administration. (b) S
CIENCE -BASED ASSESSMENTS .—The Ad- ministrator shall carry out subsection (a) through the Assistant Administrator for all matters relating to assessment of the suit-ability, feasibility, and cost-effectiveness of unmanned maritime systems to meet data specifications required by programs of the Administration. (c) A
SSESSMENT OF OPERATIONAL UTILITY .— The Administrator shall carry out sub-section (a) through the Director for all mat-ters relating to assessment of whether un-manned maritime systems are operationally reliable, feasible, and cost effective enough to make observations required by programs of the Administration. (d) E
NGAGEMENT .—The Assistant Adminis-trator and the Director shall jointly— (1) convene and consult the Unmanned Maritime Systems Ocean Technology Coordi-nating Committee established under section 3(b); and (2) consult with the heads of other offices of the Administration, the academic sector, and developers and manufacturers of un-manned maritime systems to conduct the as-sessments under subsection (a). 
SEC. 5. ACQUISITION OF UNMANNED MARITIME SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall coordinate and centralize the acquisition by the Administration of unmanned maritime systems to meet the prioritized list of data requirements identified by OAR and OMAO in carrying out this Act in their regular as-sessments and approved by the USEOB. (b) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—In order to realize greater savings and effi-ciency, the Administrator may develop and execute a memorandum of agreement with the Secretary of the Navy to— (1) participate in procurements conducted by the signatories to the memorandum of understanding; (2) accept decommissioned unmanned mar-itime systems from the Navy; (3) develop policies and procedures to share unmanned maritime systems; or (4) provide for other means of creating effi-ciency and savings in Federal acquisition of unmanned maritime systems. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to modify Fed-eral procurement law. 
SEC. 6. REPORTS ON UNMANNED MARITIME SYS-TEMS AND USAGE FOR MISSION OF THE NATIONAL OCEANIC AND AT-MOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out this Act, the Administrator shall, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 4 years thereafter, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port on the usage of unmanned maritime systems for the mission of the Administra-tion. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include, for the pe-riod covered by the report, the following: (1) An inventory of current unmanned mar-itime systems used by programs of the Ad-ministration, a summary of the data they have returned, and the benefits realized from having such data. (2) A prioritized list of data requirements of the Administration that could be met with unmanned maritime systems, and the commercially available unmanned maritime systems with the operational capabilities to collect such data. (c) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 7. FUNDING AND ADDITIONAL AUTHORI-TIES. 
(a) F UNDING .—The Administrator shall carry out this Act using existing amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Administration. (b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out this Act, the Administrator may— (1) enter into contracts, cooperative agree-ments, and other transactions with any do-mestic or foreign government; (2) notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, accept donations and voluntary and uncompensated services; (3) accept funds from other Federal depart-ments and agencies; (4) utilize the National Oceanographic Partnership Program established under chapter 665 of title 10, United States Code, to accept funds from other Federal departments and agencies, to accept donations, and to enter into contracts and award grants; (5) under an agreement entered into under paragraph (1), transfer funds appropriated to carry our this Act to any organization; and (6) use, with their consent, with or without reimbursement, and subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the land, services, equipment, personnel, and facilities of— (A) any department, agency, or instrumen-tality of the United States; (B) any State or local government or tribal government; or (C) any foreign government or inter-national organization. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alaska. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alaska? There was no objection. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I rise in strong support of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.020 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9792 December 10, 2018 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2511, the Com-mercial Engagement Through Ocean Technology Act, as amended, also known as CENOTE. This bicameral, bipartisan, and bicoastal legislation advances the Na-tional Oceanic Atmospheric Adminis-tration’s use of unmanned maritime systems by coordinating the private and academic sectors with the Navy on evaluating unmanned maritime sys-tems technology and their utility in science and management. The legislation highlights the unique role that nondefense interests such as NOAA, academia, and the private sec-tor play in the advancement of un-manned systems, which can gather a wide range of ocean data with fishery management, navigation, and eco-nomic benefits. Additionally, sensors can be utilized for dozens of meteoro-logical and oceanographic readings, in-cluding acoustics, water temperature, salinity, and much more. The evolution of unmanned systems continues to present opportunities to replace, enhance, and reinforce tradi-tional tools and infrastructure, such as moorings and manned research vessels, while minimizing operational costs. Demand greatly outpaces supply in the fielding of these assets. Specifi-cally, NOAA is charged with the dif-ficult tasks of mapping, observing, and exploring our oceans, which cover over 70 percent of our Earth’s surface. It is no surprise, then, that 80 percent of our ocean is unmanned, unobserved, and unexplored. Because of the limitations of funding and fielding, NOAA con-tinues the slow process of mapping. However, legislation like this can as-sist in the process. This legislation would require NOAA to leverage the technical and procurement expertise of the Navy and other partners to assess existing capabilities and initiate acqui-sition strategies. Ultimately, CENOTE is a win for de-fense, commerce, fisheries, environ-mental monitoring, and research and disaster planning and recovery. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill. Finally, I want to thank Chairman R
OBBISHOP and his professional staff, Bill Ball, for assisting my office in bringing this legislation to the floor. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 2511 directs NOAA to coordinate the use and data collection of unmanned maritime systems, in-cluding with the Navy. In addition, this bill directs NOAA to regularly as-sess how these technologies can be used to support NOAA’s missions. Unmanned maritime systems are ex-citing new technologies that are re-motely operated or autonomous vehi-cles used to collect data for seafloor mapping, atmospheric conditions, wave heights, water temperature, salinity, and carbon dioxide content. They can even be used to study marine mammals and help with fishery management. This is an important bill that em-braces 21st century technology to ad-dress the increasing challenges and needs facing our oceans today. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. I commend Senators WICKER and S CHATZ  and Congressmen P
ALAZZO and P A-
NETTA for their work on this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, at this time I would like to thank Chairman S
MITH of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee; Chairman T
HORNBERRY of the Armed Services Committee; and Con-gressman S
TEVEN PALAZZO , who spon-sored the House counterpart of this legislation, for their cooperation in getting S. 2511 to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, December 10, 2018. Hon. M
ACTHORNBERRY , Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Washington, DC D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : The Majority Leader wishes to schedule S. 2511, the Commercial Engagement Through Ocean Technology Act of 2018, for consideration under suspension of the rules this week. This bill was primarily referred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources and additionally referred to the Committee on Armed Services and the Com-mittee on Science, Space and Technology. I ask that the Committee on Armed Serv-ices not insist on its referral of the bill so that it may be considered on the Floor with an amendment requested by the Committee on Science, Space and Technology. This con-cession in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your re-quest to have your committee represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and your re-sponse in the Congressional Record during debate on the bill. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , Washington, DC, December 10, 2018. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning S. 2511, the ‘‘Commercial Engage-ment Through Ocean Technology Act of 2018.’’ There are certain provisions in the bill which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Armed Services. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important legislation, I am willing to waive this committee’s further consideration of S. 2511. I do so with the un-derstanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Armed Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the legislation which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. The committee also reserves the right to seek appointment to any House- Senate conference on this legislation and re-quests your support if such a request is made. Please place this letter into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others be-tween our respective committees. Sincerely, WILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , Chairman. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2511, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1645 SECRET SERVICE OVERTIME PAY EXTENSION ACT Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6893) to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Serv-ices Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exception through 2019, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6893 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secret Serv-ice Overtime Pay Extension Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF OVERTIME PAY EXCEP-TION THROUGH 2020 FOR PROTEC-TIVE SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2 of the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 (5 U.S.C. 5547 note), as amended by Public Law 115–160, is further amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
2018’’ and inserting ‘‘ 2020’’; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘or 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, or 2020’’; and (3) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, and 2020’’. (b) R
EPORT ON EXTENSIONS .—Not later than January 30 of each of calendar years 2020 and 2021, the Director of the Secret Service shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate, the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the effects of the amendments made by subsection (a). The report shall in-clude, with respect to the previous calendar year, the information described under para-graphs (1) through (7) of section 2(c) of Pub-lic Law 115–160. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.035 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9793 December 10, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Secret Service is the premier protective agency in the world. Secret Service agents and offi-cers play a vital role in defending the President, high-ranking government officials, and events of national signifi-cance. Protection is a round-the-clock job, and Secret Service personnel often work extensive overtime to fulfill their zero-fail mission. Under current law, Federal employ-ees across the government may not be paid above an annual premium pay cap. The cap consists of base pay, including locality pay, and premium pay, such as overtime. The cap is in place to ensure a hierarchy of pay so that frontline employees do not earn more than their supervisors who are ineligible for over-time pay. It also helps to control agen-cy spending on compensation. The cap, however, has led to issues at the Secret Service. Due to a staffing shortage and increased protective re-sponsibilities, Secret Service personnel are expected to work increasing amounts of overtime, causing them to hit the premium pay cap well in ad-vance of the end of the year. Secret Service personnel are ex-pected to continue working once they hit the cap, but they receive no extra compensation for this work. This phe-nomenon is known as maxing out at the agency, and it can cause morale and attrition problems. Committee staff recently traveled to observe Secret Service operations in Europe. During that trip, the topic of maxing out came up as an issue con-sistently on the minds of personnel in the field. The maxing out issue is ex-pected to get worse in 2020, when the burdens of the Presidential campaign cycle cause a large increase in hours worked by the Secret Service. In the previous Presidential election cycle, Congress raised the premium pay cap for Secret Service personnel to the Executive Schedule Level II, ensuring Secret Service personnel receive addi-tional compensation commensurate with the amount of time they must work. This waiver of the governmentwide premium pay cap was extended to the end of 2018 by the Secret Service Re-cruitment and Retention Act. Without a further extension, Secret Service per-sonnel will once again be subject to the lower pay cap. H.R. 6893 extends the premium pay cap waiver to the end of 2020. Between 700 and 900 personnel will be eligible for extra pay in 2019, while approximately 1,150 will be eligible in 2020. The bill also continues a series of re-ports due to Congress on the premium pay cap, to ensure its appropriate use. Extending the premium pay cap waiver also gives time for the Govern-ment Accountability Office to com-plete ongoing review of the Secret Service’s staffing issues. Finally, it ensures the agency doesn’t backtrack on staffing progress made to date. The Oversight and Government Reform Committee continues to main-tain that the premium pay cap waiver cannot be a permanent change and that the Secret Service must fix its own staffing issues and problems. For now, however, I do urge my col-leagues to support this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank and acknowledge the remarks of the gen-tleman from Georgia on this bill. As ranking member of the Subcommittee on National Security, I also express my strong support for H.R. 6893, the Secret Service Overtime Pay Extension Act, introduced by my friend S
TEVE RUS-
SELL from Oklahoma, who is the chair-man of our subcommittee. In light of previous legislation re-ported out of the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform on a bi-partisan basis, this bill would ensure that the United States Secret Service retains the ability to provide overtime pay to its dedicated workforce for the additional work that agents will be re-quired to perform in 2019 and through the 2020 Presidential election process. The bipartisan investigation con-ducted by our committee during the 114th Congress examined how best to strengthen the core protective mission of the Secret Service. The Secret Serv-ice is our Nation’s primary security force for the protection of the Presi-dent, the First Family, Presidential candidates, and, when necessary, other elected officials and world leaders. The Secret Service currently faces serious administrative challenges. Ac-cording to the bipartisan report unani-mously adopted by our committee in 2016, chief among those challenges is a staffing crisis that poses perhaps the greatest threat to the agency and that allowed a series of brazen security breaches during both the Obama and Trump administrations. The safety and security of the Secret Service mission demands that the Con-gress provide sufficient funding to re-store the agency to adequate staffing levels. At a minimum, we must first ensure that the agency retains the basic ability to compensate its agents with the overtime pay that they have earned and that they deserve. In 2017, we passed legislation on a bi-partisan basis to retroactively author-ize overtime pay for the thousands of additional hours worked by Secret Service employees in the midst of an extraordinarily taxing and extended 2016 Presidential campaign season. Recognizing that the agency now provides security details for a Presi-dent with a larger First Family and multiple and extensive travel sched-ules, we subsequently passed legisla-tion extending that authorization through 2018. As underscored by the Federal union representing rank-and-file Secret Serv-ice agents, the 2020 Presidential cam-paign season is expected to involve the participation of multiple candidates who may require earlier Secret Service protection than customary and include an extended Presidential primary cycle, thereby imposing further de-mands on the already understaffed Se-cret Service workforce. That is why our committee approved Representative STEVE RUSSELL ’s legis-lation to fund overtime pay for the Se-cret Service for calendar year 2019, as well as an amendment introduced by our full committee ranking member, the gentleman from Maryland, E
LIJAH  C
UMMINGS , to extend this authorization through the 2020 campaign year. I note that the 2-year authorization request was specifically supported by the Se-cret Service. The hardworking men and women of the Secret Service put their lives on the line every day and make tremen-dous personal sacrifices for our coun-try. Congress has a fundamental re-sponsibility to provide the resources that they need to do their jobs safely and successfully. While I believe Congress should also spend some time working together on a permanent fix to this problem, I, never-theless, stand proud to join my col-leagues in this bipartisan effort to sup-port the Secret Service in this effort. Mr. Speaker, I also urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I will take just a mo-ment to give a huge thank you to the sponsor of this bill, Mr. S
TEVE RUSSELL  from Oklahoma. Unfortunately, his flight was delayed. I know he would have loved to have been here to speak on this bill. I give a shout-out to him, thanking him for his leadership here. And also, as the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts mentioned, other cospon-sors, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ), and others, thanks to each of them. Mr. Speaker, may the gentleman from Massachusetts be aware that I have no further speakers, and I am pre-pared to close. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.039 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9794 December 10, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I also urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. H
ICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6893, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Over-time Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service over-time pay exception through 2020, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING CERTAIN BURIAL BEN-EFITS FOR SPOUSES AND CHIL-DREN OF VETERANS WHO ARE BURIED IN TRIBAL CEMETERIES Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2248) to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2248 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Benefits and Transition Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—EDUCATION Sec. 101. Inclusion of certain additional peri-ods of active duty service for purposes of suspension of charges to entitlement during periods of suspended participa-tion in Department of Veterans Affairs vocational rehabilita-tion programs. Sec. 102. Provision of monthly housing sti-pend information under Post-9/ 11 Educational Assistance Pro-gram. Sec. 103. Disapproval for purposes of edu-cational assistance programs of Department of Veterans Affairs of certain courses of education that do not permit individuals to attend or participate in courses pending payment. Sec. 104. Provision of information on re-quired additional actions to allow individuals to stay en-rolled in courses of education pending receipt of educational assistance from department of veterans affairs. Sec. 105. Calculation of monthly housing sti-pend under high technology pilot program based on location of campus where veteran at-tends classes. Sec. 106. Clarification regarding applica-bility of authority to use edu-cational assistance to pursue independent study programs at certain educational institutions that are not institutions of higher learning. TITLE II—MEMORIAL AFFAIRS Sec. 201. Eligibility of spouses and children of veterans buried in tribal cemeteries for certain Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs burial benefits. Sec. 202. Department of Veterans Affairs provision of headstones and markers for, and interment in national cemeteries of, spouses and dependent children of mem-bers of the Armed Forces serv-ing on active duty. TITLE III—CIVIL RELIEF Sec. 301. Termination of leases of premises of deceased servicemembers who die while in military serv-ice. Sec. 302. Residence of spouses of service-members for tax purposes. Sec. 303. Residence of spouses of service-members for voting. Sec. 304. Termination of multichannel video programming and internet ac-cess service contracts. TITLE IV—TRANSITION ASSISTANCE Sec. 401. Study of community-based transi-tion assistance programs for members of the Armed Forces after separation, retirement, or discharge. TITLE V—DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION Sec. 501. Misuse of Department of Veterans Affairs purchase cards by De-partment employees. Sec. 502. Updating dependent information. Sec. 503. Oversight of Electronic Health Record Modernization Program. Sec. 504. Department of Veterans Affairs no-tice relating to debt collection activities. TITLE VI—MEDICAL FACILITIES Sec. 601. Authorization of major medical fa-cility projects for fiscal year 2019. Sec. 602. Plans to improve medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs. TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS Sec. 701. Homeless veterans reintegration programs. Sec. 702. Technical corrections. Sec. 703. Medical Surgical Prime Vendor program. Sec. 704. Report on expanding access to den-tal care for veterans eligible for health care from the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. TITLE I—EDUCATION SEC. 101. INCLUSION OF CERTAIN ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF ACTIVE DUTY SERVICE FOR PURPOSES OF SUSPENSION OF CHARGES TO ENTITLEMENT DURING PERIODS OF SUSPENDED PARTICI-PATION IN DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS VOCATIONAL REHA-BILITATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 3105(e)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 12304’’ and inserting ‘‘12304, 12304a, or 12304b’’. 
SEC. 102. PROVISION OF MONTHLY HOUSING STI-PEND INFORMATION UNDER POST-9/ 11 EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 3313 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(k) P
ROVISION OF HOUSING STIPEND PAY-
MENT INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall fur-nish to individuals receiving educational as-sistance under this chapter documentation that verifies the amount of the monthly housing stipend the individual receives under this section. ‘‘(2) M
ANNER .—The Secretary shall make such documentation available to the indi-vidual using an internet website in the same manner the Secretary provides documenta-tion verifying compensation and other bene-fits furnished by the Secretary to individ-uals.’’. 
SEC. 103. DISAPPROVAL FOR PURPOSES OF EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS OF CERTAIN COURSES OF EDUCATION THAT DO NOT PERMIT INDIVIDUALS TO ATTEND OR PAR-TICIPATE IN COURSES PENDING PAYMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3679 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this chapter, beginning on August 1, 2019, a State approving agency, or the Sec-retary when acting in the role of the State approving agency, shall disapprove a course of education provided by an educational in-stitution that has in effect a policy that is inconsistent with any of the following: ‘‘(A) A policy that permits any covered in-dividual to attend or participate in the course of education during the period begin-ning on the date on which the individual pro-vides to the educational institution a certifi-cate of eligibility for entitlement to edu-cational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title and ending on the earlier of the fol-lowing dates: ‘‘(i) The date on which the Secretary pro-vides payment for such course of education to such institution. ‘‘(ii) The date that is 90 days after the date on which the educational institution cer-tifies for tuition and fees following receipt from the student such certificate of eligi-bility. ‘‘(B) A policy that ensures that the edu-cational institution will not impose any pen-alty, including the assessment of late fees, the denial of access to classes, libraries, or other institutional facilities, or the require-ment that a covered individual borrow addi-tional funds, on any covered individual be-cause of the individual’s inability to meet his or her financial obligations to the insti-tution due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of this title. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this subsection, a cov-ered individual is any individual who is enti-tled to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may waive such re-quirements of paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.040 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9795 December 10, 2018 
‘‘(4) It shall not be inconsistent with a pol-icy described in paragraph (1) for an edu-cational institution to require a covered in-dividual to take the following additional ac-tions: ‘‘(A) Submit a certificate of eligibility for entitlement to educational assistance not later than the first day of a course of edu-cation for which the individual has indicated the individual wishes to use the individual’s entitlement to educational assistance. ‘‘(B) Submit a written request to use such entitlement. ‘‘(C) Provide additional information nec-essary to the proper certification of enroll-ment by the educational institution.’’. (b) P
ROMPT PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that the Secretary makes a payment to an educational institu-tion on behalf of an individual, who is enti-tled to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of title 38, United States Code, and who is using such assistance to pursue a pro-gram of education at the educational institu-tion, not later than 60 days after the date on which the educational institution certifies to the Secretary the applicable tuition and fees for the individual. (2) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than May 1 and October 1 of each year, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a semiannual report sum-marizing any cases in which the Secretary failed to make a payment described in para-graph (1) within the period set forth in such paragraph and an explanation for each de-layed disbursement of payment. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—In a case in which an individual is unable to meet a fi-nancial obligation to an educational institu-tion due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of such title and the amount of such disbursement is less than an-ticipated, nothing in section 3679(e) of such title, as added by subsection (a), shall be construed to prohibit an educational institu-tion from requiring additional payment or imposing a fee for the amount that is the dif-ference between the amount of the financial obligation and the amount of the disburse-ment. 
SEC. 104. PROVISION OF INFORMATION ON RE-QUIRED ADDITIONAL ACTIONS TO ALLOW INDIVIDUALS TO STAY EN-ROLLED IN COURSES OF EDUCATION PENDING RECEIPT OF EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE FROM DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 3698(c)(1)(C) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in clause (x), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (2) in clause (xi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(xii) information on whether the institu-tion requires a covered individual to take ad-ditional action pursuant to section 3679(e)(4) of this title to stay enrolled in a course pending receipt of educational assistance under a law administered by the Secretary.’’. 
SECTION 105. CALCULATION OF MONTHLY HOUS-ING STIPEND UNDER HIGH TECH-NOLOGY PILOT PROGRAM BASED ON LOCATION OF CAMPUS WHERE VET-ERAN ATTENDS CLASSES. 
Section 116(d)(1) of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48, 38 U.S.C. 3001 (note)), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the institution at which the individual is en-rolled’’ and inserting ‘‘the campus of the in-stitution where the individual physically participates in a majority of classes’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the amount payable’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘the national average of the monthly amount of the basic allowance for housing payable under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, for a member with dependents in pay grade E–5’’. SEC. 106. CLARIFICATION REGARDING APPLICA-BILITY OF AUTHORITY TO USE EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE TO PURSUE INDEPENDENT STUDY PROGRAMS AT CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL INSTITU-TIONS THAT ARE NOT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING. 
The section heading for section 302 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational As-sistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48; 131 Stat. 990) is amended to read as follows (and the table of contents for such Act is con-formed accordingly): 
‘‘SEC. 302. AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE UNDER ANY OF THE EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO PURSUE INDEPENDENT STUDY PROGRAMS AT CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL INSTITU-TIONS THAT ARE NOT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING.’’. 
TITLE II—MEMORIAL AFFAIRS 
SEC. 201. ELIGIBILITY OF SPOUSES AND CHIL-DREN OF VETERANS BURIED IN TRIBAL CEMETERIES FOR CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS BURIAL BENEFITS. 
Section 2306 of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(4), by inserting ‘‘or a veterans’ cemetery owned by a tribal organi-zation or on land owned by or held in trust for a tribal organization’’ after ‘‘State’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘, a veterans’ cemetery of a tribal organization or on land owned by or held in trust for a tribal organization’’ after ‘‘owned by a State’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (B) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘(1) The Secretary’’; (C) by striking ‘‘a national cemetery or in a veterans cemetery of a State or tribal or-ganization for which the Department has provided a grant under section 2408 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘a covered cemetery’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) The term ‘covered cemetery’ means any of the following: ‘‘(A) A national cemetery. ‘‘(B) A veterans’ cemetery of a State for which the Department has provided a grant under section 2408 of this title. ‘‘(C) A veterans’ cemetery of a tribal orga-nization or on land owned by or held in trust for a tribal organization for which the De-partment has provided a grant under sub-section (f) of such section.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) In this section, the term ‘tribal organi-zation’ has the meaning given such term in section 3765 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 202. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PROVISION OF HEADSTONES AND MARKERS FOR, AND INTERMENT IN NATIONAL CEMETERIES OF, SPOUSES AND DEPENDENT CHIL-DREN OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES SERVING ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) H EADSTONES AND MARKERS .—Section 2306(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, or the spouse of a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty under conditions other than dishonorable, as shown by a statement from a general court-martial con-vening authority, at the time of the spouse’s death if such death occurs before October 1, 2024’’ after ‘‘veteran’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, or the eligible dependent child of a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty under conditions other than dishonorable, as shown by a statement from a general court- martial convening authority, at the time of the child’s death if such death occurs before October 1, 2024’’ after ‘‘veteran’’. (b) INTERMENT IN NATIONAL CEMETERIES .— Section 2402(a)(5) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘, and the spouse, minor child, and, in the discretion of the Secretary, unmarried adult child of a member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty under conditions other than dishonorable, as shown by a statement from a general court-martial con-vening authority, at the time of the spouse’s or child’s death if such death occurs before October 1, 2024’’ after ‘‘paragraph (7)’’. TITLE III—CIVIL RELIEF 
SEC. 301. TERMINATION OF LEASES OF PREMISES OF DECEASED SERVICEMEMBERS WHO DIE WHILE IN MILITARY SERV-ICE. 
Section 305(a) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3955) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
BYLESSEE ’’; (2) in the heading for paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘I
N GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘T ERMI-
NATION BY LESSEE ’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) D
EATH OF LESSEE .—The spouse of the lessee on a lease described in subsection (b)(1) may terminate the lease during the one-year period beginning on the date of the death of the lessee, if the lessee dies while in military service or while performing full- time National Guard duty, active Guard and Reserve duty, or inactive-duty training (as such terms are defined in section 101(d) of title 10, United States Code).’’. 
SEC. 302. RESIDENCE OF SPOUSES OF SERVICEMEMBERS FOR TAX PUR-POSES. 
(a) R ESIDENCE FOR TAXPURPOSES .—Section 511(a)(2) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 4001(a)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘A spouse’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A spouse’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) E
LECTION .—For any taxable year of the marriage, the spouse of a servicemember may elect to use the same residence for pur-poses of taxation as the servicemember re-gardless of the date on which the marriage of the spouse and the servicemember oc-curred.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any return of State or local income tax filed for any taxable year beginning with the tax-able year that includes the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. RESIDENCE OF SPOUSES OF SERVICEMEMBERS FOR VOTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 705(b) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 4025(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘State or local office’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘State or local office—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) a person who is absent from a State because the person is accompanying the per-son’s spouse who is absent from that same 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.023 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9796 December 10, 2018 
State in compliance with military or naval orders shall not, solely by reason of that ab-sence— ‘‘(A) be deemed to have lost a residence or domicile in that State, without regard to whether or not the person intends to return to that State; ‘‘(B) be deemed to have acquired a resi-dence or domicile in any other State; or ‘‘(C) be deemed to have become a resident in or a resident of any other State; and ‘‘(2) the spouse of a servicemember may elect to use the same residence as the serv-icemember regardless of the date on which the marriage of the spouse and the service-member occurred.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. TERMINATION OF MULTICHANNEL VIDEO PROGRAMMING AND INTER-NET ACCESS SERVICE CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 305A of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3956) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ , 
MULTICHANNEL VIDEO PROGRAMMING , AND 
INTERNET ACCESS ’’ after ‘‘ TELEPHONE ’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘cellular telephone service or telephone exchange service’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial mobile service, telephone exchange service, internet access service, or multichannel video pro-gramming service’’; (3) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘for com-mercial mobile service or telephone ex-change service’’ before ‘‘terminated’’; (4) in subsection (d), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘cellular telephone service’’ and inserting ‘‘commer-cial mobile service’’; (5) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘For any’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For any’’; (B) by striking ‘‘If the’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) R
EINSTATEMENT OF SERVICE .—If the’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
ETURN OF PROVIDER -OWNED EQUIP -
MENT .—If a servicemember terminates a con-tract under subsection (a), the servicemem-ber shall return any provider-owned con-sumer premises equipment to the service provider not later than 10 days after the date on which service is disconnected.’’; and (6) in subsection (g)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4); and (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) The term ‘commercial mobile service’ has the meaning given that term in section 332(d) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 332(d)). ‘‘(2) The term ‘multichannel video pro-gramming service’ means a subscription video service offered by a multichannel video programming distributor, as that term is de-fined in section 602 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 522), over a system the distributor owns or controls. ‘‘(3) The term ‘provider-owned consumer premises equipment’ means any equipment that a provider of internet access service or multichannel video programming service rents or loans to a customer during the pro-vision of that service, including gateways, routers, cable modems, voice-capable modems, CableCARDs, converters, digital adapters, remote controls, and any other equipment provided.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE HEADING .—The heading for title III of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is amended by striking ‘‘TELEPHONE’’ and in- serting ‘‘COMMUNICATIONS’’. (2) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to title III and inserting the following new item: ‘‘TITLE III—RENT, INSTALLMENT CON-TRACTS, MORTGAGES, LIENS, ASSIGN-MENT, LEASES, COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE CONTRACTS’’; and (B) by striking the item relating to section 305A and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 305A. Termination of telephone, mul-tichannel video programming, and internet access service con-tracts.’’. TITLE IV—TRANSITION ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 401. STUDY OF COMMUNITY-BASED TRANSI-TION ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AFTER SEPARATION, RETIREMENT, OR DISCHARGE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, in consultation with State entities that serve members of the Armed Forces who are retired, separated, or discharged from the Armed Forces, shall enter into an agree-ment with an appropriate non-Federal entity to carry out a study to identify community- based programs— (1) that provide transition assistance to such members; and (2) operated by nonprofit entities. (b) T
RANSMISSION TO MEMBERS .—The Sec- retary of Veterans Affairs shall transmit the list of programs identified under this section to the Secretary of Defense so the Secre-taries of the military departments may pro-vide information in the list to members of the Armed Forces who participate in the Transition Assistance Program under sec-tions 1142 and 1144 of title 10, United States Code. (c) O
NLINE PUBLICATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall publish the most re-cent version of the list of programs identi-fied under this section on a public website of the Department of Veterans Affairs. TITLE V—DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 501. MISUSE OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS PURCHASE CARDS BY DE-PARTMENT EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 728. Misuse of Department purchase cards ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary shall prohibit any employee of the Department who the Secretary or the Inspector General of the Department determines has knowingly misused a purchase card from serving as a purchase card holder or approving official. ‘‘(2) Such a prohibition shall be in addition to any other applicable penalty. ‘‘(b) M
ISUSE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘misuse’ means— ‘‘(1) splitting purchases; ‘‘(2) exceeding applicable purchase card limits or purchase thresholds; ‘‘(3) purchasing any unauthorized item; ‘‘(4) using a purchase card without being an authorized purchase card holder; or ‘‘(5) violating ethics standards.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 728 the following new item: ‘‘728. Misuse of Department purchase cards.’’. 
SEC. 502. UPDATING DEPENDENT INFORMATION. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall make such changes to such information technology systems of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including the eBenefits system or successor system, as may be nec-essary so that whenever the Secretary records in such systems information about a dependent of a person, the person is able to review and revise such information. SEC. 503. OVERSIGHT OF ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD MODERNIZATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM DOCUMENTS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees the following documents concerning the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program: (1) Integrated Master Plan. (2) Integrated Master Schedule. (3) Program Management Plan. (4) Annual and lifecycle cost estimates, in-cluding, at a minimum, cost elements relat-ing to— (A) Federal Government labor; (B) contractor labor; (C) hardware; (D) software; and (E) testing and evaluation. (5) Cost baseline. (6) Risk Management Plan. (7) Health IT Strategic Architecture Plan. (8) Transition Plan for implementing up-dated architecture. (9) Data Migration Plan. (10) System and Data Security Plan. (11) Application Implementation Plan. (12) System Design Documents. (13) Legacy Veterans Information Systems and Technology Architecture Standardiza-tion, Security Enhancement, and Consolida-tion Project Plan. (14) Health Data Interoperability Manage-ment Plan. (15) Community Care Vision and Imple-mentation Plan, including milestones and a detailed description of how complete inter-operability with non-Department health care providers will be achieved. (b) Q
UARTERLY UPDATES .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter dur-ing the period beginning with the fiscal quar-ter in which this Act is enacted and ending on the date on which the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees the most recent updated versions, if any exist, of the following documents: (1) Integrated Master Schedule. (2) Program Management Plan, including any written Program Management Review material developed for the Program Manage-ment Plan during the fiscal quarter covered by the submission. (3) Each document described in subsection (a)(4). (4) Performance Baseline Report for the fiscal quarter covered by the submission or for the fiscal quarter ending the fiscal year prior to the submission. (5) Budget Reconciliation Report. (6) Risk Management Plan and Risk Reg-ister. (c) C
ONTRACTS .—Not later than 5 days after awarding a contract, order, or agreement, in-cluding any modifications thereto, under the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a copy of the entire such contract, order, agree-ment, or modification. (d) N
OTIFICATION .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 10 days after an event described in paragraph (2) oc-curs, the Secretary shall notify the appro-priate congressional committees of such oc-currence, including a description of the event and an explanation for why such event occurred. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.023 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9797 December 10, 2018 
(2) E VENT DESCRIBED .—An event described in this paragraph is any of the following events regarding the Electronic Health Record Modernization Program: (A) The delay of any milestone or deliver-able by 30 or more days. (B) A request for equitable adjustment, eq-uitable adjustment, or change order exceed-ing $1,000,000 (as such terms are defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation). (C) The submission of any protest, claim, or dispute, and the resolution of any protest, claim, or dispute (as such terms are defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation). (D) A loss of clinical or other data. (E) A breach of patient privacy, including any— (i) disclosure of protected health informa-tion that is not permitted under regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Account-ability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191; 42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note); and (ii) breach of sensitive personal informa-tion (as defined in section 5727 of title 38, United States Code). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate; and (B) the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘Electronic Health Record Modernization Program’’ means— (A) any activities by the Department of Veterans Affairs to procure or implement an electronic health or medical record system to replace any or all of the Veterans Infor-mation Systems and Technology Architec-ture, the Computerized Patient Record Sys-tem, the Joint Legacy Viewer, or the Enter-prise Health Management Platform; and (B) any contracts or agreements entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out, support, or analyze the activities under subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 504. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS NOTICE RELATING TO DEBT COL-LECTION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) D EBTNOTIFICATION LETTER FORMATS .— The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall col-laborate with veterans service organizations to develop a standard format for any letter provided to an individual who the Secretary determines is indebted to the United States by virtue of such individual’s participation in a benefits program administered by the Secretary. Such letter shall be written in plain language and shall include a notice of the debt and a clear explanation of— (1) why the individual is indebted to the United States by virtue of such person’s par-ticipation in a benefits program adminis-tered by the Secretary; and (2) the options available to the individual. (b) D
ELIVERY OF DEBTNOTICES BY STAND -
ARDMAIL AND ELECTRONIC MEANS .—The Sec- retary shall develop a method by which indi-viduals may elect to receive notice of debt by electronic means and shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that the letter developed under subsection (a) is delivered— (1) by both standard mail and by electronic means to intended recipients who have made such an election; and (2) only by standard mail to intended re-cipients who have not made such an election. (c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .— (1) N
OTICES OF COMPLETION .—Upon comple-tion of the development of the standard let-ter format required under subsection (a) and upon completion of development of the method by which individuals may elect to re-ceive notice of debt by electronic means under subsection (b), the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress notice of the completion of the respective development. (2) PROGRESS REPORTS .—If the Secretary has not submitted each notice required by paragraph (1) by the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (A) submit to Congress a report describing the progress of the Secretary toward imple-menting subsections (a) and (b) and an expla-nation for why the respective development has not been completed; and (B) every 30 days thereafter until all of the notices required by paragraph (1) have been submitted, submit to Congress an update to the report under subparagraph (A) that in-cludes an additional explanation for the fail-ure to complete the respective development. (d) S
TUDY AND REPORT .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall conduct a study on the process by which individuals who are in-debted to the United States by virtue of their participation in a benefits program ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs are notified of debt collection efforts relating to such indebtedness. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The study required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) An analysis of the scope of the problem of individuals who are indebted to the United States by virtue of their participation in a benefits program administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs not receiving debt collection notices relating to such indebted-ness. (B) Identification of administrative actions the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of the Treasury can carry out to reduce the number of incorrect or unknown addresses of such individuals in the data-bases of the Department Veterans Affairs and the Department of the Treasury and a timeline for carrying out such actions. (C) An estimate of the costs associated with sending debt collection notices to such individuals by certified mail. (D) An analysis of whether, or to what ex-tent, sending debt collection notices to such individuals by certified mail would address the problem analyzed under subparagraph (A). (E) An analysis of the requirements and re-sources that would be necessary for the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to establish a method for the Secretary to display in one consolidated document the details regarding all of the debts of an individual to the United States by virtue of such individual’s partici-pation in a benefits program administered by the Secretary. (F) An analysis of the extent to which such individuals are so indebted by reason of ac-tions by the Secretary or by actions of the individual, including any trends relating to whether the actions of the individual may be by reason of error, misrepresentation, or fraud. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall submit to Congress a report on the findings of the Secretaries with respect to the study conducted under paragraph (1). TITLE VI—MEDICAL FACILITIES 
SEC. 601. AUTHORIZATION OF MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs may carry out the following major medical facility projects in fiscal year 2019 at the locations specified and in an amount for each project not to exceed the amount specified for such location: (1) Construction of a community living center and renovation of domiciliary and outpatient facilities in Canandaigua, New York, in an amount not to exceed $351,980,000 (an increase of $193,000,000 as compared to the previous authorization for such project). (2) Renovation of space for a simulation training education center in North Chicago, Illinois, in an amount not to exceed $15,980,000. (3) Construction of a surgical intensive care unit and renovation to expand the oper-ating room suite in Oklahoma City, Okla-homa, in an amount not to exceed $29,461,000. (4) Construction of a new medical facility in Louisville, Kentucky, in an amount not to exceed $450,000,000 (an increase of $300,000,000 as compared to the previous authorization for such project). (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2019 or the year in which funds are appro-priated for the Construction, Major Projects account, $847,421,000 for the projects author-ized in subsection (a). 
SEC. 602. PLANS TO IMPROVE MEDICAL FACILI-TIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— (1) P
LANS OF DIRECTORS OF MEDICAL FACILI -
TIES.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall require each direc-tor of a medical facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs to submit to the director of the Veterans Integrated Service Network that covers the facility a plan to improve such facility. (2) P
LANS OF DIRECTORS OF VETERANS INTE -
GRATED SERVICE NETWORKS .—The Secretary shall require each director of a Veterans In-tegrated Service Network to submit to the Secretary, not later than 60 days after re-ceiving all of the plans under paragraph (1), a plan, based on the plans received under paragraph (1), to improve the facilities with-in that Veterans Integrated Service Network in such a fashion that would improve the ability of all facilities within that network to provide the best and most efficient care to patients. (b) R
EGULAR REPORTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that each director of a Veterans Integrated Service Network submits to the Secretary, not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every two years thereafter, a report on the actions taken by the director to improve the facilities within that Veterans Integrated Service Network and what further such actions might be nec-essary. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE OF AUTHORI -
TIES TO INVESTIGATE MEDICAL CENTERS OF  
THEDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should make full use of the authorities provided by section 2 of the En-hancing Veteran Care Act (Public Law 115– 95; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 701. HOMELESS VETERANS REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2021(a) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘reintegration of homeless veterans into the labor force.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘reintegration into the labor force of—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) homeless veterans (including veterans who were homeless but found housing during the 60-day period preceding the date on which the veteran begins to participate in a program under this section); ‘‘(2) veterans participating in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs supported housing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.023 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9798 December 10, 2018 
program for which rental assistance is pro-vided pursuant to section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(19)) or the Tribal HUD–VA Sup-portive Housing (Tribal HUD–VASH) pro-gram; ‘‘(3) Indians who are veterans and receiving assistance under the Native American Hous-ing Assistance and Self Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.); ‘‘(4) veterans described in section 2023(e) of this title or any other veterans who are transitioning from being incarcerated; and ‘‘(5) veterans participating in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs rapid rehousing and prevention program authorized in section 2044 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 702. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 38.—Title 38, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) In the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 55, by inserting a period at the end of the item relating to section 5501A. (2) In section 7463(c)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘to answer to answer’’ and inserting ‘‘to an-swer’’. (b) V
ETERANS ’ B ENEFITS IMPROVEMENTS  A
CT OF 1996.—Section 504 of the Veterans’ Benefits Improvements Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–275; 38 U.S.C. 5101 note) is amended by redesignating the second subsection (c) as subsection (d). 
SEC. 703. MEDICAL SURGICAL PRIME VENDOR PROGRAM. 
(a) V ENDORS .—In procuring certain med-ical, surgical, and dental supplies or labora-tory supplies for medical centers of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall carry out the Med-ical Surgical Prime Vendor program, or suc-cessor program, in a manner that— (1) requires the Secretary to award con-tracts to multiple regional prime vendors in-stead of a single nationwide prime vendor; and (2) prohibits a prime vendor from solely de-signing the formulary of such supplies. (b) C
LINICALLY DRIVEN SOURCING .— (1) E
XPERTISE .—In carrying out the for-mulary of supplies under the Medical Sur-gical Prime Vendor program, or successor program, the Secretary shall ensure that each employee of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs who conducts formulary anal-yses or makes decisions with respect to in-cluding items on the formulary has medical expertise relevant to the items for which the employee conducts such analyses or makes such decisions. (2) L
ISTS.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every six months thereafter with respect to any updates, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a list of each employee described in paragraph (1) and the relevant medical expertise of the employee, listed by the categories of items in the formulary described in such para-graph. 
SEC. 704. REPORT ON EXPANDING ACCESS TO DENTAL CARE FOR VETERANS ELI-GIBLE FOR HEALTH CARE FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 360 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a re-port on the feasibility and advisability of ex-panding access to dental care for eligible veterans. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of access to dental care for eligible veterans outside of the Department, including— (A) the percentage of eligible veterans cur-rently enrolled in dental insurance through a third-party payer, including— (i) the dental insurance plan for veterans and survivors and dependents of veterans under section 1712C of title 38, United States Code; (ii) the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); and (iii) employer-sponsored dental insurance; (B) the affordability of dental insurance described in subparagraph (A); and (C) the comprehensiveness of benefits of dental insurance described in subparagraph (A). (2) An analysis of the current oral health needs of eligible veterans, including an esti-mate of the number of eligible veterans who— (A) experience untreated cavities or decay; (B) require dentures, implants, or other re-storative dental services; or (C) have not received regular dental cleanings within the two-year period pre-ceding the report. (3) An analysis of the financial impact to the Department of Veterans Affairs of pro-viding dental care to eligible veterans, in-cluding— (A) whether the provision of such services would result in a reduction in total health care costs; (B) a cost-benefit analysis that indicates potential cost savings to the Department over a 5-, 10-, and 20-year period; and (C) projected cost savings to the Depart-ment and across the broader health care sys-tem. (4) An analysis of the number and types of dental providers necessary to treat eligible veterans, including— (A) dentists; (B) hygienists; (C) dental technicians; and (D) dental therapists. (c) CATEGORIES OF ELIGIBLE VETERANS .— The report required by subsection (a) shall be disaggregated by each of the following categories of eligible veterans: (1) Veterans enrolled in the system of an-nual patient enrollment of the Department pursuant to the priority group under sub-section (a)(6) of section 1705 of such title. (2) Veterans enrolled in such system pursu-ant to the priority group under subsection (a)(5) of such section. (3) Veterans enrolled in such system pursu-ant to a priority group under any of sub-sections (a)(1) through (a)(4) of such section. (4) Veterans enrolled in such system pursu-ant to a priority group under subsection (a)(7) or (a)(8) of such section. (d) E
LIGIBLE VETERANS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘eligible veterans’’ means veterans enrolled in the system of annual pa-tient enrollment of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs established and operated under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE of Texas). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. R
OE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and add ex-traneous material. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2248, as amended, the Veterans Benefits and Transition Act of 2018. This legislation is a prenegotiated, bi-partisan package of bills that we have worked out with the Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. The amended version of the bill contains 23 sections, many of which originated in the 80-plus veterans bills that the House passed in the 115th Congress. Though S. 2248, as amended, reflects just a fraction of our collective efforts, as we were unable to come to an agree-ment with the Senate on several out-standing issues, it, nonetheless, con-tains many important provisions that we can all be pleased to support. For example, one provision of the bill would make schools ineligible for GI Bill tuition payments if they place pen-alties or burdens on students due to the Department of Veterans Affairs’ inabil-ity to pay the GI Bill payments to schools on time. This provision was championed by Vice Chairman BILI-
RAKIS , and I thank him for his advo-cacy. There are several provisions in the bill that make improvements to the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act that protect deployed servicemembers from commercial penalties, which they can occur as a result of their service. The bill also includes provisions that would improve burial benefits for serv-icemembers, veterans, and their fami-lies; expand eligibility for a successful homeless veteran job training program; authorize funding for VA construction projects; and provide critical oversight of government purchase cards and the development of VA’s new electronic health record. Mr. Speaker, before yielding back, I will take a moment to say that serving as chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee has been an immense honor to me, and I am grateful to all of those who put their trust and faith in me to fulfill this role for Congress. I thank a number of individuals who have been instrumental in this com-mittee’s success during the 115th Con-gress. First, I thank Ranking Member W
ALZ, the newly elected Governor of the very cold State of Minnesota; my subcommittee chairmen and ranking members; and the members of the com-mittee. Without their continued hard work and involvement, none of this congressional success in the veterans area would have been realized. Many members on our committee had numer-ous other duties but never, ever ne-glected the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. I thank the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee chairman, Senator I
SAKSON , and Ranking Member J
ONTESTER for their hard work, and I look forward to working with them in the next Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.023 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9799 December 10, 2018 
b1700 I am also grateful to the House lead-ership on both sides of the aisle, but particularly Speaker P
AULRYAN, Lead-er M
CCARTHY , Whip S TEVE SCALISE , and C
ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS . Lead-ership support for this committee was unwavering and ensured that veterans’ matters received the time and atten-tion they so richly deserve. Finally, I want to thank all Members of the House of Representatives who strive, day in and day out, to do right by America’s veterans. With Members’ support, we have helped enact land-mark legislation this Congress, includ-ing: The VA MISSION Act, the Forever GI Bill, the VA Accountability Act, ap-peals reform, and many, many other smaller, yet impactful pieces of legisla-tion which Americans, and especially veterans, can be proud of. The bipartisan nature of this com-mittee is unique in Congress, and it is nothing less than what our veterans de-serve. I look forward to serving as ranking Republican member of the committee next Congress and con-tinuing our work with soon-to-be Chairman M
ARKTAKANO . I urge my colleagues to support S. 2248, as amended, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the House amendment to S. 2248, the Veterans Benefit and Transition Act of 2018. This bipartisan measure contains legislation championed by my House and Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle and is a testament to the bi-partisan relationships we cultivate and preserve on both the House and Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committees. I thank Chairman R
OEand all mem-bers of the House and Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committees, both Democrats and Republicans, for their hard work putting together this legislative pack-age that will improve the benefits and support our country owes America’s veterans. I want to specifically acknowledge my Democratic colleagues, Ranking Member W
ALZ, now Governor-elect of Minnesota—and, yes, Chairman R
OE, it is very cold there—Congressman S
COTT P
ETERS , Congressman C ORREA , Con-gresswoman P
INGREE , Congressman H
IMES, and Congresswoman B USTOS , who have made valuable contributions to this legislation. I would also like to take this time to thank Dr. R
OEfor his leadership as chairman of this committee in this Congress. I look forward to working with Dr. R
OEas ranking member of the 116th Congress so that we can continue to function as a productive committee in the 116th, free from partisan grid-lock, on behalf of the veterans whom we represent. Now, as a former teacher—actually, a current teacher—and advocate for im-proving educational and training op-portunities for veterans, I am pleased this legislation contains several provi-sions written by my colleagues that will improve the lives of our student veterans and those of our Gold Star spouses. This package also includes a provi-sion that helps our reservists and Na-tional Guard members access the valu-able help that the vocational rehabili-tation program can provide. I would first like to highlight legisla-tion written by Mr. PETERS , our col-league on this committee. This meas-ure contains his bill, H.R. 5538, that would provide parity to our National Guard and Reserve servicemembers in-voluntarily mobilized to Active Duty under 12304b of title 10 in support of commands that conduct combat mis-sions. As our country continues to utilize our Guard and Reserve members as an operational reserve force, it is criti-cally important that we modernize our statutes to treat our Guard and Re-serve members who have served shoul-der to shoulder with Active-Duty serv-icemembers on multiple deployments with parity while they serve in uni-form. This bill allows Guard and Reserve members to stop the clock on the 12- year limit to use vocational rehabilita-tion programs while they are sup-porting active combat missions. Cur-rently, the clock is stopped for most other instances in which National Guard and Reserve are mobilized, but this particular authority was over-looked. This is an important fix because the Department of Defense continues to in-crease the use of its 12304b authority. With this provision, Congress has the authority to be proactive in addressing the needs of our servicemembers. Now, let me turn to Congressman H
IMES’ bill, H.R. 3634, the Securing Electronic Records for Veterans’ Ease Act of 2017. It is included in this meas-ure as well. For student veterans, the VA does not currently provide sufficient infor-mation about the exact amount of housing stipend that a beneficiary will receive under the GI Bill benefits; but many veterans rely on their housing stipend to pay for housing while they are attending school, making it nec-essary for them to show proof of their housing allowance as proof of income. Without this proof of income, veterans often find themselves unable to secure housing before the start of school. Now, this is a commonsense piece of documentation that VA can electroni-cally provide to allow our veterans to easily use their earned benefits, and I am pleased this great idea by Congress-man H
IMES was included in this pack-age. Congresswoman B
USTOS ’ legislation, H.R. 5882, the Gold Star Spouses Leas-ing Relief Act, would allow the spouse of a deceased servicemember to termi-nate a housing lease following the death of his or her loved one. Servicemembers and their families are often stationed far from home due to the needs of the service. In the sad and difficult time after the passing of a servicemember, spouses should not be locked into a rental lease far away from their home and support network and face an additional financial burden to return home. This small detail can make life a lot easier for a grieving spouse, and I am pleased to see my colleague’s bill in-cluded in this package. Congressman LOUCORREA , our col-league on this committee, introduced H.R. 4335, the Servicemember Family Burial Act, which makes permanent VA’s practice of providing burials and headstones for the family of service-members who predecease them. When an Active-Duty servicemember loses a spouse or a child, it is always in tragic and difficult circumstances. VA should continue to seamlessly provide this benefit with dignity, sensitivity, and compassion. I want to thank Congressman C
ORREA  for sponsoring this legislation, and I am pleased to see it included in this measure. I also wish to highlight legislation written by Congresswoman P
INGREE , the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act of 2017, which is included in this legisla-tive package. The American Legion, the Disabled American Veterans, the Paralyzed Vet-erans of America, the Tragedy Assist-ance Program for Survivors, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars testified be-fore our committee that the debt col-lection letters VA sends veterans are confusing, do not clearly explain the reason for the debt or clearly describe the steps a veteran must take to dis-pute or mitigate the debt. This legislation would require VA to explain the reason the veteran incurred a debt in plain language and clearly ex-plain the steps they can take to dis-pute or repay the debt. It would also require VA to give vet-erans the option to opt-in to electronic notification and require VA to deter-mine the number of veterans who are not receiving debt notification letters due to incorrect addresses on file, which prevents veterans from taking action because they have not been no-tified. This legislation forces VA to make these changes within 90 days of enactment. Finally, I wish to thank my good friend, Ranking Member T
IMWALZ, for his leadership on this committee dur-ing the 115th Congress. The Governor- elect of Minnesota leaves the United States House of Representatives with a legacy of bipartisan legislative accom-plishments that will undoubtedly im-prove the lives of veterans for years to come. I want to thank Chairman R
OEand our Senate colleagues for including his bill, H.R. 4245, the Veterans’ Electronic Health Record Modernization Over-sight Act of 2017, in this measure, ena-bling this committee to continue its oversight of the $16 billion Electronic Health Record Modernization, or EHRM, program over the next 10 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.043 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9800 December 10, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I say to the gentleman, Chairman R
OE, we are going to do in-tensive oversight of this project; I guarantee you that. This legislation requires the VA to submit contract, technical, and other documents to Congress and to provide updated documents on a quarterly basis. The legislation also requires VA to notify Congress about program chal-lenges, including incidents affecting patient safety, cost overruns over $1 million, and a milestone delay of 30 days or more, bid protests, or a data or privacy breach. Now, we know that we will likely need to expand these reporting require-ments in the future to include other contract and technical documents as the program matures and additional technical capabilities are achieved. I look forward to working with my col-leagues in the next Congress to ensure that we maintain close oversight of this program and hold VA accountable, if necessary. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the House amendment to S. 2248, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), vice chair of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and one of the most fierce advocates for our veterans in this Congress. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the House amendment to S. 2248, the Veterans Benefit and Transition Act. I am proud of the work Chairman R
OEand the rest of our committee did to pass the multiple historic pieces of legislation over the course of this Con-gress, including the Forever GI Bill and the VA MISSION Act. Despite all the progress we have made, there is still more work to be done. I look forward to working on these issues for our heroes. This legislative package contains many commonsense, zero-cost bills we passed in the House over the past year but have stalled in the Senate. But I know there is an agreement in the Sen-ate, and we are going to get this done before the end of the year. I am especially proud that this pack-age contains a provision that includes my bill, H.R. 4830, the SIT-REP Act, which will hold student veterans harm-less from bureaucratic red tape and delays at higher education institutions and at the VA. This legislation pre-vents educational institutions from im-posing a fee on student veterans or de-nying their access to education when tuition payments are delayed by bu-reaucracy, no fault of the veteran. In our subcommittee hearings on the implementation of the Forever GI Bill, we heard many concerns about delays and processing of tuition payments be-tween schools and the VA. I also had roundtables in my district and heard the same concerns, Mr. Speaker. This fall semester, IT failures and delay at the VA led to an artificially created backlog, adding a significant amount of stress to our heroes who rely on their monthly stipends and tuition benefits. In some cases, delays meant the schools putting a hold on a stu-dent’s account or forcing the student to begin payment of tuition and fees on a payment plan until they receive the money from the VA. It is unacceptable. We cannot allow this type of uncertainty for our Na-tion’s heroes, Mr. Speaker, and my SIT-REP bill protects these veterans from additional penalties from schools. It is not the veterans’ fault, and they should not be punished for the actions of others. It is as simple as that. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this commonsense, bipar-tisan legislative package which con-tains many additional provisions to help our veterans, such as a study on community-based transition assistance programs, a report on the feasibility of expanding access to dental care for vet-erans at the VA, and the expansion of eligibility under the Homeless Vet-erans’ Reintegration Program. I hope the Senate takes this up quickly, and I know they will. I want them to pass the Veterans Benefit and Transition Act of 2018 so we can send it to the President’s desk before the year’s end. Mr. Speaker, the chairman did an outstanding job as chairman, and my friend Ranking Member WALZ did as well on behalf of our heroes. I thank Mr. T
AKANO and congratulate him on being the next chairman of the committee. I look forward to working with him. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire how much time I have remain-ing? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California has 10
1⁄2min-utes remaining. b1715 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ORREA ), my colleague, my good friend and fellow Californian, and member of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the House amendment to S. 2248. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OE for his service and leadership in the committee. I also thank Ranking Mem-ber W
ALZ, as well as the committee staff, for their efforts in this legisla-tion and for including my bipartisan bill, the Servicemember Family Burial Act, as a provision of this larger bill. When the Department of Veterans Affairs provides burial and headstones or markers for eligible family members who predecease active servicemembers, it is always under very difficult situa-tions. The loss of a spouse or a child is a very painful occurrence, and we want to make sure that the burial benefits and the whole process is as easy as pos-sible for our Active Duty servicemem-bers during these very difficult times. This bill codifies existing current practice to ensure the VA’s process oc-curs with dignity, sensitivity, and com-passion. In summary, this is a simple change that allows for the burial and provi-sions of headstones for eligible spouses and dependents of children of Active Duty servicemembers in a timely man-ner. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the inclu-sion of my legislation within the larger bill, which contains a range of notable measures aimed at assisting our Na-tion’s veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BERGMAN ), my good friend, and chairman of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tion, and a retired Marine Corps lieu-tenant general. Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OEand Chairman I SAKSON  for their leadership throughout the 115th Congress in a bipartisan, bi-cameral way for putting together one last package of veterans priority bills. To be able to sponsor any bill is a privilege, but to be able to sponsor a veteran-related bill is both an honor and a privilege. I want to talk just very quickly about a couple of bills that I was proud to sponsor. The VA Purchase Card Mis-use Mitigation Act: The VA has been able to use purchase cards for up to $10,000 using government cards. This act basically allows them to continue to do that, but also allows the Sec-retary of the VA to revoke purchase card approval authority from any em-ployee who is found to be misusing that card. As chairman of the Oversight and In-vestigations Subcommittee, trans-parency and accountability have been my priorities, and this bill will keep bad actors in check while making the VA more efficient. The second bill I was proud to spon-sor is the Medical-Surgical Purchasing Stabilization Act. In pure and simple terms, going to a prime vendor pro-gram in med-surge purchasing was a good idea to control costs and increase patient outcomes. However, we need to ensure that the providers, the doctors and the nurses who are actually using those instruments in surgery or in the clinic, have a say in what is being pur-chased, because the goal is to provide outcomes for the veteran, and those healthcare providers know which in-struments are the best to use. Lastly, the Veterans’ Electronic Health Record Modernization Act, which we have already talked about here, this is key to providing seamless care from the veterans beginning of their service to the end of their service. This is overdue, and it needs to be monitored, it needs to be assessed so that we, as the committee, in a bipar-tisan way can make it happen. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I am ex-tremely proud of the bipartisan work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.044 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9801 December 10, 2018 
and I am looking forward to the 116th Congress. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ), my good friend. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Veterans Benefit and Transition Act of 2018. Frankly, it is always a good feel-ing to be able to speak for common-sense legislation put together in a bi-partisan fashion for the good of Amer-ica’s veterans. In particular, I welcome the inclu-sion of section 504, the Veterans Fair Debt Notice Act. I introduced this last year in response to frustrations vet-erans have been experiencing with the VA’s debt management system. It in-corporates some refinements made in the Senate companion bill introduced by Senator D
EBFISCHER , which dem-onstrates the bipartisan nature of this effort. The legislation improves the way that veterans are notified about debts that they may owe from the VA bene-fits program. Because of the VA’s fail-ure to notify or due to confusingly worded letters or letters that actually just never reach the vet, many vet-erans in Maine and elsewhere are shocked to learn that they owe debts, and for many, they have missed the deadlines to dispute or seek forgiveness for the alleged debt. This bill directs the VA to work with veterans service organizations to de-velop standard notification notices that are written in plain language that anyone can understand and it also al-lows veterans to receive notices elec-tronically. To promote accountability, the bill requires the VA to report to Congress on the new standard and on the VA’s efforts to reduce the number of errors in its debt notification system. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OE and Ranking Member W
ALZ for their work in support, and I urge passage. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ), my good friend, who currently serves and has served on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee as the Health Subcommittee chair. He also serves on the House Armed Serv-ices Committee, Intel Committee, and is a colonel in the reserves. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, the Veterans Benefits and Transition Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OE and Ranking Member W
ALZand all the members of the committee and staff who work so hard on behalf of our vet-erans. I would like to congratulate Mr. T
AKANO as chairman-elect. This legislation we are talking about today includes reforms to ensure Amer-ica’s heroes receive the benefits and recognition that they so richly deserve. It includes several provisions that I was honored to support during my time on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, including updates to our educational assistance programs at the Department of Veterans Affairs and additional em-phasis on transition services provided to our servicemembers. That one is very near and dear to me. Importantly, it includes provisions to help the most vulnerable in the veteran community. It includes the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program’s Re-authorization Act, which is a bipar-tisan bill I introduced with Congress-woman BROWNLEY . This legislation en-sures those eligible for the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing Program and other housing assistance programs are also eligible for the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Pro-gram. By prioritizing the reintegration of homeless and recently homeless vet-erans, we will empower our veterans to reenter the workforce and help them regain self-sufficiency. This legislation also includes the Gold Star Spouses Leasing Relief Act, which I introduced along with Con-gresswoman B
USTOS . It recognizes that after the loss of a military spouse, Gold Star families may need flexibility to relocate to fit their family’s needs. It would help spouses like Cindy Southern, a native of Portsmouth, Ohio, in my district. Cindy lost her husband while he was serving in the Navy overseas during Operation Desert Storm. As she grieved, all she wanted to do was move home, but she had signed a one-year lease on a home in North Carolina. Her landlords refused to waive her lease without massive ter-mination fees. This bill would ensure Gold Star families are not trapped into a jointly-held residential lease after the death of a servicemember. Mr. Speaker, our veterans have given so much to our Nation. This legislation before us today makes sure we provide the benefits they deserve, properly sup-port their families, and prepare them for success in civilian life. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Con-necticut (Mr. H
IMES), my good friend and also a member of the House Intel-ligence Committee. Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, and I want to start by thanking Mr. T
AKANO , Governor- elect W
ALZ, and Dr. R OEfor their work on this bill. As I have sat here and listened to not so much a debate, but a celebration of the bipartisan work that was done to create this bill, including so many things that I know will assist our vet-erans, it is great to see the parties working together as we close out this Congress. Mr. T
AKANO was very kind in saying that the SERVE Act, which is included in this legislation, was my idea. It wasn’t actually my idea. It was better than that, because it grew out of a con-versation I had with a retired marine at Sacred Heart University in Fair-field, Connecticut, in which I simply asked Nicholas Quinzi of the Marine Corps, ‘‘What can we do to make your life a little easier?’’ And he said, ‘‘You know, the problem I have, like so many of my fellow vet-erans, I have post-9/11 GI Bill benefits, but there is no way for me, when I go to a landlord to rent an apartment to be here at school, there is no way for me to verify that income, and as a re-sult, I have had a rough time getting housing even though I have got this stipend from the Federal Government which comes to me as a result of my service.’’ So there it was: a problem with an easy solution. The SERVE Act, which is now incor-porated into the amendment to S. 2248 will simply require the VA to provide proof of that stipend so that landlords and other housing organizations can see that our veterans have a steady source of income to help them pay that rent. It is a small thing, but it is some-thing that matters an awful lot to Nicholas Quinzi and the roughly 1.1 million other veterans who are getting this kind of benefit. So this is an example of what hap-pens when you listen to your constitu-ents. It wasn’t my idea, but I am just so thrilled that Republicans and Demo-crats were able to come together around this small, good thing for a lot of young veterans who are post-service, trying to get educated, trying to get the kind of tools they will need to suc-ceed. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ROEfor his hard work. I thank T
IMWALZand wish him well as he goes off to other things. And to Chairman-elect T
AKANO , I thank him for his good work on this bill. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), my good friend and fellow member of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. R
OEfor his leadership. Mr. Speaker, my legislation included in this package gives all military spouses, regardless of which State they married in, the choice to establish the same State of residency as the service-member for both voting and tax pur-poses. As the proud representative of Fort Drum and the Navy nuclear site at Kesselring, I understand the challenges military families face and the sac-rifices these families make to help pro-tect our Nation and safeguard our free-doms. Military families are constantly relo-cating to meet the needs of the mili-tary. They sacrifice so much during these relocations, uprooting their lives and disrupting their families. This is often a very difficult and trying time, with the heaviest burden falling upon 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.046 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9802 December 10, 2018 
military spouses, who serve as a crit-ical support system for their loved ones. Current law allows Active Duty serv-icemembers to maintain one State of legal residence for tax and voting pur-poses even when those servicemembers receive military orders requiring them to relocate, but this does not apply evenly to spouses. Spouses are forced to establish residency every time the servicemember receives a new assign-ment, adding additional stress to fami-lies as they manage these relocations and seek new employment. My legislation, the Military Resi-dency Choice Act, fixes this inconsist-ency to better ease these trying transi-tions. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. R
OEfor his leadership, Ranking Member W
ALZ, as well as Chairman-elect T
AKANO . Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill on a bipartisan basis. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers. I want to urge all my colleagues to join me in passing this important legis-lation, S. 2248. I want to announce my intention to work with Mr. R
OE, my colleague from Tennessee, in the next Congress, that we will preserve the sa-cred bipartisan space that we have here for America’s veterans in the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. We have so much more to do, and I hope it lays the groundwork for this Congress to con-tinue to heal and reach out to each other and serve America as well as our veterans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to encour-age all Members to support S. 2248, as amended. As I close, I thank both the Repub-lican and Democratic members of the committee and of the full House for the incredible work that they have done. This committee is an example of how Congress should work. We put our par-tisanship aside at the door and we think about one thing: what is good for America’s veterans and their families. You heard today how Members on both sides of the aisle have gone home and listened to their constituents and come back with great ideas. Often, the great ideas don’t emanate from here; they emanate from the citizens of this country. I thank them and the 20 mil-lion or so surviving veterans in this country for their incredible service. We will never get it all straight up here, but I can assure you that we are trying our very best to do what is right. I congratulate Mr. T
AKANO in his ele-vation to the chairmanship. I know we have worked very closely together through the last several years—not just the last 2 years, but the last sev-eral years. He will do a great job as chairman, and I look forward to serv-ing. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2248, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RAY HENDRIX VETERANS CLINIC Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 3946) to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Veterans Clinic’’, with the Senate amendments thereto, and con-cur in the Senate amendments. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amend-ments. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendments: 
SECTION 1. NAME OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS COMMUNITY-BASED OUTPATIENT CLINIC, STATESBORO, GEORGIA. 
The Department of Veterans Affairs commu-nity-based outpatient clinic in Statesboro, Geor-gia, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’ or the ‘‘Ray Hendrix VA Clinic’’. Any reference to such clinic in any law, regulation, map, doc-ument, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the Ray Hendrix Department of Veterans Af-fairs Clinic. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Statesboro, Georgia, the Ray Hendrix De-partment of Veterans Affairs Clinic.’’. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 32 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. PAULSEN ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H. Res. 792, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 3008, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
URGING SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR TO RECOGNIZE THE HIS-TORICAL SIGNIFICANCE OF RO-BERTO CLEMENTE’S PLACE OF DEATH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 792) urging the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the historical significance of Roberto Clemente’s place of death near Pin˜ones in Loı´za, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 385, nays 1, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 44, as follows: 
[Roll No. 426] YEAS—385 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.047 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9803 December 10, 2018 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Rice (SC) Sanford 
NOT VOTING—44 
Barletta Beyer Bishop (MI) Brady (PA) Buchanan Costa Curbelo (FL) Denham DeSaulnier Ellison Engel Gabbard Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hudson Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Knight Lamborn Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loudermilk Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant Mast McSally Noem O’Halleran Pittenger Polis Price (NC) Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rush Shuster Simpson Tipton Tsongas Walz 
b1853 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
GEORGE W. BUSH CHILDHOOD HOME STUDY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3008) to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 382, nays 4, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 44, as follows: 
[Roll No. 427] YEAS—382 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.027 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9804 December 10, 2018 
NAYS—4 
Amash Biggs Massie Rohrabacher 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Rice (SC) Sanford 
NOT VOTING—44 
Barletta Beyer Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Brady (PA) Buchanan Costa Denham DeSaulnier Ellison Engel Gabbard Gonzalez (TX) Gowdy Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hudson Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Knight Lamborn Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lujan Grisham, M. Marchant Mast McSally Noem O’Halleran Pittenger Polis Price (NC) Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rush Shuster Simpson Tipton Tsongas Walz 
b1902 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I regret that I was unable to vote on Monday, December 10, 2018, as I was attending an important event in Contra Costa, California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 426, H. Res. 792 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 427, H.R. 3008. 
f 
COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce be discharged from further consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 7213) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
MUCKER ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7213 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION OFFICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ DO- MESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE’’; (2) by striking section 1901 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1900. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘As-sistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(2) INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). ‘‘(3) O
FFICE .—The term ‘Office’ means the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice established under section 1901(a). ‘‘(4) W
EAPON OF MASS DESTRUCTION .—The term ‘weapon of mass destruction’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office 
‘‘SEC. 1901. COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION OFFICE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(b) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Office shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, who shall be appointed by the Presi-dent. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Assistant Sec-retary shall serve as the Secretary’s prin-cipal advisor on— ‘‘(1) weapons of mass destruction matters and strategies; and ‘‘(2) coordinating the efforts of the Depart-ment to counter weapons of mass destruc-tion. ‘‘(d) D
ETAILS .—The Secretary may request that the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, the Attor-ney General, the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, and the heads of other Federal agencies, including elements of the intel-ligence community, provide for the reim-bursable detail of personnel with relevant expertise to the Office. ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION .—The Office shall termi-nate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018.’’; (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office 
‘‘SEC. 1921. MISSION OF THE OFFICE. 
‘‘The Office shall be responsible for coordi-nating with other Federal efforts and devel-oping a strategy and policy for the Depart-ment to plan for, detect, and protect against the importation, possession, storage, trans-portation, development, or use of unauthor-ized chemical, biological, radiological, or nu-clear materials, devices, or agents in the United States and to protect against an at-tack using such materials, devices, or agents against the people, territory, or interests of the United States. 
‘‘SEC. 1922. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER DEPART-MENT COMPONENTS AND FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The authority of the As-sistant Secretary under this title shall not affect or diminish the authority or the re-sponsibility of any officer of the Department or any officer of any other Federal agency with respect to the command, control, or di-rection of the functions, personnel, funds, as-sets, or liabilities of any component of the Department or any other Federal agency. ‘‘(b) O
FFICE FOR STRATEGY , POLICY , AND P
LANS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018, the Assistant Secretary shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary for Strategy, Pol-icy, and Plans, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy and im-plementation plan to direct programs within the Office and to integrate those programs with other programs and activities of the De-partment. ‘‘(c) F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  A
GENCY .—Nothing in this title or any other provision of law may be construed to affect or reduce the responsibilities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Ad-ministrator of the Agency, including the di-version of any asset, function, or mission of the Agency or the Administrator of the Agency.’’; (4) by striking section 1905; (5) by redesignating sections 1902, 1903, 1904, 1906, and 1907 as sections 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, and 1927, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 1922, as added by paragraph (3); (6) in section 1923, as redesignated— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘MISSION OF OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RESPON -
SIBILITIES ’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(11), by striking ‘‘Do-mestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Office’’; (7) in section 1925, as redesignated, in sub-section (a), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; (8) in section 1926, as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director for Domestic Nu-clear Detection’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘paragraphs (6) and (7) of section 1902(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (6) and (7) of section 1902(a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1923’’; (9) in section 1927, as redesignated— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Director of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’; and (10) by inserting after section 1927, as re-designated, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1928. SECURING THE CITIES PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, through the Assistant Secretary, shall estab-lish a program, to be known as the ‘Securing the Cities’ or ‘STC’ program, to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high-con-sequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in high-risk urban areas. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—Through the STC program the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) assist State, local, Tribal, and terri-torial governments in designing and imple-menting, or enhancing existing, architec-tures for coordinated and integrated detec-tion and interdiction of nuclear or other ra-diological materials that are out of regu-latory control; ‘‘(2) support the development of an oper-ating capability to detect and report on nu-clear and other radiological materials out of regulatory control; ‘‘(3) provide resources to enhance detec-tion, analysis, communication, and coordina-tion to better integrate State, local, Tribal, and territorial assets into Federal oper-ations; ‘‘(4) facilitate alarm adjudication and pro-vide subject matter expertise and technical assistance on concepts of operations, train-ing, exercises, and alarm response protocols; ‘‘(5) communicate with, and promote shar-ing of information about the presence or de-tection of nuclear or other radiological ma-terials among appropriate Federal, State, local, Tribal, and territorial government agencies, in a manner that ensures trans-parency with the jurisdictions designated under subsection (c); ‘‘(6) provide augmenting resources, as ap-propriate, to enable State, local, Tribal, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.028 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9805 December 10, 2018 
territorial governments to sustain and re-fresh their capabilities developed under the STC program; ‘‘(7) monitor expenditures under the STC program and track performance in meeting the goals of the STC program; and ‘‘(8) provide any other assistance the Sec-retary determines appropriate. ‘‘(c) D
ESIGNATION OF JURISDICTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the STC program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall designate jurisdictions from among high-risk urban areas under section 2003. ‘‘(2) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate not later than 3 days before the designation of a new jurisdiction under paragraph (1) or any change to a jurisdiction previously des-ignated under that paragraph. ‘‘(d) A
CCOUNTABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-velop, in consultation with relevant stake-holders, an implementation plan for carrying out the STC program that includes— ‘‘(i) a discussion of the goals of the STC program and a strategy to achieve those goals; ‘‘(ii) performance metrics and milestones for the STC program; ‘‘(iii) measures for achieving and sus-taining capabilities under the STC program; and ‘‘(iv) costs associated with achieving the goals of the STC program. ‘‘(B) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the Comptroller General of the United States the implementation plan required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the submission of the implementa-tion plan under paragraph (1)(B), the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees and the Comptroller General a report that includes— ‘‘(A) an assessment of the effectiveness of the STC program, based on the performance metrics and milestones required by para-graph (1)(A)(ii); and ‘‘(B) proposals for any changes to the STC program, including an explanation of how those changes align with the strategy and goals of the STC program and, as appro-priate, address any challenges faced by the STC program. ‘‘(3) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 18 months after the submission of the report required by paragraph (2), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report evaluating the implementation plan required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2), including an assessment of progress made with respect to the performance metrics and milestones required by paragraph (1)(A)(ii) and the sustainment of the capabilities of the STC program. ‘‘(4) B
RIEFING AND SUBMISSION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Before making any changes to the structure or requirements of the STC pro-gram, the Assistant Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) consult with the appropriate congres-sional committees; and ‘‘(B) provide to those committees— ‘‘(i) a briefing on the proposed changes, in-cluding a justification for the changes; ‘‘(ii) documentation relating to the changes, including plans, strategies, and re-sources to implement the changes; and ‘‘(iii) an assessment of the effect of the changes on the capabilities of the STC pro-gram, taking into consideration previous re-source allocations and stakeholder input.’’. (b) REFERENCES AND CONSTRUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any reference in any law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office shall be deemed to be a reference to the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice; and (B) the Director for Domestic Nuclear De-tection shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Sections 1923 through 1927 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as redesignated by subsection (a), shall be con-strued to cover the chemical and biological responsibilities of the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion Office. (3) A
UTHORITY .—The authority of the Di-rector of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice to make grants or enter into cooperative agreements is transferred to the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, and such authority shall be construed to include grants for all purposes of title XIX of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. (c) C
HIEF MEDICAL OFFICER .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Title V of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by striking section 516. (2) A
MENDMENT .—Title XIX of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), as amended by subsection (a), is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer 
‘‘SEC. 1931. CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Office a Chief Medical Officer, who shall be appointed by the President. The Chief Medical Officer shall report to the Assistant Secretary. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The individual ap-pointed as Chief Medical Officer shall be a li-censed physician possessing a demonstrated ability in and knowledge of medicine and public health. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Medical Officer shall have the responsibility within the Department for medical issues related to natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters, including— ‘‘(1) serving as the principal advisor on medical and public health issues to the Sec-retary, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Assist-ant Secretary, and other Department offi-cials; ‘‘(2) providing operational medical support to all components of the Department; ‘‘(3) as appropriate, providing medical liai-sons to the components of the Department, on a reimbursable basis, to provide subject matter expertise on operational medical issues; ‘‘(4) coordinating with Federal, State, local, and Tribal governments, the medical community, and others within and outside the Department, including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Of-fice of the Assistant Secretary for Prepared-ness and Response of the Department of Health and Human Services, with respect to medical and public health matters; and ‘‘(5) performing such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by striking the item relating to section 516. (d) WORKFORCE HEALTH AND MEDICAL SUP-
PORT .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 710. WORKFORCE HEALTH AND MEDICAL SUPPORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management shall be responsible for work-force-focused health and medical activities of the Department. The Under Secretary for Management may further delegate responsi-bility for those activities, as appropriate. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Under Sec-retary for Management, in coordination with the Chief Medical Officer, shall— ‘‘(1) provide oversight and coordinate the medical and health activities of the Depart-ment for the human and animal personnel of the Department; ‘‘(2) establish medical, health, veterinary, and occupational health exposure policy, guidance, strategies, and initiatives for the human and animal personnel of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(3) as deemed appropriate by the Under Secretary, provide medical liaisons to the components of the Department, on a reim-bursable basis, to provide subject matter ex-pertise on occupational medical and public health issues; ‘‘(4) serve as the primary representative for the Department on agreements regarding the detail of Commissioned Corps officers of the Public Health Service of the Department of Health and Human Services to the Depart-ment, except that components of the Depart-ment shall retain authority for funding, de-termination of specific duties, and super-vision of such detailed Commissioned Corps officers; and ‘‘(5) perform such other duties relating to the responsibilities described in this sub-section as the Secretary may require.’’. (e) T
RANSFERS ; ABOLISHMENT .— (1) T
RANSFERS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall transfer to— (A) the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office all functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of— (i) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, as in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and (ii) the Office of Health Affairs, as in exist-ence on the day before the date of the enact-ment of this Act, except for the functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of such office necessary to perform the func-tions specified in section 710 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (relating to workforce health and medical support), as added by this Act; and (B) the Management Directorate of the De-partment of Homeland Security all func-tions, personnel, budget authority, and as-sets of the Office of Health Affairs, as in ex-istence on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act, that are necessary to perform the functions of such section 710. (2) A
BOLISHMENT .—Upon completion of all transfers pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office of the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of Health Affairs of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security are abolished; and (B) the positions of Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs and Director for Domestic Nu-clear Detection are abolished. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) O
THER OFFICERS .—Paragraph (4) of sec-tion 103(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘A Director for Domestic Nuclear Detec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘An Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion Office’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.030 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9806 December 10, 2018 
(2) N ATIONAL BIOSURVEILLANCE INTEGRATION  
CENTER .—Section 316(a) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195b(a)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Secretary shall’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, shall’’. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .—Section 317(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Chief Medical Officer,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (4) F
UNCTIONS TRANSFERRED .—Section 505(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 315(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); (B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4); and (C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (3)’’. (5) C
OORDINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF HOME -
LAND SECURITY EFFORTS RELATED TO FOOD , 
AGRICULTURE , AND VETERINARY DEFENSE  
AGAINST TERRORISM .—Section 528(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321q(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Health Af-fairs,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (g) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  C
HEMICAL , B IOLOGICAL , R ADIOLOGICAL , AND N
UCLEAR ACTIVITIES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide a brief-ing and report to the appropriate congres-sional committees (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101)) on— (1) the organization and management of the chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, including research and development activities, and the location of each activity under the organizational struc-ture of the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office; (2) a comprehensive inventory of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activi-ties, including research and development ac-tivities, of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, highlighting areas of collaboration between components, coordination with other agencies, and the effectiveness and ac-complishments of consolidated chemical, bi-ological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, in-cluding research and development activities; (3) information relating to how the organi-zational structure of the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Office will enhance the development of chemical, biological, ra-diological, and nuclear priorities and capa-bilities across the Department of Homeland Security; (4) a discussion of any resulting cost sav-ings and efficiencies gained through activi-ties described in paragraphs (1) and (2); (5) information on how the Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office is coordinating with the Under Secretary of Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security on research and development activities; and (6) recommendations for any necessary statutory changes, or, if no statutory changes are necessary, an explanation of why no statutory or organizational changes are necessary. (h) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 516; (2) inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 709 the following: ‘‘Sec. 710. Workforce health and medical support.’’; and (3) by striking the items relating to title XIX (including items relating to section 1901 through section 1907) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘TITLE XIX—COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE ‘‘Sec. 1900. Definitions. ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office ‘‘Sec. 1901. Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office. ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office ‘‘Sec. 1921. Mission of the Office. ‘‘Sec. 1922. Relationship to other Depart-ment components and Federal agencies. ‘‘Sec. 1923. Responsibilities. ‘‘Sec. 1924. Hiring authority. ‘‘Sec. 1925. Testing authority. ‘‘Sec. 1926. Contracting and grant making authorities. ‘‘Sec. 1927. Joint annual interagency review of global nuclear detection ar-chitecture. ‘‘Sec. 1928. Securing the Cities program. ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer ‘‘Sec. 1931. Chief Medical Officer.’’. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PERMISSION TO PLACE INTO THE RECORD AN EXCHANGE OF LET-TERS ON H.R. 7213 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the R
ECORD an exchange of letters between the chairman of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce and the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity on the bill, H.R. 7213. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD the exchange of letters. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, December 10, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On December 3, 2018, the H.R. 7213—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018 was introduced. This bill was additionally referred to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. Since similar language passed the House of Representatives by voice vote earlier this year, I ask that you allow the Committee on Energy and Commerce to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your juris-diction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Energy and Commerce represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and your response in the Congressional Record. Thank you for consideration of my re-quest, and I look forward to further opportu-nities to work with you the remainder of this Congress. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, December 10, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 7213, Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 2018. I agree to allow the Committee on Energy and Commerce to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 7213 so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader, and I thank you for your assurance that this dis-charge in no way affects the Committee’s ju-risdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I appreciate your sup-port for the Committee to be represented on the conference. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF CONGRESSMAN MAC COLLINS (Mr. FERGUSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Congressman Mac Collins. Mac rep-resented the good people of Georgia’s Third District, including myself, in this Chamber for a decade. He was a real champion for the work-ing men and women of America, and his life was an example of the Amer-ican Dream. He started with nothing and built an amazing business and a wonderful life for his family. In 1964, Mac enlisted in the Georgia Army National Guard and, like so many brave men and women before him, he donned the uniform to defend the freedoms we hold so dear. From there, Mac went on to serve Georgians at the local and State level before coming to Washington to rep-resent the Third District of Georgia. After this lifetime of service, Mac passed away shortly before Thanks-giving at the age of 74. As we reflect on Congressman Mac Collins’ life and mourn his passing, let us strive to fol-low his example and honor a lifetime of public service. He lived the scripture, Luke 22:26: ‘‘The greatest among you should be like the youngest, and the one who rules like the one who serves.’’ 
f 
CYBERSECURITY EDUCATION INTEGRATION (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise with my good friend and fellow co- chair of the Congressional Career and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.030 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9807 December 10, 2018 
Technical Education Caucus, Mr. T
HOMPSON , to introduce the Cybersecu-rity Education Integration Act, a bill to develop CTE programs that include cybersecurity education. Whether in our hospitals or our power grid, systems that make up our critical infrastructure are increasingly internet-enabled. These connections undoubtedly increase efficiency and service quality but, unfortunately, they also provide pathways for cyber intruders to wreak havoc. Mr. Speaker, we need to provide training for workers who deal with these systems on a day-to-day basis, whether it is in the transportation, en-ergy, or health sectors, so that they can keep us safe, so they can identify these cybersecurity vulnerabilities early on and prevent them, hopefully, from happening in the first place. Many CTE programs already have strong physical safety elements; how-ever, cybersecurity is rarely included. We can’t think of this as an after-thought. It needs to be a forethought. By funding the creation of CTE pro-grams that fully integrate cybersecu-rity into their coursework, we can en-sure workers have the skills to protect our Nation’s infrastructure. I thank Representative T
HOMPSON for his partnership on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support our bipar-tisan effort. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY EDUCATION INTEGRATION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7214, the Cybersecurity Education Integration Act. As co-chair of the House Career and Technical Education Caucus, I am proud that we continue to provide the resources necessary to have a domi-nant and prosperous workforce. For in-stance, this past June, we reauthorized the Carl D. Perkins Act to advance ca-reer and technical Education. We must continue developing a 21st century workforce to meet the tech-nical demands our country is facing now and in the future. That is why, to-gether with my friend, Congressman L
ANGEVIN , we introduced a bill to help protect sensitive data and our critical infrastructure from bad actors. Our legislation directs the Depart-ment of Education to create a competi-tive grant program to integrate cyber-security education into new and estab-lished CTE programs. With over 16 crit-ical infrastructure sectors in our coun-try, we must prepare our next genera-tion of learners to have the most so-phisticated and comprehensive edu-cational programs to protect our Na-tion’s most dire assets, systems, and networks. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill and thank Mr. L
ANGEVIN for his work and leadership on this issue. HONORING PROFESSOR JOHN KEENE FOR THE MACARTHUR GENIUS GRANT (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Keene, a Jersey City resident and chair of the Depart-ment of African American and African Studies at Rutgers-Newark. Last month, Professor Keene was awarded the $625,000 MacArthur Foun-dation Genius Grant. Professor Keene is one of only 25 people to receive the award this year. He is a groundbreaking author who has stud-ied, taught, and written about the intersection of race, society, and the human experience. Professor Keene’s work has inspired his students, and his community, and myself. I am so proud of Professor Keene and all of Rutgers-Newark for keeping our city and my district at the top of the academic field. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Professor Keene, and I leave you with his words: The most important thing is to read as much as you can, work on your writing, to try to engage in our community with people who you can share your work with and learn from. f 
RECOGNIZING THOMAS P. SHEEHY (Mr. ROYCE of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in recognition of Tom Sheehy, staff director of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize years of outstanding service by Tom Sheehy, staff di-rector of the Foreign Affairs committee that I chair. Tom has been working on the com-mittee for over twenty years, serving as a staff director for two subcommittees—one being Af-rica, where together we greatly improved U.S.- Africa policy. During the last six years, Tom has expertly run the committee, advancing my agenda during challenging times. Tom is known as a hard worker who takes a strong interest in the well-being of his staff and is a problem solver. A first-rate communi-cator who helps other staffers to improve their skills, he has created a well-coordinated team of top-flight professionals. The Foreign Affairs Committee staff is widely-known and well-re-spected as a result. Tom takes great pride in the committee’s good reputation. The committee has been extremely produc-tive. We have turned over 60 bills into public laws, including sanctions, development, and export control legislation. This has required Tom’s high level of commitment, knowledge, and negotiation skills; and his empowerment of our excellent committee staff. Under his di-rection, we have held hearings and performed oversight on almost every issue of importance to our foreign policy. Nearly all of our committee work has been bipartisan. Not because we don’t differ over policy. But because we understand that we al-most always have more in common than not. Our nation deserves this cooperation and ef-fectiveness, and Tom has directed our many, many bipartisan accomplishments. Tom will be missed by many in Congress, but he surely will continue contributing to our nation’s security and prosperity. Tom, con-gratulations on your career in the House. I am grateful for your service, and wish your fam-ily—wife Elizabeth, and children Emma, T.R. and Jackson—the very best. f 
HONORING CAPTAIN ANDREA KAMAN (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, today I proudly recognize and honor a true public servant, Captain Andrea Kaman, of the United States Army. Soon, An-drea will transition from her Army Congressional Fellow assignment to continue service as an Army Human Resources Officer. In 2016, the people of Ohio’s Ninth District were rewarded when Andrea joined our team as my first Defense Fellow. On behalf of a grateful Nation, it is my honor to recognize her selfless service and sacrifice, and that of her family, too, her husband, Drew, and children, Elle and Jack. I wish her well in her journey with the United States Army. And the type of commitment that her life represents is necessary for our Nation today as much as it ever was. Today, in my own State of Ohio, the FBI arrested two individuals suspected of plotting to kill a rabbi and Jewish worshippers in our region. Let me ex-press to the FBI—which has been get-ting some criticism by members of the executive branch—and local Toledo Po-lice Division Officers, and other law en-forcement officials, deepest gratitude for their professionalism and dedica-tion to duty, to protect and defend the American people against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Today, in Ohio, the FBI’s motto of ‘‘Fidelity, Bravery, and Integrity’’ was demonstrated again, backed by the brave blue line of the Toledo Police Di-vision. This Member of Congress says: I sa-lute you. Thank you on behalf of the people of our region and the American people. God bless you. b1915 UNSAFE AND UNHEALTHY SITUA-TION ALONG SOUTHWEST BOR-DER (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, Ameri-cans are alarmed by the unsafe and unhealthy situation along the South-west border. A caravan of thousands and thousands of Central Americans has made its way through Mexico to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.058 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9808 December 10, 2018 
camp just on the other side of the bor-der fence in Texas. Now, my heart, Mr. Speaker, goes out to these people, but we cannot let them be allowed to overwhelm our bor-der and to enter our country illegally. These individuals, Mr. Speaker, have been offered asylum and work permits by Mexico, but they have refused. Homeland Security has confirmed that 600 known criminals are among those in the encampment, and beyond that, we simply do not know, Mr. Speaker, who these people are. This dangerous situation is going to get only worse, unless it is addressed. That is why, Mr. Speaker, I have con-nected with almost every one of our 235 Republican Members in the House, ask-ing them to join me to solve this na-tional security and immigration prob-lem. There is overwhelming support, Mr. Speaker, to do so, and I will bring this up tomorrow at conference, along with lots of other Republicans. The primary responsibility of Con-gress is to protect our families, Mr. Speaker. This is our last chance as Re-publicans in the majority to fix this mess. Otherwise, next year, the Demo-crat majority has signaled they will push for open borders and amnesty leg-islation. This is our last chance as Repub-licans in the majority to get this right. 
f 
HONORING SHALYNNE VILELA (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to share the story of Shalynne Vilela, the loving daughter of Amy and David Vilela. At just 22 years old, Shalynne was a smart, ambitious, and dedicated young woman who loved her family. She was working hard to become a registered nurse. In 2015, Shalynne was admitted to the ER with symptoms of deep vein thrombosis, a highly treatable condi-tion, if treated in time. Upon arrival to the ER, Shalynne told the hospital staff that she did not have insurance, and she was advised to leave the hospital without being given proper care. Three weeks later, Shalynne died of a pulmonary embolism caused by a blood clot that originated in her leg. It is unacceptable that, in one of the richest and most powerful countries in the world, a tragedy like this can still occur. Everyone in the United States of America should have access to quality and affordable health insurance. Access to healthcare is a basic human right, and no one should ever be denied med-ical care because of their inability to pay. This is why, Mr. Speaker, I have re-cently pledged my support to the Medi-care for All Act, which provides uni-versal coverage to all those living in the United States of America. My deepest condolences go out to the Vilela family. And, Shalynne, this one is for you. f 
LET’S HELP OUR COLLEGE STUDENTS SUCCEED (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, many of us will see this as the holiday season, but many of us know that our young college students will be finishing their first semester of whatever year they are in college. As I was home this season greeting my constituents, one very dedicated constituent came to me and said: What are we doing about helping students get rid of this enormous burden of debt, trying to become a contributing citizen to this country? I made a commitment to him that we would work together to reduce the in-terest rates on student government loans, to look forward to providing ac-cess to education to all Americans. I believe, as students finish their first semester, looking to their second, some of them graduating, that we do have a responsibility to make sure that education is reasonable, accessible, and not the enormous burden that it is. Let’s help our college students. Let’s help them succeed. I look forward to doing that. 
f 
HONORING PRESIDENT GEORGE HERBERT WALKER BUSH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the topic of this very Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, few Americans will ever rival the depth and the breadth of the service to our Nation exhibited by George Herbert Walker Bush. Today, I join the Bush family, my colleagues, fellow Texans, and a grate-ful Nation in remembering and hon-oring the life of President George H.W. Bush. He was a courageous war hero, a key member of the Committee on Ways and Means while he was here in Congress, Ambassador, Director of the CIA, Vice President, and the President of the United States. That is a remarkable and historical level of service to America, but I still think his favorite title was that of hus-band to his beloved Bar, and I believe his greatest accomplishment was in raising children and grandchildren who serve their Nation with dedication and patriotism. I believe our country and our State can agree that we have lost a man of honor and character, who leaves a leg-acy of love and service to his Nation and family. So, today, we all want to share with you a little bit about our relationship with the beloved President Bush. I consider myself a proud part of the Bush legacy. On the Ways and Means Committee, I hold the seat that was previously held by President Bush, then a Member of Congress, and Bill Archer of Houston, later the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee from Texas. I am truly blessed to be part of a legacy on this committee that has achieved so much. As a matter of fact, my interest in major issues from trade to tax reform to healthcare is due in large part to President Bush. After I became elected to Congress, I spent a lot of time vis-iting President Bush and Secretary James Baker, asking their advice on these issues. In fact, one of the reasons I have been involved in 12 of the 14 American free trade agreements and led the Central American Free Trade Agreement was directly because of my discussions with President Bush and Secretary Baker. President Bush was incredibly sup-portive of me, both in my early cam-paigns for Congress and once I started serving. There was always an open door to talk about issues dealing in tax and trade, healthcare, welfare, Social Secu-rity, and Medicare. I always knew I had someone I could lean on for sage ad-vice. Because I used to represent College Station, I had the pleasure of being in office when President Bush’s library was opened at A&M, and I worked closely with the foundation for the 8 years I represented it. The library is remarkable, but it goes way beyond the bricks and mortar. It is a tangible reminder of the impact President Bush had on College Station and the State of Texas. The library brought world leaders to College Station, allowed young men and women from the small towns in Texas to interact with President Bush as well as United States and world leaders on a one-on-one, close, personal level. That incredible legacy for those young people will last for ages to come. I will finish with this. One of my fa-vorite moments with President Bush came just after I was named Ways and Means chairman. President Bush’s of-fice reached out and said the President wanted me to come down to his office in Houston and visit about Ways and Means issues, so, you can imagine, I was thrilled about it. So I went to his office, and my staff really urged me to take a pair of crazy socks to present to President Bush, be-cause he loved them; he wore them; he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.061 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9809 December 10, 2018 
had a lot of fun with them. I decided, instead, to bring one of three specially made Ways and Means ties that we had just created. I brought that to the President, and he seemed thrilled, but it was Barbara who was most excited. When I pre-sented the tie, she exclaimed: Thank God. No more socks, please. I will finish, too, with this. Finally, every Veterans Day and Memorial Day as I address our events in the Eighth Congressional District of Texas, I often conclude with my most memorable quote from President Bush. It is a quote that is emblazoned in the library in College Station in letters 10 feet tall, where that Brazos Valley sun can catch it every day and afternoon on the library. The quote is this: ‘‘Let future generations understand the burden and the blessings of freedom. Let them say we stood where duty required us to stand.’’ That quote embodies President George H.W. Bush, and it is a call to us as well to stand where duty requires us to stand today in all things and in the future. Mr. Speaker, the next Member to speak will be the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), a dear friend of President Bush for more than three decades, a partner and a colleague, and a huge admirer. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HONORING PRESIDENT GEORGE HERBERT WALKER BUSH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ) is recognized for the re-mainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I am reminded of a time in Texas when we were at a breakfast, and we had two groups. We had a group that was very close to Jeb Bush, the Governor of Florida, and one that was close to George W. Bush. Mrs. Bush was our guest speaker, and she spoke. When she opened up for questions, one of the questions was: Mrs. Bush, a lot of us in here know Jeb better than George; we know George better than Jeb. How are they alike? How do they differ? Mrs. Bush said she had been blessed to have a great family, but she said these words: You could put all my boys together, and they would not equal their father. I thought that was powerful. On November 30, 2018, America lost a great servant, and I lost a great friend. President Bush epitomized every-thing wonderful about America, and like his country, he was tough, strong, and kind. Over the years, I was able to get to know the President and his family very well. My family and I had the oppor-tunity to visit them in Kennebunkport many summers. Our days were spent playing basketball and sailing on the water, sharing and listening to Presi-dent Bush’s stories until the sun went down. I remember one basketball game. My daughters were playing, and they didn’t have any tennis shoes. Mrs. Bush went and got her tennis shoes and gave them to my daughters. When they began to shoot, there were vines that had grown up on the basketball goal, and she made the President get hedge clippers and clip the vines down before the girls could shoot baskets. What a man he was. I am grateful for these priceless moments with Presi-dent Bush that exist now only as memories, and great memories. In addition to traveling together as friends, we also shared a love for base-ball. I was proud to be awarded with his award, the George H.W. Bush Dis-tinguished Alumnus Award, by the Na-tional College Baseball Hall of Fame. To this day, I wear a ring that has his name on it. It was during our baseball days that something very interesting happened. We were having lunch one day in his of-fice at College Station, and it was my-self; President Bush; Jean Becker, his chief of staff; and Drake McLane, who owned the Astros. President Bush, just out of nowhere, said: I need to bring something up that I have gotten no credit for. Ms. Becker said: No, don’t go there, Mr. President. He said: No, I am going to go there. b1930 And Ms. Becker said: No, don’t go there, Mr. President. And he said: No, I am going to go there. There is plenty of time between that. He said: I said a statement that I get no credit for, and that statement is, ‘‘You da man.’’ He explained that he was at an Astros game—it was actually the Colt .45s in 1961—and they had a player named Rusty Staub. Rusty Staub wanted to meet President Bush. After the game, Staub came toward Presi-dent Bush, who then was not President, and President Bush said: I don’t know why I said it and don’t know what it meant, but when he came closer to me, I said, ‘‘You da man.’’ Drayton McLane said: Well, if you haven’t got any credit for it, we are playing the Dodgers tomorrow night, we will put on the diamond vision your picture, and we will put, ‘‘You da man.’’ The next night, they did, and he got that credit for ‘‘You da man.’’ So I would just say to the President, and I think we would all agree: Mr. President, you da man. We had a relationship that was very unique and very dear to my heart. This great man served as a mentor to me and had a huge impact on my life. In fact, he was the reason I am standing here before all of you today. When I was contemplating running to represent Texas’ 25th Congressional District, I called President Bush for ad-vice. He encouraged me to run and gave me the push that I needed. I will never forget it. Years ago, I announced my congressional campaign in his office with him by my side sitting next to me, and the rest in my world is history. I am forever grateful to President Bush. He has been an inspiration throughout my life. He has been like a father. Whether it be in my faith or in my path to public service, he was very kind to me. He was the first person to call me while I was in the hospital after the baseball shooting back in June of 2016. He said he was praying for me and praying for our team. Two days later, he called to check on me again. He has always answered the phone to offer his sage wisdom when I called and given me his advice, and I truly miss him terribly. Over a week has gone by now that our country has been without one of the greatest Americans to ever live. This is an immeasurable loss for Amer-ica, but I am comforted knowing that he has been reunited with his beloved Barbara and their daughter Robin. It has been a true honor to experi-ence life with President Bush in it. Our country is better because of him, I am better because of him, and my family is better because of him. He once said, and we have all heard it: Public service is the most noble calling of all. And he answered that call. Each and every day, I am praying for the entire Bush family, as we all are, and I hope they find peace during this difficult time. One more story. We were in Fort Worth one day and he spoke. He found out that one of our civic leaders was not doing well, from a health standpoint. We got in the car. He had his cell phone, and he dialed the number. A lady that worked in his house answered the phone, and he asked to speak to this gentleman. She held a minute, and the wife of this gen-tleman got on the phone. He said: This is President Bush. I would like to speak to your husband. She said: He cannot speak. He said: Well, take this phone into his bedroom right now, and I want to tell him I love him. That is the kind of man President Bush was. So God bless President Bush, God bless this family, and God bless Amer-ica. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, (Mr. C
ULBERSON ), who I think represents where President Bush lives. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. In 18 years, it has been my extraor-dinary privilege to represent the people of District 7. I have had the world’s best role model as a Congressman. My predecessor, George H.W. Bush, was the first Congressman to represent District 7. He, just as he was to R
OGER  W
ILLIAMS and as he was to K EVIN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.062 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9810 December 10, 2018 
BRADY , has been not only a role model to me, but an adviser who helped to guide me when I first decided to run for office. He has always been there for me to offer advice every step of the way. He is an extraordinary role model. Every-one who knew him understood imme-diately that they were in the presence of someone extraordinary. As Mark McKinnon remembers: ‘‘George H.W. Bush will be remembered by history as a deeply accomplished public servant. But the many of us who were lucky enough to pass through his orbit will remember him for his un-common grace and love toward family and friends.’’ The editor-in-chief of Texas Monthly once said of George H.W. Bush that it is clear there is a narrative that runs through the Bush family: ‘‘be polite, treat people decently.’’ This came from his father and from his mother. They passed it on to their children. He remembers: ‘‘Every encounter I ever had with George W. Bush, whether it was Governor Bush or President Bush 43 or ex-President Bush, he was the same guy. He is very much his fa-ther’s son, and all of us who are par-ents hope that whatever else we don’t do right, the thing we do do right is to convey the fundamental values of who we are and who we’re supposed to be to our kids.’’ One of the things that survives about George Bush, the elder, is the fact that he passed along to his own children that same decency, that same line of decency that he learned from his par-ents. In fact, Jeb Bush once said: How great is this country that it could elect a man as fine as our dad to be Presi-dent? If we remember what George W. said as he accepted the Presidential nomi-nation in the year 2000, President Bush 43 said, as he accepted the nomination: ‘‘My father was the last President of a great generation, a generation of Americans who stormed beaches, liber-ated concentration camps, and deliv-ered us from evil. Some never came home. Those who did put their medals in drawers, went to work and built on a heroic scale highways and univer-sities, suburbs and factories, great cit-ies and grand alliances, the strong foundations of an American century.’’ George H.W. Bush brought the Cold War to a peaceful conclusion, success-fully managing the fall of the Berlin Wall, the reunification of Germany, and the end of the Soviet Union with-out provoking violence from com-munist bitter enders. In the first Gulf War, George H.W. Bush established that on his watch America would not retreat from the world but would intervene decisively when the global balance of power was in jeopardy. His life was spent in the service of his Nation, and his spirit of conciliation, common sense, and love of country will stand him in strong stead through the ebbs and flows of posterity’s judgment. On that score, George H.W. Bush was a uniquely good man. In a political universe where good men are hard to come by, there was bi-partisan consensus a quarter century after he left the White House. We will miss this great, good man, and Amer-ica and Texas are far, far better that he lived and he served his Nation so well. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
AR-
TON), the dean of our Texas delegation. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I think it is a measure of President George H.W. Bush that we all think of him as a per-sonal friend. It is literally true that he had tens of thousands, possibly hun-dreds of thousands, of men and women who considered themselves personal friends. I felt I was very close to the Presi-dent, although obviously not as close as Mr. W
ILLIAMS , who went to Kennebunkport and really knew the family. I knew the President first as Vice President. When I was a White House Fellow, it was Vice President Bush who had a reception in the White House and gave my class their White House Fel-low certificates. As a candidate, one of the reasons that I am here today is because he took a personal interest in me. We had an event that we had planned for myself in Fort Worth, but the NRCC decided that I couldn’t win, and they gave that date and that time to Dick Armey. They did the event in Denton, Texas, instead of in Fort Worth, for Dick Armey. I was so mad that I crashed his event. I went up to the security checkpoint and they wouldn’t let me in. I asked to speak to the events team, and the head of the events team was a gentleman named Ron Kaufman. Ron knew me. He said: Well, J
OE, that is pretty unusual. This is really for Dick Armey. But he went and talked to the Vice President, and the Vice President said sure. So I got on the stage with Roger Staubach and Dick Armey and the Vice President. I was only there for about 3 minutes, but my picture and the video was in the TV market that night. The Vice President asked me to go to Houston. I had Montgomery County, and so I went. He flew, but I drove, and I got to be in the rally that night. When he was going to Texas A&M as President, I represented A&M. I got in-vited to fly on Air Force One with Sen-ator Gramm to Texas A&M, and I wore my Texas A&M tie. As we were sitting up in the Presi-dential cabin of Air Force One, I no-ticed that the President had on a handwoven, beautiful silk tie, and I no-ticed that Senator Gramm had on an old, cheap polyester tie. Senator Gramm looked at me, and he said: J
OE, you ought to give your tie to the Presi-dent. I volunteered to give my Texas A&M tie to the President, which I did; but then Senator Gramm took the Presi-dent’s handwoven silk tie, and I ended up with Gramm’s polyester tie. The President said: Well, JOE, you are the junior man here. You just have to suck it up. Later that week in Fort Worth, Sen-ator Gramm and I were at a fundraiser for the Republican women, and I no-ticed he was wearing the President’s handwoven silk tie. So at the end of the event, I stood up and I said: Now, ladies, we need to raise some more money. We auctioned off the President’s tie. Phil Gramm had to be a good sport, and I think we got $2,000 for it. When Bush was President, he was a strong supporter of the Super Collider project in my district. I invited him to come to Ellis County to tour it, and he did. I got to ride on Air Force One, and I got to ride on Marine One and show him the project. He had on a hard hat that said ‘‘President George Bush.’’ When he went back to the helicopter, as he got out of the Presidential mo-torcade, he threw his hat on the back seat. I said: Mr. President, can I have that hard hat? He said: Well, keep it for me until the next time I come down here to open the SSC. As we all know, he got defeated for reelection. President Clinton didn’t strongly support the SSC and it was killed, but I still have that hard hat. After he left office and a decision was made to put the Bush library at Texas A&M, I put a bill on the floor that got $15 million to set up the Bush Fellows at Texas A&M, and I am very, very proud of that. The last story I will tell is that in my reelection in 1986, I was the number one target in the State of Texas and one of the top 10 targets in the coun-try. The Vice President called me and said: Would you like me to do an event? Of course, I said yes. We did that event in Fort Worth. Fran and Eddie Chiles hosted it, and we raised, I believe, over $200,000, which in that time and era, for me, was a lot of money. The Vice President spent a lot of time there and was very gracious to my family and to my parents. He in-vited my mother and father to the White House when he was President for the White House Christmas Ball, and that was one of the highlights of their lives. So to the Bush family, thank you for sharing the President with us all these years. As I said at the start, it is a measure of an individual when he has so many people who consider themselves to be personal friends. My guess is that President Bush has more of those types of individuals than just about anybody else in the country. God bless the late President Bush. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from San Antonio, Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.064 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9811 December 10, 2018 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Texas, R
OGER WILLIAMS , for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I would like to com-memorate the life and public service of our 41st President, George Herbert Walker Bush. President Bush was simply one of the most honorable people I have ever met in or out of politics. As a fellow Texan, I was privileged to know and work with him over the years. One of my happiest memories was when I was a junior Member of Con-gress. I was invited by the President to accompany him on Air Force One. This was my first flight. We went down to my hometown of San Antonio for the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement. After we were in the air, the Presi-dent asked me to join him and the First Lady, Barbara Bush, in the for-ward cabin. I expected the visit to last about 5 minutes, but, instead, I ended up spending the entire 2
1⁄2-hour flight with them all the way down. b1945 Mr. Speaker, I have to say that I felt a twinge of guilt because I felt like he should have been spending this time making phone calls or writing those well-known personal notes that he was famous for. This was an election year and, cer-tainly, he could have taken my support for granted. But instead, this gesture on his part I think showed his big heart and how gracious and friendly he was. Earlier this year, I arranged for a tree to be planted on the Capitol Grounds to honor President Bush. It was the first tree to be dedicated to a President. His selfless public service and commitment to family continues to be a worthy example for all of us. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Fort Worth, Texas, Congresswoman K
AYGRANGER . Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, George H.W. Bush was a giant of a man, a decorated naval aviator who nearly lost his life in World War II, Ambas-sador to the United Nations, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, Vice President, and, most notably, President of the United States. But more than any of that, he is someone to admire because he spent his life dedicated to serving his coun-try and his fellow man. His dedication to his country was only rivaled by his dedication to his family, marked by his 73-year marriage to his wife, Barbara, and his loving relationships with his children, his grandchildren, and his great-grandchildren. As important as he was, he took time to greet people who came to see him. He knew the value of a written note of praise and a hug and a handshake. He laughed as well as he led, and he knew the importance of relationships. Those who didn’t have the privilege of knowing President Bush personally were given a glimpse of his character through his loved ones on Wednesday during his memorial service. As his son President George W. Bush said—who has the same sense of family and dedi-cation to the Nation—of his father: ‘‘Your decency, sincerity, and kind soul will stay with us forever.’’ So through our tears, let us know the blessings of knowing and loving you, a great and noble man. George H.W. Bush’s greatness shows in the strength of his family, and he has given us all a lesson in how to be a good friend. President Bush accomplished much in his long life. He epitomized what it means to be a public servant, and I am honored to recognize this distinguished Texan today and thank him for his service to our country. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Con-gressman MICHAEL BURGESS , from Den-ton County. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for bringing us together for this hour to pay tribute to our American hero who served on the front lines of our Nation’s history for, really, almost a century. From the skies of the Pacific to the Yale baseball diamond, to the oilfields of Texas, to the floor of the United States House of Representatives, to the streets of Beijing and the halls of the White House, President George Herbert Walker Bush led a life of humble lead-ership, courage, and conviction. Over five decades, he built an un-matched resume. His accomplishments, while impressive on their own, are ex-traordinary when bundled together. After the war, he left his New Eng-land home to move his young family to west Texas, where he pursued an oil ca-reer and later served the people of the Seventh Congressional District here in the United States House of Representa-tives. As a leader, President Bush faced some of the greatest challenges of his time: He worked to open new paths of diplomacy in China; he helped to re-store confidence in the Central Intel-ligence Agency; and he worked along-side President Reagan to make Amer-ica great. Though he is perhaps better known for making waves overseas, our 41st President achieved new heights at home when he opened new doors for Americans with disabilities. While President Bush had a robust resume stacked with prestigious jobs at critical times in American history, most of us will remember him from the roles he held most dear: for 73 years, President Bush was a devoted husband of Barbara Pierce, a legend in her own right, with whom he built an honorable family of children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. Together, Presi-dent and Mrs. Bush wove their own story of the American Dream. There is no doubt that President Bush made the State of Texas, the United States of America, and the global community a better place to live. On behalf of my constituents in the 26th District of Texas, I thank him for his matchless service to our coun-try, and I join a grateful nation to thank the Bush family for sharing him with us. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Con-gressman PETEOLSON , a great veteran. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas 25 for setting up this Special Order for a great American, George Herbert Walker Bush, back home known as Bush 41. There are many words which describe his life: statesman, dignified, hero, fa-ther, husband, devoted leader, and human being. My wife, Nancy, and I met him twice in very relaxed settings in Houston, Texas. We loved how funny he was. He loved to make people laugh. He and I talked about being former naval aviators and running back home in Houston for Congress. Both of us had a big problem with our first campaign: We weren’t born in Texas; we weren’t native Texans. Some called us carpet-baggers. President Bush had the best reply I have ever heard. To paraphrase, he said: It is true, my friend, I wasn’t born in Texas. But on my birthday, it was very important that I was with my mother; and, sadly, my mom was not in Texas on June 12 of 1924. I wish I had the wisdom of that line when I ran in 2008. He loved having fun with his soul mate, Barbara Bush. He was married for 73 years, and she was the first woman he ever kissed. And check out this photo. That is President Carter and Rosalynn; Presi-dent Ford and Betty; Lady Bird John-son; and President George H.W. Bush and Barbara Bush. Guess who has rab-bit ears? Our First Lady, Barbara Bush. George Bush never let the job take over his humanity. Mr. Speaker, I have a final story about President Bush having fun with the same photographer back in Hous-ton. He has been with the Bush family for about 40 years. As President Bush’s health faded, he went there one fall to take some pic-tures for Christmas. I asked my friend: How is the President doing? He said: He is doing fine. His brain is great, but he can’t walk anymore. He is wheelchair bound, and we take a photo every year with the First Lady after they come back home from Kennebunkport for photos for Christ-mas and for the entire year. Those shoots have become very, very tough. I can’t stand him up. He has to sit down in his wheelchair. He was 6 foot 2, 6 foot 3. Barbara was probably 5 foot 7. He towered over her in real life. In the wheelchair, she towered over him. So how do you fix that? He said: I worked the First Lady out hard. I made her squat down, get on her knees so she is below him as they have been their whole life. And then to try to hide that wheelchair from the photos, I put her up to the left down 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.066 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9812 December 10, 2018 
low, to the right down low, behind to the right down low, behind to left down low—moved her all over. Then he started laughing and said: What made their love so special, so dear, is that both, at 90 years old, as our First Lady walked in front of the President, about 10 times she stopped and said, ‘‘George, stop that. Stop that.’’ Our President was pinching her behind out of love. There is good news today for the Bush family. President Bush and Bar-bara are walking hand in hand with their daughter, Robin, in Heaven right now. Mr. Speaker, I will close by saying the last four words President Bush said when he was with us. He said these words to our President George W. Bush, so-called Bush 43. He said, ‘‘I love you, too.’’ He said that to George W., but we all know he said that to every American, every person in this world. This man loved life. He loved America. He loved humanity. He was a great man. Rest well in Heaven, and have fair winds and following seas. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Dr. B
RIAN BABIN. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Our Nation lost a true patriot on No-vember 30 with the passing of George Herbert Walker Bush. Our 41st President ascended to the of-fice with an impeccable resume for the position, having served as Congress-man, Ambassador to China, CIA Direc-tor, and Vice President to our 40th President, Ronald Reagan. His service as a Navy pilot during the Second World War, during which he was shot down over the Pacific, ce-mented his status as an American hero. But the humble Bush rarely referenced his war experiences. Indeed, President Bush rarely discussed his own record. His accomplishments as President, particularly on the world’s stage, seem more impressive with the passing time, and historians and scholars hold his ad-ministration in increasingly high es-teem. Mr. Speaker, I met President Bush only once, but I still treasure the pho-tograph that I had taken with him. He was a real gentleman. Despite a life spent in public service at the highest levels, President Bush was a devoted family man. He was con-stantly surrounded by his loved ones. His children adored him, and his rela-tionship with his wife, Barbara, has long been celebrated for its commit-ment and its warmth. The people of Texas, which became his adopted home after his service in the Navy, will forever hold President Bush in special regard. George Bush led an exemplary life. His service to his country and his kind-ness to his fellow Americans ranks him among our most beloved of Presidents. His reputation as a loving husband and father will persist, and I believe that his legacy as President will continue to grow long after his passing. Thank you for your service. Rest in peace, Mr. President. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas, Con-gressman WILLHURD, who represents a very large district in Texas. Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my friend and colleague for arranging this conversation. I want to join my colleagues and a mourning nation today as we continue to honor the legacy of President George H.W. Bush, a giant of a man that we should all aspire to be. He was also a man of integrity who focused on his family and his faith. He was a loving and caring husband, fa-ther, grandfather, and great-grand-father who treated his friends and his foes with kindness, civility, and re-spect. I will be forever grateful that he fell in love with Texas A&M University, my alma mater, because that is where I had the opportunity of meeting and becoming friends with the late Presi-dent. He encouraged me to join the CIA and had a lasting impact on me and many of my peers to answer the call to service and work toward causes greater than ourselves. I will be forever grate-ful for him instilling this spirit in me. Forty-one was the epitome of a pub-lic servant and a beacon of light in this world embodying America at its best. Rest in peace, Mr. President. Thank you for your selfless service, and thank you for being an example to us all. b2000 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Lubbock, Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ). Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for hosting this Special Order, my friend R
OGER WIL-
LIAMS , a fellow Texan, to honor the life and legacy of President George Herbert Walker Bush. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a great American and a proud Texan, President George Herbert Walker Bush. This past week, we as a nation said good-bye to a true states-man. We reflected on a life of duty, honor, and, above all, service to others. From one of the youngest Navy pi-lots in our Nation’s history to the lead-er of the highest office in the land, our 41st President’s life was defined by service to others, and his dedication to our country was matched only by his love for and devotion to his family. Throughout his life, President Bush taught us that public service is a noble calling and that being a politician and a gentleman aren’t necessarily mutu-ally exclusive. His example inspired countless other Americans to get in-volved in public service, which made a tremendous impact on many lives, such as mine, and, no doubt, has had an im-pact on this country. It has made it a better and brighter place to live. Mr. Speaker, President Bush once said that he saw life in terms of mis-sions—missions defined and missions completed. Today, George Herbert Walker Bush’s mission on Earth is complete, and I join my friend, Presi-dent George W. Bush, the entire Bush family, and all Americans in cele-brating a life well-lived and rejoice with them in the promise of life ever-lasting. God, no doubt, has blessed this great country in many ways, not the least of which is with men like George Herbert Walker Bush. God bless the Bush family, and God continue to bless America. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas (Mr. W
IL-
LIAMS ) for leading this tonight. He fi-nally ran out of Texans to present here, so we are now up to California. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be able to be here tonight to join in the com-memoration celebration of President Bush 41. When he was looked to for leadership, he came through in spades. I recall mostly, I think, one of the strongest moments was, indeed, during the Gulf war, Desert Storm, and his steady hand was what was needed at a very perilous time for our allies and neighbors in the Middle East who were counting on us, but also on the ability to keep the coalitions that America had built over so many years and, in-deed, form that coalition to help us be successful on the world stage in that effort. He exuded leadership. I love the pho-tograph—I think it is the best of him. He is standing there in that bomber jacket, looking off in the distance, and just that photo exudes confidence and gives us confidence in him as a leader at that time when it was so very per-ilous. He was a good man. He learned from mistakes that happened, and he built upon them to be successful. As a President and I think most im-portantly, he would say, as a family man—indeed, when we all viewed the service for him last week here, that beautiful family that he was so proud of really is a legacy that he can be proud of, along with Barbara. That is the most important legacy. But also what he brought to the of-fice—civility, it is something that might be a little shorthanded in the dealings in Washington, D.C., these days. He brought civility, and he brought respect to the office, the insti-tution, and the interactions. Indeed, his ability to work across the aisle, and post-Presidency, work with people who had been his opponents pre-viously for causes that were bigger than all of us, he showed the way. He showed the light when he talked about the thousand points of light and being able to accomplish and help others post-Presidency. His sense of adventure, jumping out of perfectly good airplanes at each birthday or landmark birth date, that is something else. It makes me smile. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.068 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9813 December 10, 2018 
Mostly, he had a sense of humor. You saw it in his son, George W., as well. You see it all the time, but he could take a joke and give one out. Always one of my favorite things was his interacting with Dana Carvey on the Saturday Night Live skits there and his playing along, because he saw the fun in it. He saw the humor in it when people chalked him up as a com-bination of John Wayne and Mr. R
OG-
ERSin how he carried himself and the whole ‘‘na ga da’’ thing. That he interacted with Dana Carvey just showed what a well-rounded and great man this man was. We are appreciative of the oppor-tunity to commemorate him and his service in all capacities and all phases of his life. God bless him, and God bless the whole Bush family. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for coordinating this opportunity to stand in solidarity on the House floor and memorialize a dear family friend and my former boss, George Herbert Walker Bush, our 41st President. President Bush was a great sports-man, a man of warm and goofy humor, and a man who in every instance put himself in the position of serving oth-ers. He was willing to enlist and became the Navy’s youngest aviator. A brave aviator, indeed, he was, flying some 58 combat missions. But at every stage of his life until he passed on to be with Barbara and Robin on November 30 at the age of 94, Bush 41 continued to put himself in the posi-tion of serving others. That is his leg-acy, helping spread a thousand points of light—American helping American, Americans helping the less fortunate, Americans reaching out across the ocean to help those in time of need. As I noted, he was a great sportsman. He loved speed, fast boats like the Fi-delity, fast planes like his Avenger Barbara III. He was said to be Grum-man’s best customer after losing three planes as a naval aviator. Even in sports that were known for being relax-ing, Mr. Speaker, he made them fast: 18 holes of ready golf, or cart polo, as it was referred to, in minutes, not hours; supercompetitive doubles tennis and fishing. He always loved fishing—that is, when he wasn’t skydiving. But this sportsman, gentleman, serv-ant leader accomplished an extraor-dinary portfolio of successes in his sin-gle term of 4 years as our President. Called upon by the media and many to dance atop the crumbled Berlin Wall, President Bush did not dance. In-stead, he put his shoulder down and produced an agreement that, in turn, has produced extraordinary growth and prosperity among the peoples of Eu-rope. There is no greater memorial to this success than to walk down the streets today of Warsaw, Prague, or Budapest and see the economic vitality of free-market capitalism at work. But there were other exceptional mo-ments in the international portfolio, including the completion of the North American Free Trade Agreement; the reinforcement of the Monroe Doctrine by ejecting the threatening thug Manuel Noriega from Panama; the deli-cate punishment of China while bal-ancing our relationship during the re-gime’s horrible, murderous actions in Tiananmen Square; and ending the years of tension between the United States and our ally Japan by creating the Structural Impediments Initiative that opened Japanese markets by re-moving nontariff barriers to American exports and services. On the domestic front, this man of the House, Bush 41, developed an out-standing creative agenda, starting first with cleaning up the failure of the S&L crisis of the 1980s. He proposed the Americans with Disabilities Act that was accepted by Congress and has pro-vided millions of Americans with more opportunities for work and access. His Clean Air Act amendments set the standard in the world for cleaning up acid rain challenges using market mechanisms, benefiting not only Amer-ica but our neighbor to the north, Can-ada. He left office with a reputation of constraining government spending and responsible budgeting. But, of course, along the way, there were heartbreaks, beginning with the failure to have his close friend, Senator John Tower, confirmed as Secretary of Defense for ridiculous and spurious partisan reasons. On Capitol Hill, President Bush 41 struggled with incredible partisanship from Senate Leader George Mitchell and House Majority Leader Dick Gep-hardt, but he treasured his friendships of cooperation and success with Mem-bers like John Murtha, Dan Rosten-kowski, and Speaker Tip O’Neill. Mr. Speaker, George Bush 41 treas-ured God, faith, and family. He prided himself in the Army mantra of duty, honor, and country. In his memorial service at Washington National Cathe-dral, historian Jon Meacham stated that he believed Bush 41 was striving every day to justify why he had been saved on that day off Chichi Jima. Thus, his focus on service as well as his commandments: Don’t blame others and always share the credit—warm ad-monitions from his beloved mom. So, Mr. Speaker, I stand today with my friends from Texas to salute George Bush, a good and faithful servant who ran a full and fast life. I was lucky to know him, work for him, and recognize him for being the exceptional man of character that he was. Our country is blessed to have him as our Commander in Chief and our 41st President of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Texas for yielding. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, for the remaining speakers, we have 12 min-utes remaining. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the State of Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman so much for this oppor-tunity to come talk about someone we have talked about for some time now, but we could talk about him for a very long time. It is with a heavy heart that I rise this evening, along with my colleagues, to recognize the life and legacy of a true American statesman and patriot, our late President George H.W. Bush. My association with President Bush was through my hometown of Augusta, home of the Masters Tournament, founded by the greatest amateur golfer of all time, Bobby Jones. The Walker Cup, played by teams of the best ama-teur golfers from the United States, Great Britain, and Ireland every 2 years, was named after President Bush’s grandfather and his namesake. I got to know President Bush. He was the first honorary chairman of the First Tee organization. The sole pur-pose of the First Tee organization is to give those young people who do not otherwise have the economic means to play the game of golf the opportunity to play this great game. President Bush was also only one of two Presi-dents to be inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame. He led a life of utmost distinction, and the family and friends he leaves be-hind will always cherish the valuable time spent with this American hero. As he is reunited with his wife, Barbara, and daughter, Robin, in Heaven, we will continue to learn by his example always. Those young folks who are playing golf now and learning those values much appreciate it as well. Rest in peace, Mr. President. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ). Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, George Herbert Walker Bush asked all of us to be light in this world, to be gracious, to be diligent, and to be hon-est. And then he led the way by exam-ple. His patriotism was innate. It was his guiding light, Mr. Speaker. And Bar-bara was his soulmate, his compass, and part of his true north. Mr. Speaker, George H.W. Bush was one of our last great statesmen, a member of the Greatest Generation. His love for his Nation was bested only by his love for his family. This endur-ing love for both is how we will long re-member George H.W. Bush, Mr. Speak-er, and, oh, that we would emulate him. President Bush could walk into a room and make everyone feel like they belonged. He was the epitome of the true Southern gentleman, even though he wasn’t born in the South. The South did adopt him, however, I might add, Mr. Speaker. His mannerisms and his convictions gained him respect far and wide—worldwide, in fact. This great and good man brought us together and led the way, once again, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.069 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9814 December 10, 2018 
in that, during our time of mourning his passing, his example quieted some of the divisiveness that is on display all too often, Mr. Speaker. We have a lot to learn from his mis-sion and his life. Oh, that we would emulate him in that. Last week, George H.W. Bush arrived at his final, kindest, gentlest resting place with Barbara and Robin. He is home. Mission accomplished, Mr. President. George Herbert Walker Bush, Mr. Speaker, is worth emulating. Oh, that we would all do so. b2015 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to join my colleagues tonight in what is a tribute to George Herbert Walker Bush and Barbara Bush, a trib-ute of which I hope we will continue to live. It is my great honor to salute Presi-dent Bush and to be reminded of the beauty of his love of 73 years, a part-nership of service, raising a family, and serving a Nation. Last week’s tribute of mourning, memorials, and funerals was an opportunity for not only the Nation, but the world to learn of the depth and the level of integrity, hon-esty, statesmanship, and leadership of our 41st President. I am glad to have known him, as a Houstonian, and delighted to have worked with his wife, Barbara Bush, on her great commitment that everyone should have the ability to read. Lit-eracy was a standard-bearer by which she guided her later life. So many peo-ple learned to read and cherish books because of her service. I got to know the President more closely because of his relationship with my husband, Dr. Elwyn C. Lee. What most people don’t know is, preceding the Honorable Barbara Jordan and Mickey Leland, parts of the 18th Con-gressional District, of which I rep-resent, was represented by this young Congressman by the name of George Herbert Walker Bush. They were Afri-can Americans in a segregated Hous-ton. He was beloved because of his ea-gerness to treat everyone as a human being. One of his dear friends, who will turn 90 in a couple of weeks, Reverend Dr. F.N. Williams, the pastor of the Anti-och Baptist Church—he still is the pas-tor—and I remember standing next to him in Acres Homes when then-Presi-dent Herbert Walker Bush landed his big helicopter right there in our com-munity, showing and affirming the friendship. We further enjoyed the opportunity to know him, along with my husband, through his assisting him in his own high school, Andover Academy, and how kind he was to send a gift for our wedding from China. He is more than the President of the United States, the Congressman; the chair of the RNC, the envoy, among others—the Vice-President, President, the Director of the CIA, and most of all, a hero of World War II, where he, in his effort to fight for this Nation also, was shot down and looked to save his colleagues. He is a hero. He is a friend. He is a man we will honor and continue to honor. By our lives and our service we hope to affirm both the wonderful life of his lovely bride, as well as himself, and to say to his children, grand-children, great grandchildren, and oth-ers: Rest well. Thank you for sharing him with us, for he did serve his Na-tion. By that, he has served the people of this Nation. My God bless. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to honor the late President George Herbert Walker Bush, our 41st President of the United States, and express our condolences to the Bush family. President Bush accomplished many policy objectives during his nearly 30 years in government, but I believe his greatest legacy is his complete devo-tion to this Nation and its people. In and out of office, President Bush dedi-cated his life to public service and helping others. He belonged to that era of Americans known as the Greatest Generation. Whether it was serving in the U.S. Navy during World War II or achieving the highest office in the land, Presi-dent Bush never failed to demonstrate selflessness and compassion. When faced with conflicts and adversity, President Bush always responded with grace and honor. He lived at a time when Americans and America knew who we were. His lifetime of service was rightly recognized in 2011, when he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Nation’s highest civilian honor. Even though he is no longer with us, his legacy of kindness and self- sacrifice will live on. As we transition into the 116th Con-gress, I would like us to remember President Bush for his complete devo-tion to this country and its citizens. It is an honor to have a career in public service, and I am grateful our country had a role model like President Bush. I hope my colleagues in Congress feel the same. At a time in history when the Nation feels divided, we must remember those who have stood before us and worked to bring the American people together for the good of the country. The align-ment he had in life is a simple one. In fact, our Nation would be better served if we followed it. It is: God, country, and family. I ask that we honor late President Bush, we remember his encouragement to work hand-in-hand with our neigh-bors to give back to our community and to our country. The American peo-ple are lucky to have such a compas-sionate and honorable leader and we will forever be grateful for his service to this great country. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, faith, family, and friends. We may never see the likes of George H.W. Bush again, although we hope we do. Praise the Lord for the President. Praise the Lord for his family. In God we trust. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2, AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. CONAWAY submitted the fol-lowing conference report and state-ment on the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes: (For conference report and state-ment, see proceedings of the House of December 10, 2018, published in Book II.) 
f 
IGNORANCE OR EVIL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, over Thanksgiving, I had the amazing op-portunity to accompany some impres-sive individuals and thought leaders from the Freedom Research Founda-tion, on my own dime and my own time, into Iraq and northeastern Syria. There was a debate that ran between myself and one of these individuals over what was more dangerous, igno-rance or evil. Ultimately, I suggest that perhaps ignorance is dangerous and evil is dangerous, but the most dangerous thing might be the igno-rance of evil itself. In order to van-quish evil, we must first vanquish igno-rance. We must recognize the evil that exists in order to correct it. Tonight, to that end, I will speak to the realities on the ground, not only in the Middle East, but in so many parts of the world, but specifically in Iraq and Syria right now as I speak. If we don’t get this right, not only will innu-merable lives vanish, but entire cul-tures will vanish. To my left is an image of individuals restrained and then set on fire, one of many barbaric acts that I could have chosen to visually depict the horrors that have been visited upon this region since the rise of ISIS and the Syrian civil war began. Edmund Burke once said—and I will paraphrase, ‘‘The only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good people to do nothing.’’ I might submit that the only thing worse than doing nothing is doing the wrong thing. All too often in the Middle East Western governments’ policies are some combination of the two: nothing and the wrong thing. There are any number of ways to il-lustrate this, but one might be this de-piction of an individual who was ac-tively committing atrocities against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.070 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9815 December 10, 2018 
their fellow man and who was later welcomed into a Western nation as a refugee. That he went through a vet-ting process and was deemed to be a refugee from the very horror which he perpetrated is an anecdotal but very real evidentiary indicator of the fact that sometimes governments get it wrong. We have gotten it wrong enough in this part of the world recently that we have seen not only ethnic cleansing but genocide on a scale that really and truly is hard to imagine the mirror of— perhaps Cambodia, certainly during the Second World War. In fact, I spent the better part of a year living in a tent in the former Yugoslav Republic of Bos-nia because of ethnic cleansing and genocide. But let’s put this in light. b2030 We look the other way or do nothing so often that it becomes almost second nature. In 70 years, as civil war has raged in Burma, minority peoples—the Chin; the Kachin; the Wa; the Shan; and now, finally, receiving some atten-tion, the Rohingya—are persecuted, exterminated, and displaced by a rag-ing government. And the West is quiet, perhaps not because we condone it but because we are not aware of it. In Rwanda, over a period of 100 days, we lost about 10,000 lives a day. That is a million people. In Bosnia, 8,000 were killed in Srebrenica in 1995. These war crimes begat the ICTY, the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. Yet, as we see ISIS rolled up into its final strong-hold in the Deir ez-Zor province of Syria, with fighting currently going on as we speak around Hajin, no similar thing exists. In fact, we see individuals whom we can identify who have immigrated to Europe who have not at all been held to account. That, in itself, is a shame and a tragedy and something that I would hope to see corrected. But in Syria and Iraq not only have we done nothing; we have gotten it wrong. We gave roughly a billion dol-lars to the Free Syrian Army. Compo-nents of the Free Syrian Army in-cluded Jabhat al-Nusra, which was es-sentially al-Qaida—we have now armed and funded al-Qaida to fight ISIS— components now of antiregime forces like al-Sham, which has been co-opted by an expansionist, arrogant, hostile, evil Turkish leader named Erdogan. And, in the meantime, we have seen any number of minority communities persecuted, displaced, murdered, and raped across the region. To my left, your right, you will see a pie chart. It is 100 percent of a pie chart. That represents the approxi-mately 3 million Christians in Iraq and Syria at the high point of their popu-lation in the 21st century. What re-mains of that pie chart is that: 2.7 mil-lion human beings displaced, raped, murdered, tortured, et cetera. And we have done nothing, truly, to effectively stop this. There was lament from the White House and many others, myself in-cluded, about the disproportionate numbers of individuals admitted as ref-ugees by virtue of how it reflected the total population of these areas and their faith. But the answer is not to re-move Christians or Yazidis or Circassians or Armenian minorities from Iraq and Syria; it is to create a circumstance where they can live in their home safely without fear. Yet we haven’t done that. Mr. Speak-er, 2.7 million, ballpark. Again, you can go to CIA World Factbook or any num-ber of sources. That is three people dis-placed, killed, et cetera, roughly, for every one in Rwanda. That is 325 people displaced or killed for every one in Srebrenica. And we sit. And our foreign policy seems to be driven, oftentimes, by whatever the largest interests at play are. We are much more concerned with what the Russians are doing, with what the Turks are doing, with what the Ira-nians are doing. I could say what the regime was doing, but I have already mentioned the Russians. I understand that from a geopolitical sort of big-picture scale, but I would submit the following, Mr. Speaker: If you want to get the big things right, you must first start by getting the small things right. If you want to un-derstand what is going on in the world and get it right for tomorrow so that we can prevent this sort of suffering and inhumanity in the future, then you must first find those who share your values and align with them today. What are these atrocities that have been committed, specifically against the Christian community but not ex-clusively, against the Yazidi commu-nity, against Shia or Sunni, depending upon who had the upper hand, where, and when—crucifixions? There is a cottage industry in kid-napping and ransom. At one point, over 200 Christians were kidnapped and ulti-mately ransomed off for millions of dollars, which then went to fund the very entities that kidnapped them to begin with. And when things didn’t move quickly enough, Mr. Speaker, three innocent people were murdered just to make a point. We didn’t hear about it on the nightly news. We see a displacement and an ethnic cleansing taking place particularly in Iraq, where collaborators search through titles and then find a cousin and take a deed and sell it to someone who has been selected by entities that seek to change the demographic make-up of an area, who is of a particular faith. So the Shabak population, perpet-ually a victim population in itself, has been moved into Christian areas to re-populate them with those who will be complicit in the rearrangement of en-tire regions. In fact, before the conflict in Iraq, there were vibrant, thriving Christian communities in Bosra, in Baghdad and Mosul. Now we have seen them rolled up, pushed out of the country, mur-dered, and then, now, essentially con-tained, by and large, in an end of a plain. The Khabur River area in Syria was under siege by ISIS, where churches and homes were destroyed, but where, also, the regime of Bashar al-Assad dropped bombs from aircraft. And if this victimization isn’t bad enough, it is multiplied by the fact that ISIS and those who fight against ISIS, in the case of the Free Syrian Army, hold with great disdain the West. And so, therefore, if you happen to be Christian, you are identified by default as pro-Western, and, therefore, the argument is let them help you. Well, these people are not any more Western than I am Middle Eastern, but they are victims of that perception. And we do nothing. So we know that minority groups have been victimized by Sunni extrem-ists and ISIS, Shia extremists, Hezbollah, radical elements of the PMU, the Hashd al-Shaabi, by the Free Syrian Army, by Turkey and their co- opting of some of these very elements, by Russia, and by the regime, who not only drops chemical weapons on those who oppose them in regime-controlled areas, but also in the areas that are not. All of these exploit or target reli-gious minorities in order to maintain political power. And it is a play that is as old as tyranny itself, that you would find a minority group that was large enough that everyone might know someone in that minority group and then ascribe to them all the problems of your society; and then, in creating a victim, unite your society against that minority group in order to maintain your own power. It is the face of evil. And who does this? Well, the regime, Russia, but Turkey. Turkey, in par-ticular, has been guilty and, I think, is egregiously so by virtue of the fact that we refer to them constantly as our NATO ally. Turkey has taken the occasion of ca-lamity in Syria in order to enhance and expand Turkey itself. This is abso-lutely, positively, unequivocally unde-niable. To my left, your right, you see pic-tures of the entrance to the hospital in Afrin, along with al-Bab and Jarabulus areas that the Turkish have taken military control of under the auspices of a cleverly named marketing ploy called Euphrates Shield, which tacitly was designed to help root out ISIS. If indeed this was designed to help root out ISIS, why do Turkish flags fly above the buildings in Afrin as opposed to Free Syrian flags? Why is it that the sign in front of the hospital is no longer in Kurdish and Arabic but now in Turkish and Arabic? Why are they changing the names of the streets in Afrin to Turkish names? Why have they changed the language in which students are taught in school? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.072 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9816 December 10, 2018 
Why is the police force in Afrin equipped with Turkish equipment swearing allegiance to Erdogan, speak-ing Turkish, and imposing a Turkish will upon a people who are not even ethnically Turkish? In fact, to compare Afrin or Jarabulus or al-Bab to the Sudetenland is to forget the fact that there were ac-tually Germans in the Sudetenland when it was ceded to Hitler. So we have seen an expansionist Tur-key use the calamity of ISIS and the Syrian civil war to grab land and then impose upon a people a language that is not their own, rules that are not their own, enforcement that is not their own, and tyranny that is not their own. And this is the tip of the iceberg. These are our NATO allies. They spend millions of dollars a month in this city to influence policy and opinion. They put our air base at Incirlik under siege, quite literally, cutting water and power to that facility where nuclear weapons are stored and, candidly, were a scintilla away from storming the gates and visiting unimaginable terror on our servicemen and -women sta-tioned there. They brutalized, kicked, stomped, punched, and hit with ASPs and wands American citizens on American soil. They attacked and killed civilians in Syria with U.S.-made weapons, F–16s, and now we are going to sell them F– 35s? Erdogan speaks in favorable terms of the Nazis. Turkey, our NATO ally, is engaged in three-party talks regarding the future of Syria with such global good actors as Iran and Russia, negat-ing the thoughts or interests of their ‘‘NATO allies’’ or, more importantly in my estimation, the very people who suffer under their jackboot. They have imprisoned over 50,000 peo-ple as a result of an uprising and have been rated to have one of the least free presses on the planet Earth. They conflate truth with fiction, and they manipulate U.S. policy by conflating the YPG with the PKK and the PKK in Syria with the PKK in Tur-key and, even now, are demanding a ‘‘Kurdish withdrawal’’ from Manbij, where I met with members of the mili-tary council, suggesting that the YPG unilaterally controls Manbij. Well, I have news for you, Mr. Erdogan. It has already been done. The SDF controls Manbij, and the leaders of that military council might have some Kurds among them, but they also include Arabs and Christians and ev-eryone else who lives in that region. And we are negotiating with them over this because they play word games and they are a step ahead of us. One of the most amazing stories I heard was outside Jarabulus at the front lines from a local commander who said that when the Turks came into Jarabulus, the ISIS fighters that the Turks said they had vanquished never actually vanished but only changed uniforms. In fact, where I stood, machine-gun fire had impacted that same very day from forces of the Free Syrian Army who sat about 3 kilometers in front of the Turkish military base on that side of the line. In other words, and I can tell you this based on my time in a uniform, if Turkey didn’t want them to be there, they wouldn’t be there. And what was ISIS that the Turkish said they would vanquish is now the same people in dif-ferent uniforms working for Turkey, spreading the same sort of terror. And they have the hubris to demand that the Syrian Democratic Forces, which are a multiethnic, tolerant, plu-ralistic group which represents the var-ious ethnicities and religions of the in-dividuals on the ground, is synonymous with the Kurdish element, the YPG, which, yes, indeed, had a great deal to do with liberating Manbij from ISIS but is no longer responsible for that area. Why? So that they can co-opt control of that area without firing a shot. And I can assure you of this: The peo-ple there are rightly afraid. And as if Turkey was not bad enough, Mr. Speaker, Iran. We, the United States, withdrew from Iraq to maintain a political promise, thus creating a vacuum, and everyone knows that power abhors a vacuum. And so when that vacuum was created, the Iranian regime took advantage of years of ex-ploitation of Shia in Iraq by Sunni and the Hussein the Ba’athist administra-tions and essentially flipped the script. Now, there are people in Baghdad who are working very hard to get this right. We have friends in Baghdad, but Iran is working, as we speak, to under-mine this fact. They promote and fund ethnic cleansing. They help to move prop-erties where Christians or other mi-norities have been displaced into the hands of other groups, which will change the composition of the area, thus allowing them greater ease in con-trol. They have killed, maimed, injured innumerable of our brothers and sis-ters, Iranian weaponry on the battle-field in Iraq. And then there is the regime and Russia. So many people suggest that, perhaps, in the Middle East, in Syria in particular, there are no good guys. Well, there are. And the regime and Russia have sought to play this to their advantage. Make no mistake; the Russians don’t care so much about the Assad regime as they do about a warm-water port in the Mediterranean, which has been a dream in Russia since the czars, transit to the Atlantic through the Mediterra-nean without the need to cross the Bos-porus out of the Black Sea. But they have also weaponized reli-gious leaders against their own people, essentially creating circumstances wherein, if bishops and patriarchs told the whole story about what was hap-pening to their flock on one side of an imaginary line, they might endanger their flock on another. b2045 They have bombed not only their own civilians but the Khabur River Valley in areas they didn’t control, and then stood back and gladly blamed those atrocities on other parties. And they do this because we don’t under-stand exactly what is being done. So we have identified the problems, but what are the solutions? Long-term solutions mean getting the little things right first. To get the little things right, we have to find the people who share our values. And they do exist. What can we do to this end? In Iraq, I think, recognizing the KRG as a self- governing subentity of a greater Iraq, their legitimacy, and then fostering and encouraging their devotion to plu-ralism. We talk about atrocities committed. It is interesting how many times I heard the story of a million Christians murdered at the hands of the Ottoman Turks, having contracted the Kurdish population in 1915. And so the Chris-tians said when the Iraqi government forces pulled out from in front of the Christian towns, particularly the Nineveh Plains, and left them exposed and defenseless to the rise of ISIS, they knew—they just knew that no one would help because the Kurds had not been their friends 100 years earlier. And yet it was these Kurds who stepped in and stopped ISIS, at least long enough for people to flee with their lives. And so this commitment to religious minorities to other minorities is per-haps bred of the fact that the Kurds themselves, within the greater nation of Iraq, are a minority. But I am not terribly concerned with where it comes from. I have more concern with what the result is. So if there is a commitment to toler-ance anywhere that has been dem-onstrated on the ground in Iraq, it is in the subregion of Iraqi Kurdistan. This is a shared value. These are people with whom we can work. We should insist that Iraqi authori-ties in the central government in Bagh-dad adhere to their own constitution. What I do mean by that? Well, in the Iraqi constitution, there is a revenue- sharing agreement that creates a fed-eralist system by virtue of funneling moneys to areas based on population, et cetera. And for years on end, this very money was lorded over the Kurd-ish regions in order to demand compli-ance. And, again, I am not advocating for an autonomous Iraqi Kurdistan. I am advocating for a self-administrating subentity of a greater Iraq. But if we are going to help the Iraqis, we need to demand that they actually follow their own constitution, because they are right now weaponizing against the very people that they purport to serve. We should direct U.S. aid in any form that it is administered to the govern-ment at the closest level to the people. Decentralize—as Thomas Jefferson once said, that government closest to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.074 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9817 December 10, 2018 
the people governs best and is most easily held to account. Too often American aid is pilfered along its way from the United States through a central government to a re-gional government to a local govern-ment or entity. Let’s find the good guys. Send it straight to them. How do you do this? Well, within these subregions, we can find other subregions. For example, the Nineveh Plains in Iraq. I have spoken with Prime Minister Barzani, with the inte-rior minister, with the finance min-ister—entire communities, literally towns and cities pushed free of their generational inhabitants that could come back and create a bastion of tol-erance and adversity inside of a region that knows far too little of both. And so the establishment of a Nineveh Plains Council and the direct-ing of aid to that Nineveh Plains Coun-cil, not as an independent entity of a nation of Iraq or from Iraqi Kurdistan, but there within, in the Federalist con-struct, we would be siding with those who share our values to create out-comes that are consistent with our val-ues. And let me articulate briefly on what those values are: that all people are created equal and endowed by their creators with inalienable rights, and among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Now, if I could spend 11 days in the United States of America and hear Jef-ferson and Locke and Hobbes and Madi-son and Mason quoted nearly as often as I did in north and eastern Syria or northern Iraq, I would think we were getting civics and history right. But these common values are what we will build a sustainable and peaceful future on. Support concrete steps to establish a true multiethnic, multireligious, plu-ralistic government in Iraq. The frame-work exists. So, for example, if Iraq is the United States, then Iraqi Kurdistan is California, and Nineveh Plains is Los Angeles, and separate, between these entities, into the appropriate realms, those government structures of each. In other words, the political leaders shouldn’t be making religious deci-sions. The religious leaders shouldn’t be making political decisions. The eco-nomic leaders shouldn’t be making se-curity decisions. And security leaders shouldn’t be making economic deci-sions. This isn’t Tom’s idea. These folks have figured this out. What we are not doing is helping them get it right. Again, if Iraq is the United States, then the KRG is California, and Nineveh Plains is Los Angeles. Get Los Angeles right, it will help California. Get California right, it will help Iraq. And the same can be said in Syria. What does right look like? Again, re-peatedly, people coming to me saying: Well, Mason said; Madison said; the Declaration said; the Constitution said. The SDC, the Syrian Democratic Coun-cil, governs north and eastern Syria, again, just like a State government might govern a subentity of the United States. There is not some desire for independence from Syria, but instead for a greater Syria that respects basic human rights and freedoms. These are American values and ideas. And it is not just the SDC in north and eastern Syria. They have separate councils in every single town, and these towns’ councils look like the towns. If a population of Circassians exist, then Circassians have representation. There are more women in leadership positions by proportion in north and eastern Syria than there are in the United States House of Representa-tives. The Turks tell us that north and eastern Syria, the Syrian Democratic Council, is a subentity of the Kurds. The Turks are lying. Let me tell you what the Syrian Democratic Council looks like. It looks Arab. It looks Kurdish. It looks Chris-tian. It looks Yazidi. It looks Circassian. It looks like a man. It looks like a woman. It looks liberal. It looks conservative. It looks like you and me. And what do we do to get it right? Well, the first thing that we could do that wouldn’t involve spending a single dime of taxpayer money is recognize the right of the Syrian Democratic Council to exist as an independent sub-entity of a greater Syria. Mr. Presi-dent, you could do this with one tweet. Again, I am not advocating on behalf of an independent nation in north and eastern Syria. I am advocating on be-half of a Syrian nation that shares val-ues based on what the leaders in this land that have undergone so much tragedy, so much dying, so much rape, have suffered through to beget. Instead, we shape our policy on what might the Turks do, what might the Iranians do. I have got bad news. There is not a darn thing we can do to make them like us. Meanwhile, we have got people who inherently are drawn to us by virtue of an idea that everyone has a right to go to sleep in his or her own community without fear that they won’t wake up in the morning; who just need us to say: Yes, you have a right to be there. What other steps? Allow visas for the SDC leaders to get to the United States. That is right. They have essen-tially what is a state government. Their leaders aren’t allowed to come here. Their leaders aren’t allowed to walk the halls of this building like leaders from every other nation in the world and tell their story. Stroke of a pen. Suggest that the val-ues articulated in the SDC social con-tract be mirrored in foundational docu-ments for a new Syria. These values in-clude tolerance, pluralism, secular gov-ernment—not secular society—freedom of religion, freedom from religion, equal rights for women, no persecution of people based on sexual orientation, the right to aspire and attempt and en-deavor and succeed. These are Amer-ican values. I am not suggesting that we say that the SDC social contract should be adopted by all of Syria. I am sug-gesting that we suggest that when we negotiate this, because heretofore they are not even invited to the table, that they look at those values and seek to mirror those as part of any source of a sustainable future in that country. To that end, we should insist on the inclusion and recognition of the SDC in any peace negotiations. We should es-tablish immediately a no-fly zone over north and eastern Syrian. If the north and eastern Syrian SDC doesn’t want you flying and the United States doesn’t want you flying, you can’t fly. Why? Well, because the Turks have sta-tioned artillery on the border. They have shelled across the border. They have killed civilians across the border. The regime has dropped barrel bombs in the Khabur River Valley and killed civilians across the border, and the SDC—God bless them for trying— doesn’t have any way of stopping it. We should inform Turkey that the YPG is already out of Manbij and that the SDF isn’t the YPG. We should in-form Turkey, ultimately, that they can get out of Syria or they can get out of NATO. The farce that suggests that Euphra-tes Shield is somehow in operation where Turkey collaborates with the world to rid it of the evil of ISIS is proven false by virtue not only of the horrific atrocities committed by the Turks, not only of the allowing of the Turks—of the forces that are osten-sibly under their control to continue to attack peaceable peoples in the region, but also by the renaming of the streets, the hospitals, the schools, the police departments in the areas which they have occupied under the auspices of combating ISIS. When was the last time the United States Army ever liberated an area and then changed the language to English and flew the U.S. flag over the hospital and the county administration build-ing? These are not our allies. What can we do to help not only in Syria and Iraq but in both? Make a concrete commitment to governments at whatever level—at the local level as embodied by the conceptual Nineveh Plains Council; the state level as em-bodied by a KRG, who, while not per-fect, is acting a whole lot more in alignment with values of tolerance and secularism than anyone else in the re-gion; and the Federal level in the in-stances of places like Jordan, make concrete commitments to these people who share our values. This means more than money. Sup-port Iranian opposition groups, insist that our allies ought to do business with us or with the Iranians, suspend the sale of weapons to Turkey until the Turks begin to behave like a nation that belongs amongst the community of nations. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be an American. I am proud of American values. But we, like all human beings, are imperfect. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.076 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9818 December 10, 2018 
Contrary to the thoughts of some, America is not the source of all the world’s problems, we are also not the solution. But with great power comes great responsibility, Mr. Speaker, and we have been given great power. It is our duty to get this right. Just like in the parable of the talents—to whom much is given, from whom much is expected. There is no excuse in re-maining ignorant. People are dying. We need to get this right. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolution of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker, on Thursday, December 6, 2018: 
H.R. 754. An act to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in rec-ognition of his heroic achievements and cou-rageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. H.J. Res. 143. Joint Resolution making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported and found truly en-rolled bills of the House of the fol-lowing titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker, on Friday, De-cember 7, 2018: 
H.R. 1417. An act to amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and for other purposes. H.R. 1861. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achieve-ments and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. H.R. 3398. An act to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identification requirements under such Act, and for other purposes. H.R. 5238. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. H.R. 6330. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to modify the method for pre-scribing size standards for business concerns. f 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on December 6, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills and joint resolution: 
H.J. Res. 143. Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes. H.R. 754. To award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous con-tributions to peace in the Middle East. H.R. 1207. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’. ADJOURNMENT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, December 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7103. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Division of Swap Dealer and Intermediary Oversight, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Margin Requirements for Uncleared Swaps for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants (RIN: 3038-AE71) received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 7104. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pears Grown in Oregon and Washington; In-creased Assessment Rate for Fresh Pears [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-18-0048; SC18-927-1 FR] re-ceived November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 7105. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — DoD Identity Management [Docket ID: DOD-2015-OS-0054] (RIN: 0790- AJ36) received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7106. A letter from the Alternate OSD FRLO, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Registration of Privately Owned Motor Vehicles [Docket ID: DOD-2018-OS- 0006] (RIN: 0790-AK15) received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 7107. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of Housing — Federal Housing Commis-sioner, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Manufactured Home Pro-cedural and Enforcement Regulations; Clari-fying the Exemption for Manufacture of Rec-reational Vehicles [Docket No.: FR-5877-F-02] (RIN: 2502-AJ33) received November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 7108. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting a Declaration of a Public Health Emergency and Waiver and/or Modification of Certain HIPAA, and Medicare, Medicaid, and Children’s Health Insurance Program Requirements (wildfires on the State of Cali-fornia), pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 319(a) (as amended by Public Law 107-188, Sec. 144(a)); (116 Stat. 630) and 42 U.S.C. 1320b-5(d); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XI, Sec. 1135(d) (as added by Public Law 107-188, Sec. 143(a)); (116 Stat. 628); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7109. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled, ‘‘Report to Congress: Evaluation of the Independence at Home Demonstration’’, pur-suant to 42 U.S.C. 1395cc-5(g); Public Law 111- 148, Sec. 3024; (124 Stat. 407; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 7110. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Modernization of Media Regulation Initiative: Procedural Revisions to the Fil-ing of Open Video System Certification Ap-plications [MB Docket No.: 17-105] received November 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7111. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Test Procedures and Labeling Standards for Recycled Oil (RIN: 3084-AB48) received November 28, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7112. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report on United States Citizens Detained by Iran, pursuant to the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, Public Law 115-44; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 7113. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s 59th Semiannual Report to Congress on Audit Follow-up, covering the six-month period ending September 20, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7114. A letter from the General Counsel, Executive Office of The President, transmit-ting seven (7) notifications of either a federal vacancy, nomination, action on nomination, or change in previously submitted reported information, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 7115. A letter from the Chairman and The General Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting the Board’s Semiannual Report of the Office of Inspector General for the period April 1, 2018, through September 30, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 7116. A letter from the Staff Director, U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting the Commission’s annual Performance and Accountability Report for FY 2018, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107- 289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 7117. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Coastal Migratory Pelagic Re-sources of the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; 2018-2019 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for King Mackerel in the Gulf of Mexico Western Zone [Docket No.: 160426363-7275-02] (RIN: 0648-XG523) re-ceived November 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 7118. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Northern Rockfish in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area [Docket No.: 170817779-8161-02] (RIN: 0648-XG492) received November 28, 2018, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K10DE7.077 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9819 December 10, 2018 
pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 7119. A letter from the Solicitor General, Department of Justice, transmitting a deci-sion from the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida on United States v. Pryor, No. 15-cr-20404 (S.D. Fla. Jan. 27, 2016), appeal pending, No. 16-10806 (11th Cir. filed Feb. 25, 2016), pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 530D(a)(1); Public Law 107-273, Sec. 202(a); (116 Stat. 1771); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 7120. A letter from the Administrator, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a report advising that the cost of response and recovery efforts for FEMA- 3399-EM in the State of Hawaii has exceeded the limit for a single emergency declaration, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 5193(b)(3); Public Law 93-288, Sec. 503(b)(3) (as amended by Public Law 100-707, Sec. 107(a)); (102 Stat. 4707); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7121. A letter from the Administrator, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notification that the cost of response and recovery efforts for FEMA-3405- EM in the State of Florida has exceeded the limit for a single emergency declaration, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 5193(b)(3); Public Law 93-288, Sec. 503(b)(3) (as amended by Public Law 100-707, Sec. 107(a)); (102 Stat. 4707); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 7122. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rules — Religious Exemptions and Accom-modations for Coverage of Certain Preven-tive Services Under the Affordable Care Act [TD-9840] (RIN: 1545-BN92) received Novem-ber 27, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1552. A bill to pre-serve open competition and Federal Govern-ment neutrality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Fed-eral and federally funded construction projects, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 1068). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 6893. A bill to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exception through 2019, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–1069). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3593. A bill to amend the Wilderness Act to authorize U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection to conduct cer-tain activities to secure the international land borders of the United States, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1070, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 5727. A bill to establish the San Rafael Swell Western Heritage and Historic Mining National Conservation Area in the State of Utah, to designate wilderness areas in the State, to provide for certain land conveyances, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1071). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CONAWAY: Committee of Conference. Conference report on H.R. 2. A bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1072). Ordered to be printed. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Homeland Security dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 3593 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia): H.R. 7227. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself, Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. L
EE, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Ms. M ENG, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. K USTER of New Hamp-shire, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. S
PEIER , and Mr. P
OCAN ): H.R. 7228. A bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 to include in the Annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices a section on reproductive rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. B
UDD, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. G IANFORTE , and Mr. N
ORMAN ): H.R. 7229. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to protect student rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. R
ICE of South Carolina, Mr. G
OWDY , and Mr. S ANFORD ): H.R. 7230. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 226 West Main Street in Lake City, South Carolina, as the ‘‘Postmaster Frazier B. Baker Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: H.R. 7231. A bill to provide regulatory re-lief for conventional marginally producing oil and gas wells from the Environmental Protection Agency’s ‘‘Methane Rule’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 7232. A bill to establish a National Wildlife Corridors Program to provide for the protection and restoration of certain na-tive fish, wildlife, and plant species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Armed Services, Agriculture, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 7233. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize grants for graduate medical education partnerships in States with a low ratio of medical residents relative to the general population; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 7234. A bill to amend the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 to require certain issuers to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission information regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent the Public Com-pany Accounting Oversight Board from per-forming inspections under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Ms. DELBENE (for herself and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 7235. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish Lifelong Learning and Training Account programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 7236. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to provide for the establish-ment of a radiofrequency radiation site safe-ty information database, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi (for him-self and Mr. W
ALZ): H.R. 7237. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to ensure that the final pay and certificate of discharge or release for a re-serve member of the Armed Forces is ready upon discharge or release of that member from active status; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. B
ERA, and Mr. L
AMALFA ): H.R. 7238. A bill to prohibit discrimination on the basis of military service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 7239. A bill to prohibit requests for the disclosure of a social security account num-ber in commercial transactions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. E SPAILLAT ): H.R. 7240. A bill to designate the Manhat-tan Campus of the New York Harbor Health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10DE7.000 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9820 December 10, 2018 
Care System of the Department of Veterans Affairs as the ‘‘Margaret Cochran Corbin Campus of the New York Harbor Health Care System’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7241. A bill to protect freedom of speech in America’s electoral process and en-sure transparency in campaign finance; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7242. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow certain areas af-fected by certain Federally declared disas-ters to be designated as opportunity zones; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 7243. A bill to amend Public Law 115- 217 to change the address of the postal facil-ity designated by such Public Law in honor of Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 7244. A bill to provide for the unencumbering of title to non-Federal land owned by Win Oil Company, Incorporated, for purposes of economic development by re-moving the Federal reversion interest in that land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SIRES (for himself, Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mrs. T
ORRES ): H.R. 7245. A bill to provide humanitarian relief to the Venezuelan people and Ven-ezuelan migrants, to advance a constitu-tional and democratic solution to Ven-ezuela’s political crisis, to address Ven-ezuela’s economic reconstruction, to combat public corruption, narcotics trafficking, and money laundering, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in ad-dition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 7246. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a nonregulatory program to support restoration and protec-tion efforts in the Hudson-Mohawk River Basin region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JONES of North Carolina: H. Con. Res. 145. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the honorable service of military working dogs and soldier handlers in the tac-tical explosive detection dog program of the Army and encouraging the Army and other government agencies, including law enforce-ment agencies, with former tactical explo-sive detection dogs to prioritize adoption of the dogs to former tactical explosive detec-tion dog handlers; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. FLORES (for himself, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B
ACON , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mrs. B
LACK , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B UCK, Mr. B
UDD, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
HABOT , Ms. C HENEY , Mr. C LOUD , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C ULBER -
SON, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C
URTIS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. E
MMER , Mr. E STES of Kan-sas, Mr. F
ASO, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. G OWDY , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mrs. H
ANDEL , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Ohio, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. K USTOFF of Ten-nessee, Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mrs. L ESKO , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S CA-
LISE, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
ESSIONS , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. S
HUSTER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-sylvania, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T
URNER , Mr. V EASEY , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W ALKER , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. L ATTA , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. V ELA, Mr. B
ERGMAN , and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): H. Res. 1172. A resolution honoring the life of President George Herbert Walker Bush; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. CONAWAY: H. Res. 1173. A resolution encouraging the Department of Defense and the Department of the Navy to enter into an international joint-build, cost-sharing program for the next generation nuclear-powered fast attack submarine program, and encouraging the De-partment of the Navy to maximize the util-ity of autonomous underwater vehicles; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. R USH, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, and Mr. H
ULTGREN ): H. Res. 1174. A resolution recognizing the 70th anniversary of the Universal Declara-tion of Human Rights and the celebration of ‘‘Human Rights Day’’; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 7227. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 7228. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, U.S. Constitution By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 7229. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. CLYBURN: H.R. 7230. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: H.R. 7231. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 7232. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress under Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 3; Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2; and Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.R. 7233. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 7234. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L10DE7.100 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9821 December 10, 2018 
Article I, sec 8. By Ms. D
ELBENE: H.R. 7235. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 7236. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KELLY of Mississippi: H.R. 7237. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 7238. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, sec 8, cl.3 (commerce clause), & cl. 18 (necessary and proper clause); section 1 of the 14th Amendment (due process and equal protection clauses), and section 5 of the 14th Amendment (enforcement). In addi-tion, Article 1, sec 8, & cl. 16. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 7239. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 7240. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7241. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1, Section 4, Clause I ‘‘The Times and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, ex-cept as to the Places of chusing Senators.’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7242. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause I says, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.R. 7243. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘to establish post offices and postal roads.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Nec-essary and Proper Clause By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 7244. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 7245. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 7246. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 154: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 866: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 930: Mr. M
ORELLE . H.R. 1138: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1318: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. M ORELLE , Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 1339: Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 1438: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 1475: Mr. M
ORELLE . H.R. 1612: Mr. M
ORELLE and Ms. S CANLON . H.R. 1832: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 1847: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. C ARSON of In- diana, Ms. G
RANGER , and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 2044: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 2309: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 2315: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2472: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2475: Ms. S
CANLON . H.R. 2886: Mr. P
OCAN and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 3128: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 3137: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 3195: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 3197: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 3288: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 3440: Ms. S
CANLON . H.R. 3464: Mr. M
ORELLE and Ms. S CANLON . H.R. 3918: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4022: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 4143: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 4198: Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Ms. W
ILD. H.R. 4256: Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 4271: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
ILDEE , and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 4444: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4471: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4691: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4732: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. K
HANNA , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 5058: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 5160: Ms. P
INGREE and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 5282: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. R OGERS of Ala- bama. H.R. 5499: Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Mr. B UDD, Mr. B
UCSHON , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. G OWDY , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. H ILL, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. U PTON , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 5885: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 5911: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 6016: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 6033: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 6043: Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 6060: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 6081: Mr. R
YANof Ohio and Mr. S IMP-
SON. H.R. 6085: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. L OFGREN , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 6135: Ms. S
CANLON . H.R. 6278: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 6454: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 6502: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 6543: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 6590: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 6615: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 6653: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 6685: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 6693: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 6714: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 6759: Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash- ington, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 6795: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L AWSON of Flor- ida, Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. L EE, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. R
USH, and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 6807: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 6854: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 6888: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 6903: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 6932: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 6993: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 7062: Mr. M
ORELLE and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 7116: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 7123: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 7127: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 7136: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 7141: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 7142: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 7146: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 7209: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. R EED. H.R. 7217: Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.J. Res. 129: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H. Con. Res. 138: Mr. L
ARSON of Con- necticut. H. Con. Res. 142: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. B ASS, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. K IL-
DEE, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. B UCK, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il- linois, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ECK, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. H IMES, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. S IRES, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. G OMEZ , Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. L ARSON  of Connecticut, Ms. P
ELOSI , and Mr. B IGGS. H. Con. Res. 144: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H. Res. 35: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky. H. Res. 356: Ms. S
PEIER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.010 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9822 December 10, 2018 
H. Res. 1031: Mr. T AKANO , Ms. W ILD, Ms. S
CANLON , Mr. K IND, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. L
OEBSACK . H. Res. 1034: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H. Res. 1145: Mr. SERRANO , Mr. H ECK, and Ms. W
ILD. H. Res. 1162: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H. Res. 1165: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R UTHER -
FORD , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. P OEof Texas. H. Res. 1168: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. W ALBERG . 
N O T I C E For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of December 10, 2018, published in Book II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:11 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A10DE7.016 H10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7373 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 10, 2018 No. 194 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Eternal God, stay close to us, and we will have no need to fear. Enable us to feel the joy of Your saving presence. You have been our refuge in ages past. You continue to be our hope for the seasons to come. Inspire our Senators to live with a sense of accountability to You. Remind them that You are the only con-stituent they absolutely must please. Lord, help them to emulate the depths of Your caring in their relationships and responsibilities, ever seeking to glorify Your Name. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF JUSTIN GEORGE MUZINICH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, this will be a busy week here in the Senate. We begin by making more progress on the President’s nominees. Later today, we will vote to advance the nomination of President Trump’s choice to serve as Deputy Secretary at the Department of the Treasury, Jus-tin Muzinich. This nomination was re-ported favorably by our colleagues on the Finance Committee earlier this year. Chairman HATCH has character-ized the nominee as ‘‘qualified, com-petent, and ready to get to work.’’ As we speak, of course, Mr. Muzinich is already serving as senior counselor to Secretary Mnuchin. He is drawing on years of experience in financial management and putting that experi-ence to work through public service. The nominee holds an MBA from Har-vard Business School and a JD from Yale. He has a distinguished record in the private sector and as an instructor at Columbia Business School. As the Treasury Department con-tinues its work implementing the new Tax Code, developing foreign sanctions, and in a variety of other important areas, it is more important than ever that the Deputy Secretary position be filled; therefore, I would urge each of my colleagues to join me in voting to fill that vacancy with this well-quali-fied nominee as we advance his nomi-nation later today. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I have spoken on the Senate floor on a number of occasions recently about the migrant crisis on our southern border and tried to shed a little more context and light on what is happening there and why this is so important not only to the United States but to our neigh-bors to the south, as well as Central America. I know there is this idea out there that all we need to do is build more in-frastructure along the border, and somehow this problem will be resolved. I am here to say that is not the case. The border infrastructure that some people such as the President call a wall, others call a fence, is certainly a critical piece of the puzzle, but it is much more complex than that, and it affects not only public safety in the United States, it affects our economy and jobs in the United States. While the focus happens to be on what is happening in Tijuana or an-other flash point across the border, what I would encourage us all to do is not just take a narrow focus but pull back to, let’s say, a 30,000-foot perspec-tive and try to understand all this in context. We know, unfortunately, sometimes in the political arguments that are given, the facts get missed or misconstrued, and sometimes political expediency is inconsistent with our need to do the hard work necessary to find a right solution. This, of course, is part of the general debate we have about what should be our immigration policies in the United States. I, personally, believe legal immigra-tion has been to the benefit of our country. Virtually all of us came from somewhere else at some point in our family history, but the important point is, legal immigration is very dif-ferent from uncontrolled illegal immi-gration, which is what we are seeing still flooding across our southern bor-ders, when the public is paying atten-tion and when things like the migrant crisis in Tijuana has occurred. The fact is, this is a daily occurrence. It is not just large caravans of migrants from Central America. We have minicaravans showing up on a daily basis, and these problems certainly aren’t going away. I have the honor of representing about 28 million Texans, 40 percent of whom are Hispanic, but I also rep-resent a large number of Indian Ameri-cans, Vietnamese Americans, Chinese Americans, and Korean Americans. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.000 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7374 December 10, 2018 
other words, we are a very diverse State. I know many people are not aware of that, but it is absolutely true. When I tell people the third most com-monly spoken language in Texas is Vi-etnamese, it usually surprises people. Of course, like every Member of the Senate, I consult with my constituents on a regular basis to try to learn from them what they think we ought to be advocating for on their behalf. The bor-der communities I represent have expe-rienced very real consequences—nega-tive consequences—from the migrant crisis, and they have also seen the hu-manitarian consequences of people making this treacherous journey across Mexico, up from Central Amer-ica, traveling up to the United States. Of course, it should be no surprise, in some cases, that journey is simply too strenuous and proves to be too much, and a number of these migrants actu-ally lose their lives. They die trying to make their way to the United States. In Brooks County, which includes Falfurrias, which is a border check-point about 50 or so miles north of the Rio Grande River, these communities don’t have the resources to recover all the remains from those migrants who die in their counties, causing the costs to be placed on local government and, in turn, local taxpayers. For example, the burden falls on them to come up with forensic experts and medical ex-aminers who are already overburdened and understaffed. This is a real prob-lem for many of our border commu-nities, and this is why I joined with Senator C
RUZ and Congressman H URD and Congressman G
ONZALEZ to pass a bill to help local jurisdictions improve the recording and reporting of missing persons and unidentified remains found along the U.S.-Mexican border. My hope is, this bill will help our local communities identify those who have gone missing, process those un-identified remains, and invest in foren-sic expertise to provide closure to the families in the United States and abroad who have lost loved ones. Texas, I understand, is unique in many respects, given our long common border with Mexico, but both of our na-tions benefit from the commerce and trade that comes across that 1,200-mile border. As a matter of fact, Mexico is one of our closest trading partners. That shouldn’t surprise any of us. That also means, our border communities are on the frontlines with some of the challenges that go with an unsecured border, like drug trafficking and gang violence. Recently, I talked about the many complex facets of the migrant crisis as well as the way we can combat violence and exploitation by the gangs, cartels, and transnational criminal organiza-tions. I have talked about the fact that the very same organizations that charge migrants $8,000, for example, to transport them from Central America, across Mexico, and into the United States are the very same organizations that transport the heroin that is grown in Mexico, processed there, and brought into the United States—the poison that unfortunately has killed far too many Americans who died from overdoses. These criminal organizations are commodity-agnostic. They really don’t care about the human beings. The only thing they care about is the money. So they will transport the migrants, traf-fic in children and women for sex—sex slaves in the United States—and they also traffic in illegal drugs that kill thousands upon thousands of Ameri-cans every year. I mention the fact that we need to focus on strengthening our partner-ships in Mexico and Central America in order to address this crisis, but I want to focus on one aspect of this relation-ship in my remaining time and talk about why trade remains such an im-portant piece of the puzzle. The lack of sufficient resources at the border, in-cluding outdated ports of entry, includ-ing lack of personnel, technology, and equipment, have been a contributing factor to the crisis. In fact, look at how most of the high-value drugs get into the United States. It is through the ports of entry, and we need to upgrade those ports of entry and make sure they are staffed not only to monitor this trade as it comes across the border but also to identify the heroin and other illegal drugs coming into the United States so we can stop them. The only way we are going to be able to do that is by investing in our ports of entry, the antiquated infrastructure and inadequately staffed ports of entry. Then, again, I have heard people say that what we ought to do is just cut off our border—close it all down. Can you imagine what that would do to the le-gitimate trade and commerce that comes across our border to support millions of American jobs? About 5 million American jobs de-pend on trade with Mexico. About 8 million American jobs depend on trade with Canada. This idea that we can somehow close down the border is unre-alistic. Even if it were attempted, it would be economically harmful to many millions of people in the United States. My State has the second largest State economy in the United States, with Mexico being our top import and export partner. So closing off the bor-der would have a significant negative impact, as I said, not only for Texas but nationwide. We have about 29 air, land, and sea ports of entry into Texas, more than any other State in the Na-tion. That includes the busiest inland port along the entire U.S.-Mexico bor-der in terms of total volume. The border communities in Texas know that when our ports are tied up with migrants and migrant families or illegal drugs and contraband, legiti-mate trade can slowly grind to a halt. Any disruption of legitimate inter-national commerce has a swift impact on the pocketbooks and livelihoods of all of our border residents and, indeed, of many people beyond those people living on the border. Congress has taken some steps to protect and increase the volume of trade across our ports of entry. That includes my Cross-Border Trade En-hancement Act, which is now law, to permanently authorize a public-private pilot program that will ultimately lead to staff efficiencies and allow for infra-structure improvements to our ports of entry. More than 10 Texas land ports—in-cluding the Paso del Norte Bridge in El Paso and the World Trade Bridge in La-redo—have taken advantage of the op-portunities this program provides. Many Texas air and sea ports have begun to utilize this valuable program as well. In addition, last week I joined the junior Senator from Michigan to intro-duce a bipartisan bill that would re-quire the Department of Homeland Se-curity to conduct a threat and oper-ational analysis at all of our U.S. ports of entry, because the same ports that let in legitimate trade and commerce can also be points of exploitation and access for people who wish to do us harm. This analysis will then become the basis of an implementation plan to en-sure our ports can improve wait times for legitimate trade and prevent illegal contraband from crossing our borders. As I said, we have long thrived on international trade and travel through our many ports, but we need to take a hard look at the vulnerabilities and in-efficiencies in the system. It is important that we find targeted solutions to enhance legitimate trade and travel while ensuring that bad ac-tors have fewer opportunities to thwart our protections. It is a message that says ‘‘first, do no harm’’—a Hippo-cratic oath of sorts. That is the same advice I gave Ambassador Lighthizer as he negotiated a modernized trade deal with Mexico and Canada, which I was glad to see was signed by those three countries in Argentina at the G20 at the end of last month. I look forward to reviewing the agreement with my colleagues in the Senate to ensure it is a good deal, and I stand ready to work with the admin-istration and my colleagues on imple-menting this important legislation. But the new USMCA agreement is not just for the Texas economy. A mod-ernized pact will help to provide long- term stability for the Mexican econ-omy and strengthen our two countries’ trade relationship. This is an impor-tant point when discussing the ways that Mexico and the United States can work together. This is a partnership that I hope to see continued, especially under Mexico’s new President. I was fortunate to attend President Lopez Obrador’s inauguration a little over a week ago, along with Vice Presi-dent P
ENCE , Secretary Nielsen, Sec-retary Perry, and other members of the administration, including Ivanka Trump, representing her father. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.002 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7375 December 10, 2018 
To me, the future of the U.S.-Mexico relationship is important. It is one that we all ought to care about. I think the opportunities are there for us to engage in strategic partnerships with Mexico in a number of ways—for exam-ple, dealing with the asylum problem that Secretary Nielsen has already begun to negotiate. Through our partnership, we can work together to solve this migrant crisis by improving the economy and the opportunities that people have to live and work in their home country, as well as to protect trade, which sup-ports so many jobs here in the United States. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the following nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, the Senate will soon cast the first proce-dural vote on the nomination of Justin Muzinich to serve as the Deputy Sec-retary of the Treasury. I am going to oppose this nomination, and I would like to lay out exactly why, beginning with a basic rule that I intend to main-tain going forward. If a Treasury nominee says the Trump tax handouts will pay for them-selves, I intend to oppose them. The reason why is that by sticking with this debunked claim, you are basically laying out the economic policy version of being a flat-earther. You are either peddling an idea you know is untrue, or you can’t do math. Either way, you shouldn’t have a pivotal, powerful job at the Treasury Department. When Mr. Muzinich came before the Finance Committee for his nomination hearing, it was a titanic battle just to try to get him to offer any kind of sub-stantive answer on pretty much any-thing. One question he finally answered straight up was whether he agreed that the Trump tax handouts would ‘‘pay for themselves and reduce our defi-cits.’’ There he gave a one-word re-sponse, which was ‘‘yes.’’ Some call this trickle-down econom-ics. Others call it voodoo economics. I call it, plain and simple, rainbow and unicorn math. No matter what you call it, it just isn’t connected to reality. The Trump tax handout will not pay for itself, and even after independent, nonpartisan economic analyses dem-onstrated that was the case and even after months of data were released showing that the Trump tax law has failed to live up to the administration’s fantasy land promises, Mr. Muzinich continues to cling to this false claim. I will give him credit. He has what my relatives call—what Jewish people call—chutzpah, but that sure isn’t going to win him my support. In my judgment, it also raises a fun-damental question of honesty. Before his nomination hearing, newspaper re-ports ran glowing quotes about him from several key officials at the Treas-ury Department. They praised Mr. Muzinich’s financial expertise, and they talked about the expansive role he would play in a whole host of areas at the Treasury Department—not just tax policy but debt management. Repub-lican committee members talked all about the work he had put into the de-velopment of the Trump tax law. I was pretty interested in Mr. Muzinich’s substantive views on these big questions because I had read these glowing tributes from his colleagues, and I thought, well, if we are going to have someone promoted to this impor-tant position, we really ought to get a sense of what he believes on the really important, substantive economic issues. So I began to ask the nominee about these questions, and he, as I indi-cated, just put any response sort of in the ‘‘well, I couldn’t possibly get into that’’ category. I wanted to know why because, even-tually, we got around to his saying that he really wasn’t going to get into these issues because he said if he was confirmed, he would just be, in his words, a ‘‘building manager.’’ A building manager is somebody who doesn’t get praised by his colleagues as being an expert on debt management and tax policy. Building managers have important responsibilities. They are in-volved in things like acoustics and ven-tilation. They have responsibilities. That is what building managers do. They certainly don’t have duties like those described by Mr. Muzinich’s col-leagues. I had some real difficulty reconciling the way his own colleagues described him in these important publications and what he told me about his respon-sibilities as the building manager. I think he really is not reflecting what his job is all about, and the fact that he would misrepresent that to me in our discussions prior to his nomina-tion—he misrepresented to the ranking Democrat on the Senate Finance Com-mittee in charge of the nomination—is, in my view, very troubling. I also have had very serious ques-tions about the way Mr. Muzinich re-sponded to my questions about the Trump administration’s new policy— really, just a couple of months old— that would open the floodgates to more foreign dark money in American elec-tions. We all know from this last elec-tion about what dark money means. We had our airwaves and TV sets, from sea to shining sea, dominated by television commercials that had a tag line on it—something akin to ‘‘Ameri-cans for high school football’’ or ‘‘Americans who believe in our flag,’’ or various other things that none of us would possibly disagree with but that would in no way reflect who actually paid for that commercial that found its way to our TV sets. There were increased floods of dark money commercials through the past November election, and right before that, the Trump administration adopt-ed a rule that would make it even easi-er for foreign dark money to make its way into our elections. We will be talking about that rule later this week. There is going to be an effort with Senator TESTER and me to overturn that flawed policy, but the fact is that this is something that an individual who was nominated for the important position Mr. Muzinich seeks would have some views about and par-ticularly because the rule change—the rule change made by the Trump admin-istration to allow more dark money in American elections—was announced just hours after the American people learned about the illicit activities that an accused Russian spy Maria Butina had used to infiltrate conservative groups and undermine our democracy. So if that were a coincidence, that the Trump administration announced this new rule to make it easier for for-eign dark money to make its way into our elections—announced just a few hours after the American people learned about Maria Butina—I have to tell you that it is a coincidence for the ages. The Trump administration and other officials, of course, say that Maria Butina was just an innocent college student attending American Univer-sity. I don’t know of many college stu-dents who go to South Dakota with an NRA political operative to set up a shell company. That is not common be-havior for an American college stu-dent. Yet, given the fact that the Trump administration had made it easier to get foreign dark money into our elections—and a common vehicle for doing that would be one’s using a shell company—it certainly, again, raises very troubling signs that a nominee for this key position will take no position whatsoever on something so important as that of protecting our elections. The fact is, with this new policy, the President is essentially blinding law enforcement and telling foreigners and dark money groups that it is open sea-son for election cash to flow. I asked Mr. Muzinich about this. I asked: What do you think about this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.003 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7376 December 10, 2018 
problem in terms of preventing foreign influence and enforcing election law? I couldn’t get a straight answer. Finally, he told me: ‘‘The intent was to further efficient tax administration.’’ I can tell you something. I don’t think Maria Butina was interested in anything that had to do with efficient tax administration. I don’t think she was interested in anything close to that when she went to South Dakota with an NRA operative to set up a shell company. Maybe this was just Mr. Muzinich’s way of dodging the ques-tion. If not, then he is basically sug-gesting that it is just fine with him for special interests and foreign actors to buy American elections because they may be able to sell the American peo-ple on the proposition that makes tax reporting easier. I have said before that I don’t agree with every Treasury nominee on every issue from the Trump administration. I realize that. Then there have been indi-viduals on key economic questions whose nominations I have supported. I thought Jerome Powell, who was Don-ald Trump’s nominee, was a very wise choice to head the Federal Reserve. I have supported the President on impor-tant economic positions, and I voted for plenty of Republican nominees to the Treasury Department before. Yet I do expect nominees to be straight with me and with the committee. After all of the bobbing and weaving on issue after issue, this is a nominee who doesn’t come close to passing that bar. In my view, he has not met the com-monsense, basic test of giving some sense of where he stands on the impor-tant issues. I see my good friend and seatmate on the Finance Committee who is here, and we talk often about these issues. I will just say to my colleagues that the proposition that Mr. Muzinich is going to be the building manager for the Department of the Treasury is just a little bit much to swallow when you look at what his colleagues said he had talked about in the past with respect to tax management and tax reform and other important questions. Finally, in Mr. Muzinich’s claiming that the Trump tax handouts will pay for themselves, he has failed on that issue by $1.5 trillion. I am not going to support a nominee for this position who is going to bring unicorn and rain-bow fantasies to tax policy and to these key questions that are so impor-tant to the American people. I urge my colleagues to oppose the nomination of Mr. Muzinich. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
AMERICA ’S SPACE PROGRAM  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I rise to speak on a subject that our col-leagues know is very dear to my heart—America’s space program. Al-though this is the last of many, many floor speeches I have made on the sub-ject, I stand before the Senate with a heart that is full of gratitude, joy, and hope for the future of our space pro-gram. I have been extremely privileged to have witnessed and in some cases to have participated in the extraordinary triumphs of our Nation’s 60-year quest to explore the heavens. I flew to orbit and marveled at the beauty, fragility, and seemingly peacefulness of Mother Earth, our planet. I had the honor of making that trip with one of the finest crews to have ever flown in America’s space program. There was CAPT Robert ‘‘Hoot’’ Gib-son, our commander, as well as Maj. Gen. Charlie Bolden, Retired, our pilot, who flew five missions—four as com-mander. Of course, General Bolden ulti-mately became the Administrator of NASA for the entire time of the Obama administration. There was Dr. George Nelson, otherwise known to all in the astronaut office as Pinky. There was Dr. Steve Hawley, Dr. Franklin Chang- Diaz—the first Hispanic-American as-tronaut—and Bob Cenker, who was an engineer at the time with RCA, which was the satellite that we launched while in orbit. It was a profound and humbling expe-rience that reinforced my belief that we needed to not only be good stewards of our planet but that we should always try to treat others with whom we may differ culturally, ethnically, or socially with dignity, compassion, and respect. In looking back at Earth from the window of a spacecraft, you don’t see political divisions, racial divisions, re-ligious differences. You don’t see the suffering or the injustice that face those back home on the planet. In-stead, you quickly realize that we on this planet, our planet Earth, are all in this together. I have been filled with wonder over some of the greatest scientific discov-eries of our age—the discovery of the signs of water; the discovery of, per-haps, even life on Mars; the discovery that our galaxy is full of countless planets—many of them, very possibly, inhabitable; and the discovery that our universe is being driven apart by mys-terious forces known as dark energy and is filled with a mysterious mate-rial known as dark matter. Along with my fellow Americans, I grieved when, tragically, we lost two space shuttles and the brave astro-nauts aboard. I have grieved as we have lost astronauts along the way, even in the Apollo 1 fire. I grieved with Amer-ica as we thought Apollo 13 was lost and how, miraculously, in one of NASA’s greatest success stories—with three humans on the way to the Moon when the explosion occurred and not having any idea how we could get them back— the whole NASA team came together. The engineers, the mathematicians, the astronauts on the ground, the con-trollers, and the contractors all devised a way to bring back Jim Lovell’s crew. As everyone in NASA’s family is keenly aware, navigating the heavens is as dangerous now, if not more so, than the crossing of the oceans was 100, 200, 300 years ago. Leaving the relative safety and comfort of home to explore new frontiers is every bit as important now as it was then. We must proceed with caution lest we foolishly put the lives of the explorers at risk, but we must also proceed with courage lest we risk remaining stuck on the ground. I have also had the honor of collabo-rating with heroes like John Glenn, Tom Stafford, and Neil Armstrong on the future of our space program. I have been very proud to have played a little part in the establishment of our thriv-ing commercial space industry with the drafting and passage of the Com-mercial Space Launch Acts of 1984 and 1988, back when I was a young Con-gressman, and to have witnessed the rise of and contributions of present-day space entrepreneurs like Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos. At the same time, I appreciate the steady hand and transformative con-tribution of the NASA leaders, like Charlie Bolden, Bill Gerstenmaier, and Bob Cabana. I can’t help but remember the guiding hand of George Abbey— that was so strong—at the Johnson Space Center, and I have celebrated the long overdue emergence of female su-perstars, like Marillyn Hewson and Gwynne Shotwell, amongst the space industry leadership. It has been a pleasure working in Congress with a number of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to ad-vance the space ambitions of our coun-try because, as I have said many times before, space is, and should always re-main, a nonpartisan issue. NASA is a nonpartisan Agency. I am also encouraged by NASA Ad-ministrator Bridenstine’s leadership in his early tenure at the helm of this Agency, and I wish him much success. I applaud him for continuing to make good on his promises to keep NASA out of partisan politics and to heed the ad-vice of the Agency’s talented and expe-rienced space professionals and sci-entists. NASA is a unique Agency, the head of which is like the Department of De-fense. The Secretary of Defense is not looked upon as partisan; neither is the Administrator of NASA. I could not be more gracious and humbled to be here today and to tell you, as we celebrate NASA’s 60th birth-day this year, our space program has a spectacular and an exciting future. It is a future full of opportunity, and it is a future that will require everyone—in-dustry, Congress, and the Agency, as well as our international partners— pulling in the same direction to make it a reality. If you go back a few years to 2010, Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison and I recognized back then that we had set NASA’s human space flight program on its current dual path, to build private sector capabilities in low-Earth orbit and a government-led program for deep space and, ultimately, Mars. We recog-nized some of the misdirection and lack of direction the space program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.005 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7377 December 10, 2018 
had; it needed direction. Once Kay Bai-ley Hutchison and I passed the NASA authorization in 2010, that dual-path approach started to bear fruit, includ-ing our recapturing of a majority of the global commercial launch mar-ket—a market we had almost com-pletely lost to overseas competitors. We are also constructing the building blocks of the systems that will take us to Mars. In the last administration, President Obama said: We are going to Mars. Within a year, we should have two different U.S. vehicles safely trans-porting our astronauts to and from the International Space Station, which will allow us to increase the number of crew aboard the station and dramati-cally bolster our research there. It is research that will ultimately help us on our journey to Mars with humans. I remain confident that we will con-tinue to operate the ISS well past the middle of the next decade. As a matter of fact, Senator C
RUZ and I are still trying, in this Congress, to get the date for the International Space Station ex-tended to the end of the decade. It would be foolish to dispose of the or-bital laboratory—designated a national laboratory, which is our toehold on the space frontier—just as it is reaching the most productive period, and that is what it is doing in its research on orbit. There is still a lot more work to be done. We must focus our technology in-vestments to ensure that the journey to Mars is safe, productive, and afford-able. We need new propulsion systems to get us to Mars faster. Those are in the stages of research right now. As we begin conducting human missions far-ther and farther from Earth, we must ensure that each activity gets us closer to achieving the goal—which President Obama laid out for the decade of the 2030s—of ‘‘boots on Mars.’’ We also need to prepare workers for the high-tech, good-paying jobs of the 21st century. It has been one of my sin-gular achievements to have worked with other leaders in government and in industry to help bring about the dra-matic modernization of the historic launch infrastructure at Cape Canav-eral and the Kennedy Space Center. All of these exciting developments would not have been possible without the talent, dedication, and commit-ment of the thousands of workers who poured their hearts and souls into the space shuttle and the space station. That same dedication and pride of ac-complishment continue today with the building of new spacecrafts like Drag-on, Starliner, and Orion. A few short years ago, business at the cape was much different than it is today. Commercial launch companies were looking elsewhere to take their business, despite all of the available in-frastructure and the amazing work-force on the Space Coast. Too much bu-reaucracy stood in the way of progress. To address the problem, I convened the top leaders from the Air Force, NASA, and the FAA in Chairman Rockefeller’s office. I brought an aerial photo of all of the abandoned launch pads at the cape and got their commit-ment to work together with the private sector to bring these pads back to life. It is just amazing from that photo-graph to see all of those launch pads— all of which the older generation will remember gave so much inspiration to America in its early space days—aban-doned. They are now roaring back to life with launches and landings on those very same pads. I would be remiss if I didn’t acknowl-edge, as I already have, Senator CRUZ and his leadership, along with many of my colleagues here, for joining me in the fight to pass legislation to force the Agencies to reduce the overlap and duplication in regulations. I am grate-ful to have worked with so many to pave the way for the exciting future that lies ahead for commercial space endeavors. I thank the Appropriations Com-mittee, and I thank the leadership of the Appropriations Committee, includ-ing the Senator here on the floor, the Senator from Vermont. The proof is in the pudding how, over the years, they have provided the appropriations as we have brought NASA back to life on this dual track of commercial launches, going to and from low-Earth orbit, as well as exploring the heavens, which is NASA’s mission. I can also say that proof is in the pudding of the space launches coming back to life because Cape Canaveral hosted two-thirds of the nearly 30 American launches last year. The day is fast approaching when we will see multiple launches on the same day, as well as the largest, most powerful rocket ever assembled lifting off from the launch pad, beginning our journey to Mars. Quite simply, jobs and ingenuity are soaring because rockets are soaring. As go Florida’s Space Coast and the Hous-ton area, so goes the U.S. space indus-try as a whole. As we continue to move forward, it is also imperative that we continue our world-leading science and aeronautics activities. NASA pursues some of the most challenging and enduring ques-tions facing humanity: How does life come to exist? Are we alone? What is to become of us and our planet? Engag-ing and empowering the U.S. science community should remain a top pri-ority, enabling us to find new discov-eries and to inspire and motivate fu-ture generations of scientists and engi-neers. History has shown us that the na-tions that cease to explore begin to de-cline and collapse. It is our very na-ture, as Americans, to explore. Would humanity still exist if humans had not spread from Africa, to Asia, to Europe, to the Americas, and eventually to the remote reaches of the Arctic and the isolated islands of Polynesia? Would we, as a nation, have fulfilled our des-tiny if we did not push our frontier for-ward? I think not. Will humanity still exist far in the future if we choose to stop exploring now? The cosmos offers us limitless oppor-tunities to expand—not just to survive but to thrive. Imagine the first baby boy or girl born away from planet Earth. Imagine the first artist to paint a sunset on Mars. Imagine our solar system inhabited by 100 billion dream-ers, innovators, and creators. Imagine a future where those people—perhaps the grandchildren or great-grand-children of those in primary school today—look back on our era as the time when humanity began to journey outward. I believe that as we discover and ex-perience the wonders of the cosmos, we will achieve the greatest outcome of all. We will find that our home planet Earth and all of the life and love that inhabits it have become even more beautiful and all the more precious to us. With that I say, resoundingly, on-ward and upward. As the command given from the ground after the space shuttle has passed through maximum dynamic pressure, as the main engines have throttled back and the shuttle has ascended into the atmosphere and the mission can press forward to orbit, the command is given: Go at throttle up. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, of course, the senior Senator from Florida can speak from experience because he has been there—something no other Sen-ator currently serving has ever done. I believe they are bringing a chair over. If not, I will go get it. On Friday, December 21—coming up fairly soon, just 11 days from today— the continuing resolution, what we call a CR, under which much of the govern-ment currently operates, is going to expire. Now, if we don’t pass the re-maining seven appropriations bills— bills that I believe the Senate is pre-pared to pass—the government will shutter the doors of nine Federal De-partments and dozens of Agencies, and services the American people rely on will grind to a halt, coincidentally, just 3 days before Christmas. There is absolutely no reason for the government to shut down. The Senate and House Appropriations Committees have been negotiating for weeks. I commend those Senators on both sides of the aisle. They have worked with us and certainly our staffs in conducting these negotiations. We have a seven-bill minibus that would fully fund the Federal Govern-ment through the remainder of the fis-cal year. We are very close to a deal. Six of the seven bills are nearly com-plete. Most of the funding issues are re-solved. Only a few policy issues remain. A few hours of debate, and they would be all done. Because we are the United States of America and we have to care about all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.007 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7378 December 10, 2018 
parts of the country, we are working on a disaster package for the victims of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, the California wildfires, the Hawaii vol-cano, the earthquake in Alaska, and other disasters from this year that have devastated the homes, commu-nities, and lives of so many of our fel-low Americans. These bills could be finished in short order, they could be put before the Congress for a vote—I suspect they would pass virtually unanimously—and then sent to the President for his signature into law. So Republicans and Democrats have worked together. The appropriators have worked together. There is only one thing standing between fully fund-ing our government and a shutdown; that is, President Trump. For months now, he has repeatedly called for a gov-ernment shutdown unless we provide $5 billion for his boondoggle border wall. Last month alone, President Trump publicly threatened to shut down the government over his wall at least five times, saying things in his Presidential statements, as we are pointing out here, such as: ‘‘This would be a very good time to do a shutdown,’’ as though any American believes it is a good time, with disaster funding and everything else pending, for a shut-down. Those reckless and damaging threats are not new for President Trump. He set a destructive and uncompromising tone for our negotiations earlier in the year saying: ‘‘I would shut it down over this issue.’’ Then, something I never thought I would hear from the Presi-dent of the United States of either party, he said: ‘‘I’d love to see a shut-down,’’ during a February press con-ference. This from a man who is sup-posed to have an obligation to all Americans. Time and again, though, instead of showing his obligation to Americans, President Trump has used the govern-ment and the American people as a bargaining chip for his fabricated solu-tion to his manufactured crisis. Now, just days before the CR is set to expire, the President appears ready to make good on his threat. He wants to score a made-for-reality-TV moment, and he doesn’t care how many thousands of hard-working American men and women are going to suffer for it. We have been negotiating the Depart-ment of Homeland Security appropria-tions bill for weeks, but as we get clos-er to the December 21 deadline, the President is digging in. His position is: Fund the wall—his wall—or he will shut down the government. The President likes to stir up drama, but a government shutdown is not the backdrop for one of his reality TV shows. A government shutdown is a dreadful thing to do to so many loyal Americans. This is the real world. It has real-world consequences. I will give some examples. If the gov-ernment shuts down on December 22, an estimated 380,000 Federal employees will be furloughed without pay just days before Christmas, never knowing if they will be paid. Nearly 430,000 Fed-eral employees, including FBI agents, U.S. marshals, the Coast Guard, Border Patrol, and TSA employees will be forced to work without pay. The Secret Service, which will protect the Presi-dent if he goes to one of his golf courses over the holidays, will be work-ing without pay, but this is even worse: Millions of Americans—farmers, small businesses, homeowners, veterans, the disabled, and the elderly—will go with-out the government services on which they rely and for which they paid their taxes. There is no reason for this. In fact, it is unconscionable to put the country through this. I oppose the President’s plan for a 30- foot-high wall along the southern bor-der, especially—aside from the fact that it will do no good, this is a wall the President gave his solemn promise to the American people that Mexico, not American taxpayers, would pay for. He gave his word over and over and over again at rallies throughout the country, saying Mexico will pay for it. I haven’t seen one cent coming from Mexico, but the President is going to punish the American taxpayers if they don’t pay the money he promised Mex-ico would pay. The United States is a country founded by immigrants. Walling our-selves off from our neighbors to the south is not only an expensive waste of American taxpayer dollars, it is im-moral, it is ineffective, and it is an af-front to everything this country stands for. We are better than this. In fact, if we do what the President wants to do, we would have to seize land from ranchers and farmers in Texas and other border States—seize land from them that has been in their families for generations. It would re-quire building walls through wildlife refuges and natural preserves. Inciden-tally, we would end up cutting our-selves off from the Rio Grande in the process because we can’t build a wall down the center of it. Basically, we are saying to Mexico: By the way, we are going to pay for the wall President Trump promised us you would pay for, and to help you out, we are going to give you the Rio Grande. You can have our half too. This is a cockamamie idea. After all that and billions of wasted taxpayer dollars, what would be accom-plished? Would it stop people from flee-ing violence in their home countries and seeking sanctuary? Of course not. Would it stop drug smugglers and human traffickers from engaging in il-legal activity? Definitely not. In fact, as one of my Republican friends said, show me a 30-foot wall, and I will show you a 31-foot ladder or a tunnel. These are complex issues. We need real solutions, not bumper sticker slo-gans or angry tweets. We had such a solution in 2013. The Senate passed bipartisan, comprehen-sive immigration reform. In a 2-to-1 vote, Republicans and Democrats joined in on comprehensive immigra-tion reform. The Republican leadership in the House would not bring it up be-cause they were afraid it might violate the sacred Dennis Hastert rule, as they said to us. Everyone agrees we need to keep our border safe and secure. That is not a Republican or a Democratic idea. We all believe our borders should be safe and secure. President Trump is not the first person to say that. We have all said that. In fact, over the last 2 years, we in Congress have invested more than $3 billion for that purpose. It is the largest infusion of border security funding in recent history. I am on the Appropriations Com-mittee that gave that money. We have directed U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection to acquire new technologies that are proven to work on the border and at our ports of entry, purchase new air and marine assets, and hire addi-tional personnel. This approach has re-sulted in the acquisition of integrated fixed towers on the border, remote video surveillance systems, enforce-ment helicopters and other aircraft, and upgrades to existing unmanned aerial systems. I have visited the bor-der and seen some of those. For the ports of entry, where the large major-ity of illicit narcotics and other con-traband enter, we have significantly in-creased funding for nonintrusive in-spection equipment, and we have hired over 360 new Customs officers. These are successes. These are things that work. These are things that do better than we have ever done before, but does the President tweet about this? No. He is fixated on building his wall not because it is good policy, but he hopes it will fire up his base. This is not about border security, it is about politics, pure and simple. Over the last 2 years, Congress has provided nearly $1.7 billion to build or replace fencing on the southern border, but the administration has hardly spent any of that money, and the projects it has undertaken have ballooned in cost. In fact, of the money we gave them, they have only spent 6 percent of the funds—6 percent. This is such an amazing need to only spend 6 percent. We have recently learned that one project in the Rio Grande Valley that was supposed to cost, according to the administration, $445 million, will now cost the taxpayers nearly $787 million, a 77-percent cost overrun, at a pricetag of $31.5 million each mile. This is not for roads. This is for barriers. The President doesn’t talk about that, nor does he talk about the fact that the American taxpayers will have to pay it, not Mexico. The administration is not responsible with the money we have already pro-vided. Why trust him to spend respon-sibly the additional money they de-mand? The President wants the hard- working American taxpayers, not Mex-ico—even though he promised Amer-ican taxpayers, gave his word, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.010 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7379 December 10, 2018 
American taxpayers wouldn’t have to pay for this, that Mexico would. Now he says: Forget what I said before. Give me a check for $5 billion more or I am going to waste hundreds of millions of dollars by shutting down the govern-ment. That is a cynical, political stunt. The President’s own budget request to Congress for fiscal year 2019 was $1.6 billion for his wall, not $5 billion. I op-posed this request when he made it in the spring, and I still do. I don’t want to appropriate another dime to advance a nebulous and ineffective agenda that I fundamentally oppose, knowing the President will not keep his word and have Mexico pay for it. Our system of divided government requires com-promise, so we came up with a bipar-tisan compromise to meet the Presi-dent’s $1.6 billion request, with restric-tions on where the money could be used and what type of barriers could be built, such as bollard fencing but not a 30-foot concrete wall. Instead of taking ‘‘yes’’ and declaring victory, the Presi-dent repeatedly moved the goalpost and redefined the fine print. So much for the ‘‘Art of the Deal,’’ more the ‘‘Art of the Steal.’’ By manufacturing a crisis over his wall, President Trump appears willing to shutter the doors of the Justice De-partment, Farm Service Agency, the Food and Drug Administration, the Small Business Administration, the National Park Service, the Department of Transportation, among others—that is just a few—grinding vital services for the American people to a halt, serv-ices the American people have paid for with their taxes, all to protect his ego and satisfy his base. Actions have real-world consequences for hundreds of thousands of Federal employees and their families and mil-lions of Americans who pay taxes and depend on their government to func-tion properly. Taxpayers don’t send their hard- earned money to Washington so the President can shut down their govern-ment. Our job is to be good stewards of taxpayer money, not bend to the whim of the President’s tweets. Congress controls the power of the purse, not the President. It is our job to make respon-sible, thoughtful decisions. There is a bipartisan path forward. We can pass a seven-bill minibus com-prised of bipartisan bills that meet the needs of the country or we can pass a six-bill minibus with a continuing reso-lution for Homeland Security. Republicans do control the House, the Senate, and the Presidency, and they are in the driver’s seat. The only reason the government shuts down on December 22, 3 days before Christmas, is if the President wants it to and the Republican leadership lets the Presi-dent close the government. Let’s hope that doesn’t happen. I yield the floor. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order and pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treas-ury. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Jerry Moran, Lisa Murkowski, John Bar-rasso, David Perdue, Ron Johnson, Shelley Moore Capito, John Cornyn, Marco Rubio, Tom Cotton, Steve Daines, Michael B. Enzi, Cindy Hyde- Smith, Lamar Alexander, John Ken-nedy, Deb Fischer. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCAS-
KILL) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 55, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 256 Ex.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Barrasso Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy King Kyl Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
McCaskill Tillis 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote the yeas are 55, the nays are 43. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from New York. UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 299 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act, and the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration; that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object and to take a couple minutes to give the Members the facts they need to make a decision tonight, I want to say a couple things. I am chairman of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee. There are many Mem-bers in this Chamber who know their responsibility to that committee is greater than any other. I come down tonight to speak on an issue that has been bothering me and has been fes-tering for years, but nobody has ever done anything about it. Nobody has ever done the hard work of saying this is what we need to do, and this is why we need to do it this way. Well, the House has finally done it this year, and we have done it. Granted, this is a UC motion and not a debate on the floor. It is because we finally addressed all the issues every-body said about the blue water bill that they didn’t like, except that some people would like to say it differently. Some people want another study even though we have studied it enough to do it. Some people want to wait until the VA says they need to do this, that, or the other. Some people say the VA could call and will tell you the other. Somebody said we don’t even have the right numbers of how many people this might affect. Nobody has the right number about how many peo-ple will get sick in the future from a disease we don’t know exists until the time they contract it. What happened in this case is very simple. The Veterans’ Administration, years ago, decided if someone con-tracted one of the cancers of which a contributing factor was napalm and Agent Orange, they qualified for bene-fits, except if they served on the blue water, which is not the rivers, and didn’t serve on the ground, then they didn’t. So in other words, we have ground troops who fought in Vietnam. We have river fighters in Vietnam who get the benefit. If you served on a Navy ship carrying napalm, but you never touched the ground and only stayed on the blue water, you are not eligible. So we have two classes of victims who are veterans of the United States of Amer-ica who fought and risked their lives who have been trying for years to get an equal treatment with their other brothers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.011 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7380 December 10, 2018 
This was done for many. I am not going to go over the things I have heard because some of them are out-rageous. Nonetheless, everybody looked for a way to try and get some of the benefit back once the VA had it taken over. What the Congress is about to do— and the House has now passed a bill unanimously this year that will benefit this motion. The Senate has had two hearings, and we have done a lot of work on it. I have done a lot of work on it because I knew how big the issue was. I talked to the people in the VA. I realize everybody in here can go find somebody who says they don’t like it. There are people at the VA who don’t like it, but let me tell you what I don’t like: I don’t like having two classes of beneficiaries for disease and health. I don’t like not shooting straight with the same people who ought to qualify for the same thing. I really don’t like putting off the decision 1 more year until we get one more study. This thing has been studied as long as it needs to be studied. We have the best information we possibly can get. I tried my best to give some of the Members the exact information they asked me for, but the CVA will not give it to me because they don’t have it because it is predictive in the future, not present ex-perience. So I would ask every Member, before they consider casting a ‘‘no’’ vote against this UC, to think about what you are doing. You are saying no to those who had a benefit taken away from them by the VA itself. You are putting off a decision we are going to have to make in the future. You are not allowing us to do what we really ought to do. I would ask each of you to search your heart, search your past, and think about the veterans in your State and cast a vote for doing the right thing for the right people at the right time and not object to the mo-tion made by the Senator from New York. I have no objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I appreciate my colleagues’ work on this legislation. I am pretty sure I have never opposed a bill that Senator I
SAKSON was involved in. If you are looking for thoroughness in legislation, he is the epitome of it, but on this bill, many of us have been recently made aware of the potential cost growth and budget-sharing and operational pressures that would hap-pen at the VA. They are having a lot of problems anyway, but the VA’s anal-ysis shows that the cost could be near-ly five times what Congress assumed it was when the House of Representatives passed it—and they did pass it by those strong numbers. A recent letter from the Congres-sional Budget Office estimated an in-creased cost from their first estimate of about $1.3 billion. So there is clearly more work to do just on figuring out the spending and the administration of this and the deficit impact this bill will have, while we still want to make sure the veterans who are having the problems get the solutions they need. There will be a report out in June that is going to maybe narrow down the risks. I am not that excited about any studies, but another concern I have heard from veterans is the pay-for. There will be an increase in the inter-est rate for housing for some veterans who are trying to buy a house. That isn’t enough money to cover the re-newed estimates of how much this is. I think the bill can be made more specific—which is really tough for JOHNNY because he has been working on it, and it will be specific—but we need to get some way to justify the numbers that range between 63,000 peo-ple and 440,000 people. That is a pretty big gap on whom we let in. If they have a problem, and we need to take care of it, I think we need to spend a little bit more time doing it. I know that is dif-ficult at the end of a session, but as a result I am going to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from New York. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, the House of Representatives has al-ready passed this bill unanimously, 382 to 0. The bill is fully paid for, and it is long past time that we do the right thing. We have to right this wrong and help these veterans. The only thing standing in the way of this bill to help the Vietnam vet-erans is the U.S. Senate, and that is shameful. We have just days before the Congress is finished. Our blue water veterans are waiting for us, their fami-lies are waiting for us, and some of them are dying waiting for us. These patriotic Americans went to Vietnam. They risked their lives. They were exposed to the chemical, Agent Orange, which we now know is highly toxic. Some of them were exposed on the ground, some while patrolling the rivers, and some were exposed while stationed on ships off the Vietnamese coast. These are called our blue water Navy vets. Now, all these years later, Agent Or-ange has made many of them sick and they are severely ill. There have been four different health studies by the CDC about the detrimental effects of Agent Orange exposure, and the blue water Navy veterans have been shown to suffer those exact diseases at the same rate as the other exposed vet-erans, but some of my colleagues are wrongly insisting on a fifth study. We do not have another year to wait. Some of our veterans will not last that long. Many blue water veterans have already passed away from the disease associated with Agent Orange expo-sure. The 1991 bill to provide coverage for veterans exposed to Agent Orange didn’t discriminate between those who served offshore and those who served on rivers or on the ground. Yet due to a decision by a VA bureaucrat in 2002, the coverage for those who served off-shore was wiped out. It doesn’t make any sense, and we must help all of our veterans. It would be tragic; it would be an ab-solute failure of this institution if we did not respond to this call for help from our veterans community. I urge my colleagues to reconsider their choice to block this legislation. The bill has had multiple hearings. It has gone through multiple drafts over the years. It has been subject to numerous studies. I have a letter right here to the CBO from the Military-Veterans Advocacy association, literally going through each of the arguments that Senator E
NZIjust made to explain why those aren’t true. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this letter be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows: 
MILITARY -VETERANS ADVOCACY , INC., November 30, 2018. Re CBO Revision to the cost for H.R. 299. Hon. K
EITH HALL, Director, Congressional Budget Office, Washington, DC. D
EARDIRECTOR HALL: I have reviewed the CBO letter of November 29, 2018 to Senator Enzi concerning the score for H.R. 299. By way of introduction I am a retired Navy Commander familiar with manning policies and surface ship operations during and im-mediately following the Vietnam War. I am currently the Executive Director of Mili-tary-Veterans Advocacy (MVA). MVA has been advocating for this bill since 2011. In January of 2015 we met with CBO analysts to provide relevant information. I personally worked with the House Vet-erans Affairs Committee to define the geo-graphic points for the current version of the bill. The geographic points are mirrored by the red line on the enclosed chart. The dashed line represents the boundary of the territorial sea which is 12 nautical miles sea-ward. In other words, the current language in H.R. 299 exactly mirrors the boundaries of the territorial sea. The bold line encom-passes the entire theater of operations which, as you can see, is much larger than the area covered by H.R. 299. This same chart was provided to the CBO in January of 2015 and was used as the basis for all subsequent scoring. Accordingly, paragraph 2 of the CBO letter is in error. There was no change in the nautical area. Additionally, it must be remembered that most ships operated close to shore usually within the 10 fathom curve. This was to maximize the field of fire for operations ashore. Logistics ships conducting underway replenishment would try to approach the gun line to reduce the time the gun ships were offline. Consequently any minor changes in the nautical area would have little or no ef-fect. In preparation for the CBO meeting, MVA conducted a manpower analysis of the ships that deployed. Records showed that 713 ships deployed to the Vietnam theater of oper-ations. Congressional Research Service placed the number of personnel in entire the-ater at 229,000. The same CRS publication pegged the number of Navy personnel serving in Vietnam at 174,000. American War and Military Operations Casualties: Lists and Statistics (Feb. 2010) p. 11. Liaison with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.017 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7381 December 10, 2018 
Naval Historical and Heritage Command by MVA and the offices of then Congressman Chris Gibson confirmed that the 174,000 num-ber represented just those in the territorial sea, internal rivers and on land. A analysis by MVA showed 173,500 personnel deployed on ships within the territorial sea. This in-formation was provided to CBO during the January 2015 meeting. Significant numbers of personnel deployed into the theater are not included in H.R. 299. This includes ships, mostly carriers, assigned to Yankee Station throughout the war. Yan-kee Station was located at 17 ° 30′ N, 108° 30′ E which is 30 nautical miles north of the De-militarized Zone. Multiple carrier battle groups were kept on station in this area and seldom, if ever, transited south. A cor-responding station off South Vietnam, Dixie Station, was the site of one carrier battle group designated for close air support mis-sions in South Vietnam. It was abandoned in the summer of 1966 as more warplanes be-came available for use in land based airfields in South Vietnam. Dixie Station was located at 11° N and 110° E which is also outside the scope of the bill. Admittedly, some ships from Dixie Station may have entered the territorial sea but they should have been in-cluded in 174,000 number. Navy ships at the time were not manned to full complement. The authorized strength re-flected on the Enlisted Distribution and Manning Report (EDVR) included Reserves who in time of war would be mobilized to round out the crew. Instead ships were manned in accordance with the Navy Man-ning Plan (NMP) that was roughly 80% of the personnel allowance for the ship. Addition-ally, due to the length of the war, many sen-ior people, both officer and enlisted, made multiple deployments. On the average, about 25% of the personnel deployed into the terri-torial sea made multiple deployments. This number is based on the rating structure for ships at the time and the pay grade distribu-tion as well as personal and anecdotal knowledge. As of December 2014, MVA estimated that 80,305 personnel of the 174,000 deployed were covered under existing law. This number, along with the analysis, was presented to CBO. Since that time, additional ships have been added to the ship’s list. Additionally, an accelerated death rate has claimed many lives. It should also be remembered that on the average, only one in three Vietnam era veterans seek any kind of VA benefits. VA claims that the bill will require them to hire additional people to prevent the un-acceptable backlog from expanding. This is preposterous. A significant amount of per-sonnel in the backlog are Blue Water Navy veterans. Establishing a presumption will ac-tually help the VA to reduce the backlog. We believe that the VA estimates are over-inflated and designed to mislead CBO as to the impact of the cost of the bill. Our cur-rent analysis supports the May 15, 2018 re-port and we believe that CBO, in light of the information provided herein, should revise their November 29, 2018 letter. If you or your staff have any questions, please feel free to contact me. Additionally I will be in Washington, DC, next week and available for meetings. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, J
OHNB. W ELLS, Commander USN (Retired), Executive Director. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. I hope all of us can come together to do the right thing by our veterans to make sure they get the coverage that they need and to stand by them in their greatest time of need. I yield the floor to my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as the lead Republican on this bill, I want to thank my colleague Senator GILLI-
BRAND for her leadership on this very important issue. I am a fiscal hawk. I look at every penny spent by the Federal Govern-ment. I respect Senator E
NZIand Sen-ator L
EEand their views, especially on fiscal issues. I urge this body to pass the blue water Navy bill by unanimous consent. This is about justice. This is about a bureaucracy making a decision and really not following the intent of this Congress. It is correct that something was done wrong in 2002, as Senator G
ILLIBRAND  has already laid out so eloquently. Our U.S. Navy veterans who were exposed to Agent Orange while serving in Viet-nam have been denied proper care through the VA. Even though both Houses of Congress extended presump-tive health coverage to all illnesses linked to Agent Orange, the VA thwarted congressional intent by choosing the narrowest possible defini-tion of ‘‘service in the Republic of Viet-nam,’’ which included the country’s territorial waters. Our veterans deserve much better. It is unacceptable that a technicality in the law and a dysfunctional Federal bureaucracy have resulted in the pro-longed suffering of thousands of our Nation’s heroes. This legislation will ensure that the victims of Agent Or-ange-related disease receive the care and compensation they have long de-served. I will continue to fight for our veterans just as they have fought for us. Thank you. I yield to my fellow Montanan, Sen-ator T
ESTER . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. I want to tell you, the only thing standing in the way of this bill passing is the Senate. I have a tremendous amount of re-spect for Senator E
NZI. I know, as chair of the Budget Committee, he has a job to do, but we have a job to do. People sign up for our military, and promises are made. The promises that are made are the cost of war. The Viet-nam war has been over for decades, and these folks are dying every day. This deal was Agent Orange exposure. If you served on the mainland of Vietnam, you are covered, but if you were on a boat on the ocean next to Vietnam, you were not. I am going to tell you something. If you have been around weed spray, which is what Agent Orange is—it is a defoliant—and if you have been around it, you don’t have to be sprayed with it to be exposed to it. All you have to be is downwind. These folks on the ocean were downwind. Why do we know that? Because there has been study after study showing that these folks who served on the ocean next to Vietnam are suffering from a higher level of cancer, hypertension, and heart dis-ease. We have a job to do here, folks. There are 30 VSOs, maybe more than that— Veterans Service Organizations—that expect us to act and do the right thing here today. I will tell you, the chair-man of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, JOHNNY ISAKSON , has done a marvelous job this Congress, doing what is right for our veterans and mak-ing sure the VA has what is needed to serve our veterans. This is not the VA. I know there are some in the admin-istration who don’t want to see us do this. But the truth is, this is a cost of war. It is our obligation to meet the needs of those folks who have sac-rificed for this country. It is time to step up today, folks. We are the only thing standing in the way of this bill being passed and doing right by our Vietnam veterans. I want to close with one thing. Since I have been ranking member and since I have been a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I have talked to a lot of Vietnam veterans. These are the folks who came back from war, and there was nobody at the airport wait-ing for them—nobody. They couldn’t wear their uniforms on the streets of our towns. Now we are going to deny them the benefit that they have earned because they were exposed to Agent Or-ange. There is no doubt they were ex-posed to Agent Orange. It is time to look at ourselves here in the Senate and step up and say: Do you know what? It does cost a lot of money. Do you know what? It has been studied to death, and it can be studied some more, but the bottom line is, we need to do right by the folks who were willing to serve in the Vietnam war. Some of them were drafted. Some of them signed up on their own. But the bottom line is, they all expected to get the benefits. This is a benefit they should get. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. I thank Senator T
ESTER , Senator I SAKSON , Senator G
ILLIBRAND , and Senator B LUMENTHAL . This is the cost of war. This is sim-ple. If you were exposed to poison while serving our country, you deserve the benefits you have earned—no excep-tion. My office holds roundtables with veterans all over the State. We have held more than a dozen over the past several months. We hear Ohio veteran after Ohio veteran raise this issue time and again. Joe Benedict from Cleveland talked about how important these benefits are to veterans like him. Last week, I met with Mike Kvintus, another blue water Navy veteran from Cambridge, OH. He is 71 years old, and he drove 4 hours from his home in Eastern Ohio to get here. He talked to Members of Congress about what a burden the senseless pol-icy is for so many veterans he knows who have already sacrificed for this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.002 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7382 December 10, 2018 
country. He urged us to put politics aside. That is what Senator T
ESTER and Senator G
ILLIBRAND and Senator I SAK-
SONhave asked us to do. Last year, we introduced the Blue Water Navy Viet-nam Veterans Act, which would guar-antee that all Vietnam veterans ex-posed to toxic Agent Orange chemicals have equal access to the care and bene-fits they have earned. A number of us, myself included, raised the issue with VA Secretary Wilkie, both in private meetings in our office and in the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, pressing him to expand benefits to all veterans. Mr. Kvintus and Mr. Benedict and all of the veterans in our States—Georgia, Connecticut, Montana, New York, and Ohio—we all hear this. We all know that these veterans put themselves in harm’s way. It is the cost of war. We need to show the American people we can work together. We should start by putting partisanship aside, passing this bill tonight, and finally getting the care for veterans that they deserve. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues Senator B
ROWN , Senator T ESTER , most impor-tantly, Senator G
ILLIBRAND , and our good friend Senator I
SAKSON . Senator I
SAKSON and Senator G ILLI-
BRAND and I worked together closely on this issue when I was the ranking member of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee. We engaged the VA through hearings, through meetings, through any way that we could reach the VA so that it would grant the pre-sumption to all veterans who served in the territorial waters of Vietnam dur-ing the Vietnam war and were exposed to Agent Orange, to give them simple justice, and to treat them with the same presumption of service-connected disability as their fellow veterans who served in the Vietnam conflict with boots on the ground. If they served in those territorial waters, they deserve that same presumption. Beyond the abstraction here, I want to talk about the face and voice of this problem, which, for me, is my good friend Gerry Wright. Gerry Wright rode across this coun-try on a motorcycle. The mantra on the motorcycle was ‘‘Sprayed and Be-trayed.’’ Gerry Wright is a victim of Agent Orange. He suffers from some of the same conditions as those brave vet-erans who served with boots on the ground. He joined me, along with Paul Scappaticci, Cinthia Johnson, and Gary Monk on Veterans Day. Just as he rode across the country, we came together to raise awareness about this issue. If Americans saw and heard those faces and voices, if my colleagues heed-ed their call, there would be no objec-tion in this body to this legislation. It is all of us who share a responsibility, and it is the VA that has to acknowl-edge responsibility, as well, for its op-position over the years and its actions blocking simple justice for these vet-erans. In the absence of justice from the VA, we have fought over these years— just as the blue water Navy veterans have fought for decades—to achieve that justice, and 5 months ago, that justice seemed within reach when the House unanimously passed, 382 to 0, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act. The Senate Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee held a hearing on this legisla-tion in August. Members had more than sufficient time to consider the language. There are more than ample funds to cover it. There is no reason— none whatsoever—for delaying this leg-islation, which has such broad support from the Veterans Service Organiza-tions, stakeholders, and members of this body. I want to remind my colleagues that this legislation also includes a provi-sion that I led with Senator MORAN and Senator T
ESTER that would treat with fairness our Korean veterans. It is called the Fairness for Korean DMZ Veterans Act, ensuring all veterans who served in the Korean DMZ, when Agent Orange was used there, that they will also receive the healthcare and benefits they deserve. This measure is about justice for our Vietnam veterans, for our Korean war veterans, and it is a symbol, as well as a tangible and pro-foundly significant benefit of our com-mitment to cover the cost of war. This measure is not about a gift. It is not about charity. It is about what we owe the veteran. It is about keeping faith, making sure that we leave none of those veterans behind, and that we give them the simple justice they deserve. They have fought for this recognition over years, and ‘‘sprayed and betrayed’’ will be the appropriate designation if we fail in this duty for them. Again, I thank Senator G
ILLIBRAND  and Senator D
AINES for their leader-ship, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this measure. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE UNI-VERSAL DECLARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, in 1948, in the wake of two World Wars that caused death, destruction and atroc-ities on a massive and unprecedented scale, the world came together at the nascent United Nations to establish the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. These rights, envisioned as the ‘‘foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world,’’ included article 19, the right of everyone to freedom of opinion and expression. This, of course, mirrors our First Amendment, which for more than two centuries has served as the cornerstone of our democracy. Article 19 also includes the ability to ‘‘receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers,’’ as necessary to the real-ization of that right. The free and inde-pendent press has fulfilled this essen-tial role around the world ever since. Today is the 70th anniversary of that landmark declaration; yet as we com-memorate that historic achievement, I have never been more concerned about the state of freedom of the press. In-creasingly, around the world and even here in the United States, governments are actively trying to intimidate and silence the independent media. This year alone, according to the Com-mittee to Protect Journalists, over 43 journalists have been murdered for nothing more than publishing facts and informing the public. Countless others have been harassed and threatened. President Trump, who has called the press an ‘‘enemy of the people’’ and routinely denigrates journalists who do not portray him in a favorable light, has inspired the world’s autocrats to decry ‘‘fake news’’ and imprison and even assassinate journalists who coura-geously report on corruption and other government misconduct. Eleanor Roosevelt, one of our coun-try’s greatest defenders of human rights, served as chairwoman of the UN commission that wrote the Universal Declaration. Its commitment to the ‘‘inherent dignity’’ and ‘‘equal and in-alienable rights’’ of all people is a tes-tament to her vision of a more hu-mane, just, and peaceful world, but like any such statement of principles, the declaration is aspirational. It has tan-gible meaning only to the extent that people apply it in practice. As the old-est democracy whose First Amendment has inspired countless people on every continent, it is incumbent on us all to defend the right of free expression en-shrined in article 19 of the Universal Declaration, here and around the world. 
f 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, last week the Senate passed a second continuing resolution for fiscal year 2019, providing short-term funding for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.020 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7383 December 10, 2018 
many Federal Government agencies that have not yet received full year funding. Several outstanding issues need to be resolved in order to complete the final seven appropriations bills, and I am hopeful that the hard work of the Ap-propriations Committee will not be in vain by resorting to a year-long con-tinuing resolution for the remaining bills. Congress must act in order to fully fund essential transportation and hous-ing programs, environmental protec-tion efforts, the Appalachian Regional Commission, NASA programs, the Cen-sus, FEMA relief programs, and to pre-vent President Trump from freezing the pay of over 2 million Federal civil servants, by enacting the 1.9 percent cost of living increase for Federal workers that the Senate passed on a broad bipartisan basis. While I am glad this short-term con-tinuing resolution will provide for an extension to keep the flood insurance program from unnecessarily lapsing, I want to see Congress enact a long-term reauthorization. This year’s flooding of Ellicott City shows that we need a long-term solution. That is why I am an original cosponsor of the SAFE act, which provides for a 5-year extension for the program, in addition to impor-tant program enhancement as well as the Federal Flood Risk Management Act that ensures that federally owned or funded buildings, housing, and infra-structure, be made more weather-re-sistant and resilient so that we can protect our communities and our in-vestment of Federal tax dollars. As a member of the Senate Appro-priations Committee, I look forward to working with my colleagues over the next 2 weeks to complete the commit-tee’s fiscal year 2019 work. 
f 
BLUE WATER NAVY VIETNAM VETERANS ACT OF 2017 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the November 29, 2018, letter from the Congressional Budget Office regarding H.R. 299, the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2017, be printed in the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , U.S. C
ONGRESS , Washington, DC, November 29, 2018. Hon. M
IKEENZI, Chairman, Committee on the Budget, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 15, 2018, the Congressional Budget Office transmitted an estimate of the budgetary effects of H.R. 299, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presumptions relating to the expo-sure of certain veterans who served in the vi-cinity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes, as ordered reported by the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs on May 8, 2018. Among other things, the act would provide disability compensation to more of the veterans who served in the terri-torial seas of Vietnam during the Vietnam War under the assumption that they had been exposed to Agent Orange, a blend of herbicides used by the Department of De-fense to remove dense tropical foliage. CBO estimated that those provisions would in-crease direct spending by about $900 million over the 2019–2028 period. The bill that was passed by the House amended the earlier version to expand the nautical area in which veterans would be presumed to have been exposed to Agent Or-ange. That change would increase CBO’s esti-mate of the costs of the legislation by about $250 million to account for the additional veterans that would be affected. Since the original estimate was prepared in May, CBO has obtained new information that would affect future estimates of similar legislation. In total, we expect that account-ing for this new information would increase the estimate of the legislation’s effect on di-rect spending by at least $1 billion over 10 years. First, CBO now expects that more veterans would be affected by enactment of the bill than previously estimated. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) already presumes that veterans who served aboard certain U.S. Navy ships on the dates they were near the coast of Vietnam were exposed to Agent Or-ange. Using information about the crew size of those listed ships, CBO estimated that about two-thirds of veterans who served in the geographic area covered by the bill would obtain compensation under current law. Thus, in its estimate for H.R. 299, CBO projected that only one-third of veterans in the covered population would be newly eligi-ble for disability compensation under that bill. We have since learned from additional dis-cussions with VA that there is considerably more uncertainty than we originally antici-pated about the number of veterans that, under current law, VA would presume to have been exposed because of service aboard those vessels. Specifically, there is a greater likelihood that less than two-thirds of vet-erans who served in the geographic area cov-ered by the bill would obtain compensation under current law. To account for that uncertainty CBO would, in future estimates expect that half of affected beneficiaries would obtain bene-fits under current law, and thus would not be affected by enactment of H.R. 299. That esti-mate is in the middle of the range of possible outcomes. Using that updated estimate would mean that fewer veterans would be ex-pected to receive benefits under current law and more would get benefits as a result of H.R. 299. The increase in the number of af-fected veterans would result in additional retroactive payments to veterans whose dis-ability claims previously have been denied by VA and also would increase the number of recurring disability payments. In addition, on the basis of new informa-tion from VA, CBO also would increase its estimate of the number of surviving spouses of deceased veterans who would receive com-pensation because the cause of those vet-erans’ deaths would be presumed to have been caused by exposure to Agent Orange. Finally, CBO would estimate that spending subject to appropriation would increase for additional personnel to process disability claims. Such spending would allow VA to handle new claims more quickly. Although H.R. 299 would not require VA to hire more personnel to process these additional claims, the department has indicated that it would need to do so in order to avoid a lengthy backlog. CBO will incorporate this new information into its future estimates of the budgetary ef-fects of such legislation. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Logan Smith. Sincerely, KEITH HALL, Director. f 
REMEMBERING LYUDMILA ALEXEYEVA Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Lyudmila Alexeyeva, a true giant for human rights in Russia and around the world. Ms. Alexeyeva passed away over the weekend in Moscow and left behind children, grandchildren, and great- grandchildren, but that was just her immediate family. Lyudmila’s leader-ship and fearlessness inspired a genera-tion of human rights and democracy activists in Russia; she was the grand-mother of human rights in the country, and her stalwart leadership in the face of repression will truly be missed. Today is International Human Rights Day, a fitting moment to pay tribute this incredible leader. In thinking about Lyudmila’s legacy, three words come to mind: vision, te-nacity, and courage. Starting from her days drafting a Samizdat journal called the Chronicle of Current Events that scrutinized the Khrushchev regime, Lyudmila had the vision of a Soviet Union in which all of its citizens played a role in ensuring accountable governance and demo-cratic principles. She saw the oppor-tunity to fulfill this vision in the 1975 Helsinki Accords, especially those te-nets which enshrined the critical no-tion that signatory countries’ respect for human rights inside their borders was integral to security in the trans-atlantic region. The Brezhnev govern-ment at the time had no intention of honoring those elements of Helsinki, but Lyudmila worked together with her compatriots to set up the Moscow Helsinki Group to monitor implemen-tation of the Accords. The Moscow Hel-sinki Group inspired the proliferation of sister organizations in other coun-tries whose governments had com-mitted to Helsinki principles, includ-ing here in Congress with the Commis-sion for Security and Cooperation in Europe. This platform inside of the So-viet Union and across the transatlantic space was critically important to build those bonds of international solidarity among so many likeminded democrats and human rights defenders. She was indeed a true visionary for open, demo-cratic societies, and the bonds she built with and among activists who shared that vision stand strong to this day. Second, tenacity—Lyudmila faced so many obstacles during the Soviet pe-riod and the Putin era. After starting Moscow Helsinki, the pressure from the Soviet regime grew so great that she had to seek exile in the United States for 16 years. During that time, she be-came an American citizen, a proud mo-ment for us here in this country. While in exile, she remained committed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G10DE6.009 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7384 December 10, 2018 
her vision. She advocated for inter-national support for the plight of dis-sidents and human rights activists suf-fering repression in the Soviet Bloc. In the tradition of Alexander Sol-zhenitsyn, Lyudmila wrote extensively on her country, publishing two impor-tant works: ‘‘The Thaw Generation. Coming of Age in the Post-Stalin Era’’ and ‘‘Soviet Dissent.’’ She also worked for Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty during this period. Once she was able to return to Russia after the fall of the Soviet Union, Lyudmila dove right back into her work, scrutinizing the human rights record of Boris Yeltsin and resisting the sharp turn away from democracy under Vladimir Putin. As the space for civil society voices contracted inside Russia, Lyudmila was a clear and dog-ged advocate for freedom, a voice for the universal declaration of human rights and a voice for a better Russia. Despite this closing space, she ex-pended enormous energy on mentoring and organizing a new generation of Russian human rights defenders to carry the torch. During this period, she would travel to Washington and was a true force of nature. She always had a few young activists in tow to make sure they were connected with key pol-icymakers in DC. By doing so, she made clear to us in Washington that not all was lost inside Russia, that a tenacious new generation of activists was willing to take this baton of free-dom and run the next leg of the race, and that they deserved our respect, at-tention, and support. Finally, courage—Lyudmila did not have to do this work. This calling sub-jected her and her family to pressure and repression by different regimes over the years. It subjected her to 16 years in exile from her homeland. After so much hard work during the Soviet era, she could have settled into retire-ment, leaving the toils of civil society development and human rights defense to a new generation, but as repression grew under Putin, Lyudmila would continue the work undaunted. Well into her 70s and 80s, she would continue to organize. She would continue to travel to foreign capitals, only to face increased scrutiny at home. She would attend rallies in Moscow, sometimes in the dead of winter, under great phys-ical threat. She would be arrested. She faced these challenges with remarkable composure and grace. Those images of Lyudmila during a Moscow street pro-test one New Years’ Eve, dressed as a Russian holiday character, the Snow Maiden, in a powder blue coat as she stood up to thuggish Russian Govern-ment security forces, was a sight to be-hold. Her undaunted courage during this later period of her life was a true inspiration to so many of us around the world. It is tragic that Lyudmila did not live to see her vision for Russia real-ized. It is tragic that the Russian peo-ple have been robbed of the oppor-tunity to live in a democratic country. It is tragic that the Putin regime con-tinues to impose corruption and repres-sion on a people who deserve so much better. Lyudmila understood what that ‘‘better’’ looks like and had a vision for her country: a governing system with true checks and balances; a country with a responsive government, held ac-countable to the people; a country where a strong civil society understood that it had a very important role and stake in the country’s well-being. In her own way, Lyudmila symbolized that check and balance. She symbol-ized what a vibrant civil society in Russia could be if only taken to scale. She symbolized a place where Russia lived up to international human rights commitments, not as an answer to a foreign power, but because she saw ful-fillment of these commitments as good for the citizenry and the country. Our world is better because Lyudmila was here. Our world is better due to her vision, courage, and tenacity. We all have an obligation to carry on her work, not only in support for human rights in Russia, but in all those dark corners of the world where people are repressed by their governments. In the coming days, tributes like this will be heard around the world, extolling Lyudmila’s many efforts and accom-plishments in defense of liberty and human rights. Lyudmila was a shining example to us all. Let us take this charge and be the embodiment of her life’s work. Rest in peace, Lyudmila. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JANAK ‘‘HODGE’’ K. PATEL Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize and honor the extraordinary public service of Janak ‘‘Hodge’’ Kanti Patel, who has been my State director for the past 6 years in the U.S. Senate and my dis-trict director for the prior 6 years in the U.S. House of Representatives. Over 22 years in the House and Senate, Hodge has served the people of Indiana with a high level of integrity and pro-fessionalism, combined with a strong emphasis on constituent services and community engagement. A longtime resident of South Bend, IN, Hodge attended St. John the Bap-tist Roman Catholic Church and School, St. Joseph’s High School, Holy Cross College, St. Mary’s College, and the University Notre Dame. While at Notre Dame, Hodge interned for then- Third Congressional District U.S. Con-gressman Tim Roemer and was hired upon graduation as a case manager, where he worked on military, veterans, and immigration case work until he was promoted to the role of field rep-resentative in that same office. In 2001, Hodge joined the staff of U.S. Senator Evan Bayh as his Northeast Indiana Regional Director, where he covered 21 counties and two offices: Fort Wayne and South Bend. Upon my election in 2006 to the U.S. House of Representatives, I invited Hodge to join my team as district director. In his role, he helped establish three con-gressional offices and hired a highly dedicated team of nine staff members to help serve the more than 700,000 Hoosiers that I represented for three terms in Congress. Together we worked to establish an expanded VA commu-nity based outpatient clinic in down-town South Bend, a full service vet-erans healthcare clinic for St. Joseph County, as well as organized job fairs, job-seeker workshops, and access to capital events for small businesses across the Second Congressional Dis-trict. Hodge also helped to organize more than 1 dozen constituent stake-holder advisory groups and oversaw our office’s military service academy nomi-nations process. In 2012, when I was elected to the U.S. Senate, I once again asked Hodge to join me. As my State director, Hodge led my team in Indiana and played a vital role in hiring 20 staff members to help serve Hoosiers and es-tablished six Senate offices located in Evansville, Fort Wayne, Hammond, In-dianapolis, Jeffersonville, and in my hometown of South Bend. Over the last 6 years, Hodge oversaw our constituent services team that managed 12,000 cases and recovered $12.6 million for Hoosiers. He also played an important role in working with our grants director to proactively seek out opportunities where we could enhance nonprofit organizations and local communities in their efforts to serve the public. Additionally, there were more than 100 projects around the state that Hodge and the Indiana State staff team worked on to ensure a favor-able outcome. Finally, Hodge was also able to build coalitions and gain a high level of respect among his counterparts in Indiana on both sides of the aisle in both the House and Senate. I am extremely proud to recognize Hodge Patel’s 22 years of tireless com-mitment to public service on behalf of Hoosiers. I wish Hodge and his four children Harper, Dylan, Elliott and Quinn, as well as his partner, Ali Oesch, the best in their future endeav-ors outside of public service. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 4:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that pursuant to section 1501(c) of the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–254), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following in-dividual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Syria Study Group: Dr. Kimberly E. Kagan of Wash-ington, DC. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
At 5:39 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following bills: 
H.R. 1417. An act to amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to allow the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.003 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7385 December 10, 2018 
Museum to acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and for other purposes. H.R. 1861. An act to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achieve-ments and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. H.R. 3398. An act to amend the Real ID Act of 2005 to permit Freely Associated States to meet identification requirements under such Act, and for other purposes. H.R. 5238. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Office’’. H.R. 6330. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to modify the method for pre-scribing size standards for business concerns. 
The enrolled bills were subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 3191. A bill to provide for the expeditious disclosure of records related to civil rights cold cases, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–424). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE for the Committee on Armed Services. *Thomas McCaffery, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. *Lisa M. Schenck, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Military Commission Review. *William Bookless, of California, to be Principal Deputy Administrator, National Nuclear Security Administration. Air Force nominations beginning with Col. David W. Abba and ending with Col. Steven P. Whitney, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on November 26, 2018. Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Michael R. Berry, to be Major General. Marine Corps nomination of Brig. Gen. Bradley S. James, to be Major General. Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Duke Z. Richardson, to be Lieutenant General. Army nominations beginning with Col. Kevin D. Admiral and ending with Col. Paul T. Stanton, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 29, 2018. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Terry R. Ferrell, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Col. Timothy D. Connelly, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Gerald R. Krimbill, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Col. Stacy M. Bab-cock, to be Brigadier General. Army nomination of Lt. Gen. Eric J. Wes-ley, to be Lieutenant General. Army nomination of Maj. Gen. Andrew P. Poppas, to be Lieutenant General. Navy nomination of Rear Adm. Robert D. Sharp, to be Vice Admiral. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the RECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Luke M. Sauter, to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of Tasha L. Pravecek, to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of Brian J. Neff, to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of Cory A. Cooper, to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of Joel A. Sloan, to be Colonel. Air Force nominations beginning with Jamie J. Johnson and ending with Renee M. Summers, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 26, 2018. Air Force nomination of Timothy B. Mur-phy, to be Colonel. Air Force nomination of Andrew M. Deramus, to be Major. Air Force nomination of Brianne D. New-man, to be Major. Air Force nominations beginning with Mohan S. Akella and ending with William E. Zutell III, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 29, 2018. Air Force nominations beginning with Jen-nifer L. Gurganus and ending with April H. Clemmensen, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on November 29, 2018. Army nominations beginning with Jason A. Ferguson and ending with Samuel M. Siegal, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 14, 2018. Army nomination of Christopher G. Neeley, to be major. Army nominations beginning with Samuel J. Hibronpadilla and ending with Scott D. Ingalsbe, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 14, 2018. Army nomination of Jeremy W. Lewis, to be Major. Army nomination of David R. Dinklocker, to be Major. Army nomination of Loren C. Duwel, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Renerose V. Hinkle, to be Major. Army nomination of Sarah L. Fortier, to be Major. Army nomination of David A. Neveau, to be Major. Army nomination of Kyle B. Hurst, to be Major. Army nominations beginning with Ray-mond R. Adams III and ending with Matthew E. Wright, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 29, 2018. Army nomination of Paul M. Fugere, to be lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Clarence K. Graham, to be Lieutenant Colonel. Army nomination of Jackson A. Kurtzman, to be Colonel. Army nomination of Jeremy T. Tennent, to be Major. Army nomination of Jonathan D. Thomp-son, to be Major. Marine Corps nominations beginning with Robert A. Green, Jr. and ending with Jesus S. Mendez, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on November 29, 2018. Navy nomination of Thomas J. Zerr, to be Captain. Navy nomination of Shelton L. Lyons II, to be Captain. *Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PERDUE: S. 3732. A bill to amend the Commodity Ex-change Act to prohibit the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission from compelling a person to produce or furnish algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property to that agency unless the agency first issues a subpoena; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. PERDUE: S. 3733. A bill to prohibit the Securities and Exchange Commission from compelling a person to produce or furnish algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property to the Commission unless the Com-mission first issues a subpoena, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. C
OT-
TON, and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. 3734. A bill to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to prohibit the distribution of any check or other negotiable instrument as part of a solicitation by a creditor for an exten-sion of credit, to limit the liability of con-sumers in conjunction with such solicita-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. CRUZ: S. 3735. A bill to protect freedom of speech in America’s electoral process and ensure transparency in campaign finance; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 3736. A bill to amend Rule 611 of the Fed-eral Rules of Evidence to prohibit cross-ex-amination by the accused of minor victims of sexual assault; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. M AR-
KEY, and Mr. R UBIO): S. Res. 718. A resolution establishing the John S. McCain III Human Rights Commis-sion; to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. R EED, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Ms. H
IRONO ): S. Con. Res. 59. A concurrent resolution recognizing the need to improve physical ac-cess to many federally funded facilities for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.005 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7386 December 10, 2018 
all people of the United States, particularly individuals with disabilities; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 352, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recognition of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 480 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 480, a bill to reauthorize the Mul-tinational Species Conservation Funds Semipostal Stamp. 
S. 1042 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1042, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code to exclude Segal Americorps Education Awards and re-lated awards from income. 
S. 1101 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the names of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
AR-
REN), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Sen-ator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from Illi-nois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1101, a bill to elimi-nate discrimination and promote wom-en’s health and economic security by ensuring reasonable workplace accom-modations for workers whose ability to perform the functions of a job are lim-ited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a re-lated medical condition. 
S. 1109 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1109, a bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to ex-tend advanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse spe-cialist programs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1301 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1301, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1303 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. VANHOLLEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1303, a bill to prohibit discrimination in adoption or foster care placements based on the sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adoptive or foster parent, or the sexual orientation or gender identity of the child in-volved. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 2018 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2018, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make the child tax credit fully refund-able, establish an increased child tax credit for young children, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the ex-pansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2122 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2122, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 regarding reasonable break time for nursing mothers. 
S. 3253 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3253, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide au-thority to add additional vaccines to the list of taxable vaccines. 
S. 3369 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3369, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-quire that group and individual health insurance coverage and group health plans provide coverage for treatment of a congenital anomaly or birth defect. 
S. 3523 
At the request of Ms. H ASSAN , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 3523, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require a full military honors ceremony for certain deceased veterans, and for other purposes. S. 3591 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3591, a bill to extend au-thorization for the September 11th Vic-tim Compensation Fund of 2001 through fiscal year 2090, and for other purposes. 
S. 3638 
At the request of Mr. K YL, the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3638, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reduce the rate of tax on estates, gifts, and generation- skipping transfers. 
S. 3644 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 3644, a bill to authorize a spe-cial resource study on the spread vec-tors of chronic wasting disease in Cervidae, and for other purposes. 
S. 3649 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3649, a bill to provide for programs to help reduce the risk that prisoners will recidivate upon release from prison, and for other purposes. 
S. 3656 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3656, a bill to authorize the Department of Energy to conduct collaborative research with the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs in order to improve healthcare services for vet-erans in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 3702 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3702, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to prevent the misclassification of drugs for purposes of the Medicaid drug re-bate program. 
S.J. RES. 64 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as co-sponsors of S.J. Res. 64, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Department of the Treasury relating to ‘‘Returns by Ex-empt Organizations and Returns by Certain Non-Exempt Organizations’’. 
S. RES. 717 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) and the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.009 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7387 December 10, 2018 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 717, a resolu-tion honoring the life and legacy of Re-becca Teresa Weichhand. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 718—ESTAB-LISHING THE JOHN S. M
CCAIN III HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion: 
S. R ES. 718 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. JOHN S. MCCAIN III HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION. 
(a) C OMMISSION ESTABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Senate the John S. McCain III Human Rights Commission (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). (2) D
UTIES .—The Commission shall— (A) serve as a forum for bipartisan discus-sion of international human rights issues and promotion of internationally recognized human rights as enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; (B) raise awareness of international human rights violations through regular briefings and hearings; and (C) collaborate with the executive branch, human rights entities, and nongovernmental organizations to promote human rights ini-tiatives within the Senate. (3) M
EMBERSHIP .—Any Senator may be-come a member of the Commission by sub-mitting a written statement to that effect to the Commission. (4) C
O-CHAIRPERSONS OF THE COMMISSION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Two members of the Commission shall be appointed to serve as co-chairpersons of the Commission, as fol-lows: (i) One co-chairperson shall be appointed, and may be removed, by the majority leader of the Senate. (ii) One co-chairperson shall be appointed, and may be removed, by the minority leader of the Senate. (B) T
ERM.—The term of a member as a co- chairperson of the Commission shall end on the last day of the Congress during which the member is appointed as a co-chairperson, un-less the member ceases being a member of the Senate, leaves the Commission, resigns from the position of co-chairperson, or is re-moved. (C) P
UBLICATION .—Appointments under this paragraph shall be printed in the Congres-sional Record. (D) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the posi-tion of co-chairperson of the Commission shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. (b) C
OMMISSION STAFF .— (1) C
OMPENSATION AND EXPENSES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission is au-thorized, from funds made available under subsection (c), to— (i) employ such staff in the manner and at a rate not to exceed that allowed for employ-ees of a committee of the Senate under sec-tion 105(e)(3) of the Legislative Branch Ap-propriation Act, 1968 (2 U.S.C. 4575(e)(3)); and (ii) incur such expenses as may be nec-essary or appropriate to carry out its duties and functions. (B) E
XPENSES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Payments made under this subsection for receptions, meals, and food-re-lated expenses shall be authorized only for actual expenses incurred by the Commission in the course of conducting its official duties and functions. (ii) TREATMENT OF PAYMENTS .—Amounts received as reimbursement for expenses de-scribed in clause (i) shall not be reported as income, and the expenses so reimbursed shall not be allowed as a deduction under the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986. (2) D
ESIGNATION OF PROFESSIONAL STAFF .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Each co-chairperson of the Commission may designate 1 profes-sional staff member. (B) C
OMPENSATION OF SENATE EMPLOYEES .— In the case of the compensation of any pro-fessional staff member designated under sub-paragraph (A) who is an employee of a Mem-ber of the Senate or of a committee of the Senate and who has been designated to per-form services for the Commission, the pro-fessional staff member shall continue to be paid by the Member or committee, as the case may be, but the account from which the professional staff member is paid shall be re-imbursed for the services of the professional staff member (including agency contribu-tions when appropriate) out of funds made available under subsection (c). (C) D
UTIES .—Each professional staff mem-ber designated under subparagraph (A) shall— (i) serve all members of the Commission; and (ii) carry out such other functions as the co-chairperson designating the professional staff member may specify. (c) P
AYMENT OF EXPENSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The expenses of the Com-mission shall be paid from the Contingent Fund of the Senate, out of the account of Miscellaneous Items, upon vouchers ap-proved jointly by the co-chairpersons (except that vouchers shall not be required for the disbursement of salaries of employees who are paid at an annual rate of pay). (2) A
MOUNTS AVAILABLE .—For any fiscal year, not more than $200,000 shall be ex-pended for employees and expenses. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 59—RECOGNIZING THE NEED TO IMPROVE PHYSICAL ACCESS TO MANY FEDERALLY FUNDED FACILITIES FOR ALL PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES, PARTICULARLY INDI-VIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. R EED, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. H ASSAN , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. C ASEY , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. M ERKLEY , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. C ON. RES. 59 Whereas the First Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States prevents Con-gress from making any law respecting an es-tablishment of religion, prohibiting the free exercise of religion, or abridging the freedom of speech, the freedom of the press, the right to peaceably assemble, or the right to peti-tion for a governmental redress of griev-ances, and was ratified on December 15, 1791, as 1 of the 10 amendments that constitute the Bill of Rights; Whereas the Bill of Rights, specifically the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, calls for the right of all indi-viduals to peaceably assemble, and to this end, all individuals, regardless of their phys-ical ability, shall be offered equal oppor-tunity to access all amenities that are feder-ally funded, in whole or part, with the excep-tion of certain sites of historical importance approved by the Architectural and Transpor-tation Barriers Compliance Board (com-monly known and referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘United States Access Board’’) or a nonpartisan commission convened by the United States Access Board; Whereas, in the 28 years since the signing of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), there have been advances in technologies that benefit indi-viduals with disabilities, such as automatic doors; Whereas, in 2018, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that— (1) 61,000,000 individuals in the United States have a disability that impacts major life activities; (2) 1 of every 7 adults experience a mobility impairment, which is the most common form of disability; and (3) as people age, disability becomes in-creasingly common, affecting an estimated 2 of every 5 older adults; Whereas, as significant advances in med-ical treatment result in improved health outcomes, the incidence of disability has in-creased over time; Whereas, in 2016, an estimated 25.1 percent of veterans in the United States, or more than 2,000,000 individuals, reported having a service-connected disability; Whereas the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to in-sure that certain buildings financed with Federal funds are so designed and con-structed as to be accessible to the physically handicapped’’, approved August 12, 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4151 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Architectural Barriers Act of 1968’’), was enacted to ensure that certain federally funded facilities are designed and con-structed to be accessible to individuals with disabilities; Whereas title V of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 791 et seq.)— (1) prohibits discrimination against a per-son with a disability in programs and activi-ties funded by the Federal Government; (2) requires the elimination of architec-tural barriers for Federal employees and ap-plicants with disabilities; and (3) established the United States Access Board; Whereas the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.)— (1) prohibits discrimination against a per-son with a disability by a State or local gov-ernment, including any department, agency, special purpose district, or other instrumen-tality of a State or local government, in pro-grams and activities, transportation, com-munications, and the built environment; (2) prohibits discrimination against a per-son with a disability in the activities of a place of public accommodation, which is an entity that is— (A) generally open to the public; and (B) within a category described in that Act, such as a restaurant, movie theater, school, day care facility, or doctor’s office; and (3) requires a newly constructed or altered place of public accommodation or commer-cial facility (such as a factory, warehouse, or office building) to comply with the Stand-ards for Accessible Design; Whereas the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.)— (1) prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability in multifamily housing, including military family housing; and (2) requires the elimination of architec-tural barriers in common areas; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.011 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7388 December 10, 2018 
Whereas the United States Access Board has developed new guidelines for public rights-of-way that address various issues, in-cluding access for blind pedestrians at street crossings, wheelchair access to on-street parking, and various constraints posed by space limitations, roadway design practices, slope, and terrain; Whereas the new guidelines developed by the United States Access Board cover pedes-trian access to sidewalks and streets, includ-ing crosswalks, curb ramps, street fur-nishings, pedestrian signals, parking, and other components of public rights-of-way; Whereas the aim of the United States Ac-cess Board in developing the new guidelines includes ensuring that— (1) access for individuals with disabilities is provided wherever a pedestrian way is newly built or altered; and (2) the same degree of convenience, connec-tion, and safety afforded the public generally is available to pedestrians with disabilities; Whereas, on the date on which the Attor-ney General adopts the new guidelines, the guidelines will become enforceable standards under title II of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12131 et seq.); and Whereas the United States was founded on the principles of equality and freedom, and such principles require that all individuals, including individuals with disabilities, are able to engage as equal members of society: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) recognizes the importance of equal op-portunity for individuals with disabilities in the United States; (2) recognizes that too many facilities of Federal, State, and local governments re-main inaccessible to people with disabilities due to architectural and other barriers; (3) reaffirms its support of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to insure that certain buildings fi-nanced with Federal funds are so designed and constructed as to be accessible to the physically handicapped’’, approved August 12, 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4151 et seq.) (commonly known as the ‘‘Architectural Barriers Act of 1968’’), title V of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 791 et seq.), the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), and the Fair Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 3601 et seq.) and requires full compliance with such Acts; and (4) pledges to make universal and inclusive design a guiding principle for all infrastruc-ture bills and projects and will continue working to identify and remove the barriers that prevent all people of the United States, including people with disabilities, from hav-ing equal access to the services provided by the Federal Government. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, December 10, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on pending nominations. ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2018 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Decem-ber 11; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Muzinich nomination, with all postcloture time on the nomination expiring at 11:30 a.m.; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly caucus meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:49 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, December 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE6.013 S10DEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1617 December 10, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO LERON GUBLER 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Leron Gubler, who is retiring as Presi-dent and Chief Executive Officer of the Holly-wood Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Gubler is the longest tenured President in the 97-year history of the Hollywood Cham-ber of Commerce and is largely credited for the revitalization of Hollywood’s flourishing economy. Since 1992, Leron has transformed the or-ganization to ensure it not only supports local businesses but is committed to serving all residents of the Hollywood community. During his tenure as President, Leron fos-tered the development of four successful busi-ness improvement districts, and families and businesses from all over the world are moving to Hollywood. With over ten thousand housing units in the development pipeline and three hotels under construction, Hollywood is flourishing, and Leron has played a significant role in this ren-aissance. Leron founded the Hollywood Chamber Community Foundation, which has raised over $900,000 for non-profit organizations in Holly-wood, and helped create the Hollywood Chamber Political Action Committee, which ini-tiated the State of the Entertainment Industry Conference. In 2008, Leron became the master of cere-monies for the Hollywood Walk of Fame fol-lowing the passing of longtime Hollywood Honorary Mayor Johnny Grant. In his ten years as emcee for the Walk of Fame, Mr. Gubler has announced over three hundred Walk of Fame ceremonies. Leron Gubler has worked to ensure that Hollywood remains safe, relevant, and eco-nomically vital, and I ask all Members of Con-gress to join me in congratulating him for twenty-six years of dedicated service. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ANNE GETCHELL 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Anne Getchell who is retiring with 39 years of fed-eral service to the Farmers Home Administra-tion and Rural Development. Anne started her career at the Farmers Home Administration in 1979 as a Student Trainee in Concord. When she graduated from University of New Hampshire in 1980, she was hired on as a full time employee in Bennington, VT. In June of 1981 she was transferred to the Conway, NH office—where she is finishing out her career. When she arrived in Conway, she was an Assistant County Supervisor. She then took over for the retiring County Supervisor in 1982. During her time with the Farmers Home Administration, Anne has provided so many folks with single family housing assistance and business and community program loans and grants. On behalf of my constituents in New Hamp-shire’s Second Congressional District, I thank Anne for her many years of service, and for being a part of what makes the Granite State so great. I am honored to recognize and con-gratulate Anne on her retirement and wish her the best of luck in the years ahead. f 
HONORING FIRE DIVISION CHIEF RICHARD HANNA 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Fire Division Chief Rich-ard Hanna, on his retirement after forty-five years of service as a Volunteer Firefighter for Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority. Mr. Hanna was born in 1933 in New York City to Irish immigrant parents and earned his Bachelor’s degree on an ROTC scholarship. He served as a United States Marine Fighter Pilot for seven years before becoming a com-mercial airline pilot for United Airlines for over thirty years. After he moved to the Diamond A area of the Sonoma Valley with his wife and five chil-dren, Mr. Hanna became a Volunteer Fire-fighter. He was instrumental in establishing a Fire Station in Diamond A—he agreed to be-come a Volunteer Firefighter at the age of forty if the Valley of the Moon Fire District built a fire station in Diamond A. As a Volunteer Firefighter, Mr. Hanna participated in weekly drills and put his training into practice as emergencies arose. After several years he was promoted to Captain. Mr. Hanna was heavily involved with training and training de-velopment for Valley of the Moon Fire District and all of Sonoma Valley. He was then pro-moted to the rank of Division Chief. When Val-ley of the Moon Fire District and the City of Sonoma Fire Department merged to form the Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority, Mr. Hanna was crucial to the successful transition and stayed on as Division Chief. Additionally, Mr. Hanna trained for and vol-unteered as a CalFire Volunteer in Prevention and staffed local lookout towers. He is also active with the local Amateur Radio Operator Club, which is used when disasters arise. Mr. Hanna is knowledgeable about his work and willing to share his knowledge with trainees and other people in the Sonoma Valley. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Hanna is a committed Firefighter who is dedicated to serving our community. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Fire Division Chief Richard Hanna here today. f 
HONORING THE 25TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE NATIONAL CRYPTOLOGIC MUSEUM 
HON. C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to honor the 25th Anniver-sary of the National Cryptologic Museum (NCM) at the National Security Agency at Fort Meade, Maryland. As one of its first public mu-seums, the NCM became the intelligence community’s gateway to the American people when it opened its doors in December 1993 and its collection of stories and artifacts con-tinue to tell the intriguing and exciting history of American cryptology. The NCM’s first curator, Earl ‘‘Jerry’’ Coates, laid the framework for what would be-come the nation’s primary educational facility in cryptology. Stocked with artifacts once stored in offices, warehouses and private col-lections in garages and attics, the museum tells the little-known history of code-making and code-breaking. It brings to life the people who made that history and the state-of-the-art tools and technologies they created. Over the last two-and-a-half decades, the museum’s re-search library holdings have grown into one of the nation’s richest cryptologic resources. The museum, under the current leadership of Robert Simpson, continues to grow and modernize, demonstrating the amazing evo-lution of technology from the American Revo-lution to present day. Artifacts include the Ger-man Enigma machines, the never-com-promised Sigaba machine and one of the first super computers. Today, the museum averages 70,000 stu-dents, educators, researchers, scholars, histo-rians, and other visitors annually. During spe-cial events, Civil War and World War II reenactors bring to life accounts of signal intel-ligence and American cryptology. The NCM hosts festivals and celebrations that bring peo-ple of all ages to the museum to experience cryptologic challenges, learn the value of lan-guage skills, and gain a greater appreciation for the military men and women who have served throughout our history, protecting us and our way of life through cryptology. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join with me today in honoring the 25th Anniversary of the National Cryptologic Museum. I am proud that my district—the Second Congressional District of Maryland—is home to this impressive re-source that has served my constituency well over the years. I congratulate all of the muse-um’s staff on this milestone and wish them an-other 25 years of success and stewardship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.001 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1618 December 10, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO LEONID ‘‘LULU’’ SAHAROVICI 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to my constituent and friend, Leo-nid ‘‘Lulu’’ Saharovici, a longtime member of the Tennessee Holocaust Commission, who worked in a Nazi-backed Romanian labor camp in his youth and passed away last month at age 91. Mr. Saharovici was educated at the Univer-sity of Bucharest Law School and pursued a career in administrative law and teaching at his alma mater before he and his wife of 62 years, Frida, and their children Alex (Debra), then 12, Livio (Heidi), then 8, emigrated to the U.S. Mr. Saharovici was hired by National Mortgage in Memphis in 1972 and worked there until his retirement in 1994. He also taught Romanian and Romanian Culture classes at Rhodes College. After attending a Jewish Holocaust survivors gathering in Washington, D.C., in 1983, Mr. Saharovici wrote to Tennessee lawmakers with the idea of creating a Tennessee Holo-caust Commission, which became a reality two years later. I’m proud to have been a sponsor of that effort as a Tennessee state senator. Mr. Saharovici was named as a Ten-nessee Holocaust commissioner and served in that capacity for 33 years. In that position, he devoted his time to educating high school stu-dents about the horrors of the Holocaust in an effort to ensure something like it could never happen again. Mr. Saharovici was an active member of the Baron Hirsch Synagogue congregation and was a life member of its Board of Directors. Mr. Saharovici also co-founded the Jewish Historical Society and served as its second president. He also collected Passover Hagga-dahs. As Chairman of the Belz Museum of Asian and Judaic Art, he gave guided tours of the museum through the years. An avid fan of the Memphis Symphony and opera in Memphis, he served as Chairman of the Belz/Parker Ascending Concerts series and invited musicians visiting Memphis to stage concerts at LeBonheur Children’s Hos-pital, the West Clinic, Stax Museum and St. Jude Childrens Research Hospital. In 2010, Mr. Saharovici received the Jeffer-son Award for his efforts to improve society, his work educating the public about the Holo-caust and his work bringing cultural and histor-ical events to the city. Mr. Saharovici lived a storied life and con-tributed in important ways to the adopted com-munity he loved so well. I wish his friends and family my best. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF JERRY FORRESTER 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the passing of a distin-guished leader from Gainesville, Georgia, re-tired Police Chief Jerry Forrester. After serving 13 months in Vietnam as a United States Marine, Jerry Forrester returned to the states and joined the Gainesville police department in 1968. He became Chief of Po-lice in 1985 and is credited with updating the department with modern policing standards. While leading 65 officers in the police de-partment, Chief Forrester worked hard to get ballistic vests and ammunition for officers as well as to increase their salaries. At the time, officers in Gainesville had to furnish their own weapons and ammunition, and it would have cost nearly $900 per officer to outfit each member of the department with the necessary equipment. Prior to his retirement in 1991, Chief Forrester successfully reorganized the depart-ment into three divisions, each with a separate commander. This restructuring laid a founda-tion for others to follow. Chief Forrester will be remembered as a leader others tried to emulate. His dedication and integrity will ensure his legacy is never forgotten. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE NEW RA-LEIGH, N.C. HEADQUARTERS OF ADVANCED AUTO PARTS, INC. 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Advanced Auto Parts, Inc. on the recent relocation of its head-quarters to Raleigh, N.C. I am proud that for the second straight year in a row North Carolina has topped Forbes’ ‘‘Best States for Business’’ list. Our well-edu-cated workforce and low taxes continue to at-tract valuable businesses to the region from all over the world. North Carolina has cultivated one of the strongest business climates in the country and we are proud to open our doors to a wide variety of industries from retail to biotechnology. I applaud Advanced Auto Parts for its deci-sion to expand operations in our thriving Ra-leigh community and am excited for the future growth opportunities companies like these bring to North Carolina every day. 
f 
IN HONOR OF CAMERON TRAVIS GOOCH 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and recognize the life of a brave young constituent, Cameron Travis Gooch, who re-cently lost his two-year battle with a rare pedi-atric cancer. Born in July of 2008, Cameron was a thoughtful and determined individual who posi-tively affected everyone he met. He is remem-bered by his friends and family for his ‘‘old soul’’ and unrelenting kindness and courage. One of Cameron’s great loves was the game of baseball, our true American pastime. Cameron fell in love with the game at a young age, participating in Little League from the age of 4 until he turned 9—even playing games when he was undertaking cancer treatment. His love for baseball didn’t stop when Cam-eron left the field. He treasured learning about baseball’s rich history, complex rules, and fol-lowing different stats on the game’s players and teams. On August 17, 2017, Cameron ac-complished a remarkable feat when he offi-cially became the youngest player to ever join the Houston Astros. When the Astros won the 2017 World Series, Cameron celebrated the organization’s first ever World Series win with the team. Cameron also cherished having personal conversations with those he knew best, often teaching those much older than him a thing or two about how to live. He was wise beyond his years. One of Cameron’s most pressing wishes is for people to honor him by always choosing kindness—a fitting sentiment from an individual who always exemplified this often- times under practiced quality. His parents, Aaron and Emmie Gooch; sis-ter, Audrey Gooch; grandparents, Ron and Sharron Gooch, Ron Schmotzer, and Carol Gooch; paternal great grandmother, Mary Gooch; maternal great grandmother, Doris Taylor; and maternal grandmother, Sandy Williamson and many others all deeply loved and supported Cameron. While we mourn with Cameron’s family, we also celebrate his incredible life and indelible legacy. He was a joy to all who had the privi-lege of meeting him. I join his family, friends, peers and the entire Eighth District of Texas in honoring his extraordinary life and his stead-fast devotion to his friends and family. Cam-eron will be greatly missed. f 
CONGRATULATING JUDGE/ EXECUTIVE JOHNNY HOBDY 
HON. JAMES COMER 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Judge/Executive Johnny Hobdy of Allen County in the 1st District of Kentucky on his retirement after 14 years of public serv-ice. I am grateful for Judge Hobdy’s contribu-tions to Allen County and admire his leader-ship and vast influence in communities throughout the 1st Congressional District. A true public servant, he served in state government under Kentucky Governor Wallace Wilkinson. During this time, he developed a network of connections and an understanding of politics that would aid him throughout his career. Judge Hobdy has also devoted his time to improving the lives of disabled youth through his involvement with the Center for Coura-geous Kids in Scottsville, Kentucky. This non- profit organization provides children with seri-ous illnesses like cancer, sickle cell anemia, and muscular dystrophy the opportunity to ex-perience summer camp at no cost. Throughout his tenure, Judge Hobdy has also served as a Director on several local and regional boards, including the Chamber of Commerce, the Allen County Health Depart-ment, and the Barren River Area Development District. I am honored to call Judge Hobdy a friend and constituent. I join with all those he has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.005 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1619 December 10, 2018 
served in congratulating him on pursuing a lifetime of passion and service and wish him continued personal success in his retirement. 
f 
HONORING DANNY HUSTON 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Danny Huston for his contribution to our state. Danny is an institution in our state who has been dedicated to creating jobs in our commu-nity and around the countly for years. He serves as the President of North American Midway Entertainment LLC, which is headquartered in Randolph County—within the 6th Congressional District. They operate the world’s largest traveling outdoor amusement park, serving 15 million fairgoers every year. I have had the pleasure of knowing Danny personally over the past few years. To me, Danny has been a close friend and trusted ad-visor during my tenure in Congress. I want to thank Danny for his friendship and loyalty to me. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING TERRAN RENEE TYLER FOR HER POEM ENTI-TLED, DADDY, I LOVE YOU, WEL-COME HOME 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Terran Renee Tyler for her poem entitled, Daddy, I Love You, Welcome Home. Terran is from Grants Pass, Oregon, and wrote this poem after joining an Oregon Honor Flight to the nation’s capital with a group of World War II and Korean War veterans. She wrote this poem in honor of her father, SPC Tony Ryan Tyler, United States Army, and all veterans who lost their lives in service to our country in uniform. I’d like to include in the the R
ECORD the text of the poem. 
Dear Stranger, I look around and take a deep breath staring up at the sky at another sunset. The band starts to play as another flag is raised over a fallen hero’s grave. Nameless, faceless His story remains un-told—Who is this stranger who died for me at just 28 years old? What were his hopes, his dreams? What did he have to go through so I could be free? So I could make my dreams a reality? Dear Stranger, I may never know who you are, But I want to thank you from the bot-tom of my heart, For every trial that tested your strength, And for every time you’ve lost your way, Thank you for all your tears and strife, Now here I sit at the end of a very hard life, I know there are many others out there like you, And for each one this word rings true, *Hero*, For no two stories are ever the same, And you don’t even know many of these people’s names, Like you, they are strangers just the same, Nameless, faceless, Yet driven by the fear in their eyes, You chose to stand and fight, It didn’t mat-ter that you too were afraid; It only mattered what was right, A false hero wouldn’t have stayed, He wouldn’t have will-ingly welcomed the grave, Thank you all he-roes young and old, The men and the women, The living and the dead, For every one of your stories untold. For each hero, a million tears could be shed, But my dear stranger, I would rather celebrate you instead. I finish my letter and tear it up, Then I toss it to the ground, as the wind picks up, Scattering the pieces. The sky’s grown dark, And the stars are out, My dear stranger, are you up there now? Are you looking down on me, laughing, crying, smiling? Gazing out over the cemetery, I suddenly see, A million buried heroes, standing in uniform by their beds. They’re each smiling, and one by one bowing their heads. As soon as I blink though, they all fade away, Leaving one lone hero standing by a grave. He salutes and looks me hard in the eye, I run to hug him, then start to cry, The wind whispers his name in my ear, The one etched in my heart, that I’ve longed to hear. Though I know I’m really standing there alone, I can’t help but whisper, ‘‘Daddy I love you, welcome home’’. In memory of SPC Tony Ryan Tyler, United States Army. I ask my colleagues to join me today in thanking Terran for her thoughtful words rec-ognizing the sacrifice of America’s brave serv-ice members and their families. We owe them a profound debt of gratitude for their heroism in the defense of the freedoms and liberties we cherish as Americans. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD WATTENBARGER 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Donald ‘‘Don’’ Wattenbarger. This October, Don celebrated hi s 50th year of service as a member of Oildale Mutual Water Company’ s Board of Directors, marking a sig-nificant milestone in a lifelong career of distin-guished service to his community. Born in the City of Tulare in California’s Central Valley, when he was five, Don’s family moved to Bakersfield where he established roots that have lasted a lifetime. It was in Ba-kersfield where Don attended school, met and married his beloved wife, Connie, raised his four children, and made a name for himself in our local business community as a general contractor. However, Don’s most lasting impression on the Kern County community has been his longstanding role on the Oildale Mutual Water Company (OMWC) Board of Directors. First elected in 1968, Don applied his personal character and integrity, as well as the skills and talents accrued over his career as a gen-eral contractor, to revolutionize the way OMWC conducted business, starting with con-structing a new building for the company. When he was first elected to the Board of Di-rectors, OMWC struggled to pay its employ-ees, who helped service the company’s 5,000 customers. Today, OMWC employees receive lifetime company healthcare coverage and the company’s customer base has more than dou-bled to 11,000 today. This is in no small part because of Don’s leadership, and his constitu-ency agrees: as an OMWC Board member, Don has successfully been re-elected every year for half of a century. Don Wattenbarger is a shining example of exemplary public service, and it has been an inspiration to watch his leadership at OMWC over his many years of service. I recall a time when it was suggested that OMWC raise its rates to solve a $4.5 million short fall. Don re-fused to pass the buck on to his customers and resolved to work with his colleagues on the Board to solve the problem in a manner that was fair to the community. For me, this story best exemplifies the type of man Don is: responsible, ethical, and determined. It is my hope that the career Don has built these past 50 years on the board serves as an example for those seeking to serve their community, and Judy and I wish him all the best as he continues his work for many more years to come. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JEFF GEE 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Jeff Gee who is leaving the city council of Redwood City, a community he has served as a councilmember since 2009. He has also served twice as Mayor, in 2014 and 2015. However, the beginning of his public service was 20 years ago when he served on the Ar-chitectural Review Board and later on the Planning Commission. He was particularly well prepared for the city council when he entered office during that difficult year of 2009. Redwood City is growing rapidly under glob-al influences. It is also composed of young and old, many families and newly-arrived sin-gles. According to the Census Bureau, its pop-ulation has increased 15% since Jeff Gee joined the council. Box.com, Google, dozens of pharmaceutical and biotechnology startups, two major hospitals, a shipping port, and a re-gional transportation hub now fuel the city’s growth. In the downtown area, thousands of new apartments dot the landscape. During the Great Recession, the city council adopted a downtown plan that offered 20 years of plan-ning certainty to potential investors. When the economy took off, developers created 20 years of growth in less than a decade. Jeff and his colleagues on the council played a major role in shaping the modem downtown of Redwood City. On the east side of Highway 101 is a road lined with trailer parks. During his time on the council, Jeff was a strong advocate for resi-dents whose trailer parks became filled with floodwaters during severe winter storms. His advocacy led to an effort by multiple agencies to construct the Bayfront Canal project which will allow water to be accepted by the existing canal and to be funneled to an adjacent salt pond to prevent flooding of the residents. These parks, which I have personally toured, are filled with children and hardworking heads of households. They owe Jeff Gee a major vote of thanks for his efforts to normalize their lives. In addition to local advocacy, Jeff rep-resented Redwood City and San Mateo Coun-ty on numerous multi-jurisdictional and re-gional boards. Among his thousands of hours 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.009 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1620 December 10, 2018 
of public service, he can count his time on the SamTrans Board of Directors, Director and Past-Chairman of the board of the Caltrain Joint Powers Authority, and Past President of the San Francisco Airport Community Round-table. He is also a statewide leader where he currently serves as President of the League of California Cities Asian Pacific Islander Cau-cus, and on the League’s Public Safety Policy Committee. Jeff Gee is a sincere and intelligent person who can wax poetic about transit. Jeff is a transit nerd’s best friend, and I think that he’s probably never met a wheelchair lift mecha-nism that didn’t fascinate him. One could eas-ily imagine a much younger Jeff Gee running up to a neighborhood ice cream truck, order-ing an ice cream, and then closely examining the truck’s tires to determine if the depth of tread remained safe for operation of the vehi-cle. His reliability as a leader is evidenced by numerous volunteer positions that he’s held in his community over many years. He was an officer in several homeowner associations, serves on a community college advisory board, and is a board member and/or trustee for a local nonprofit and a local university. His role in the Chamber of Commerce led to him being named Citizen of the Year in 2006. Dur-ing all of this time, he’s been a senior man-ager/architect at a major construction com-pany. Redwood City’s official slogan is ‘‘Climate Best By Government Test.’’ There is also a test of dedication to a community’s future, and Jeff Gee scores an A+ on that test. I will miss him as an articulate and talented leader who went about his tasks as a community leader with little fanfare or interest in personal ag-grandizement. As he leaves the public realm to rejoin his wife, Judie, and his children Christopher and Elizabeth as a private resi-dent, he can leave office knowing that his community is thriving because he guided its evolution toward a healthy and dynamic future. 
f 
HONORING PAUL GOLDBERG OF PENNSYLVANIA FOR ACHIEVING THE RANK OF EAGLE SCOUT 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate my constituent, Paul Goldberg, for his accomplishment in earning the rank of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout is the highest advance-ment rank in scouting; only a small number of Boy Scouts earn this auspicious title. The Eagle Scout is performance-based and has high standards that have been well-maintained over the past century. To earn the rank of Eagle Scout, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are organized by myriad re-quirements and merit badges, as well as com-pleting an Eagle Scout project to benefit the community. Paul has been recognized as a valued member of Troop 105 in Hanover, PA. He has served in various leadership positions such as Patrol Leader, Quartermaster, Historian, and Librarian. His Eagle Scout project was to build a 24ft. x 24ft. paver patio with chapel wall seating and a fire pit for the Harvest Chapel in Abbotstown, Pennsylvania. I’ve long appreciated the commitment of people who demonstrate hard work and self-less devotion to serving our communities and fellow citizens. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Congressional District, I recognize and congratulate Eagle Scout Paul Goldberg on his great accomplishment and community service. I wish Paul continued success and Godspeed in his future adventures. f 
HONORING AND REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF WAYNE R. OSTE 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember the life of Wayne R. Oste. Wayne Oste was highly dedicated to the Falconer area. A devoted family man and a man of faith, he spent his life serving the com-munity where he grew up and raised his fam-ily. At the heart of his volunteerism, was his 41- year service to the Falconer Fire Department. Wayne’s dedication and experience led him to honorably serve as its chief. He was also rec-ognized as fire fighter of the year by his breth-ren. Not only was he a leader, but he stood with them and worked beside them during his tenure. Wayne will be remembered as a hero, a husband, a father, a grandfather and a friend to many. He left behind a legacy of service, leadership and community-mindedness that is a rare gift. We salute him now, and stand with his family in somber remembrance of his life, his love and his passions. I thank him for his service and pray he will rest in peace. Given the above, I ask that this Legislative Body pause in its deliberations and join me to remember the life of Wayne Oste. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GARY POLLARD 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Gary Pollard who is leaving the city council of Foster City and the governing board of the Estero Municipal Improvement District after four years, and after serving six years on the city’s Parks and Recreation Committee. Serving on a city council means being seri-ous about quality of life issues. Gary Pollard’s service illustrates his commitment to the qual-ity of life of every resident. For example, he served as the council’s liaison to the transpor-tation committee, the Chamber of Commerce, the Peninsula Clean Energy Authority and the Peninsula Traffic Congestion Relief Alliance, and the countywide library board, just to name a few. Foster City was an early adopter of the use of 100 percent renewable energy from the Peninsula Clean Energy Authority, and Gary was the one who led the city down this path to sustainability. Serving in local government also means being active in statewide associations. Gary was Foster City’s representative to the League of California Cities and he made substantial contributions as a member of the League’s Public Works Policy Committee for the past two years, ensuring that policy and legislative recommendations reflect the priorities of city residents. As an avid bicyclist, Gary focuses on mobil-ity. He participates in the community bike ride every year and has encouraged bike safety. He served on the Bicycle and Pedestrian Advi-sory Committee as a part of a local agency composed of cities, and was involved in the bicycle, pedestrian, and intersection evaluation study. Gary served twice as the city’s Vice-Mayor from 2014 to 2015 and from 2017 to 2018. Foster City’s finances are now enviable, but there was a time in his earlier years of service that difficult choices had to be made. He served on the city’s audit committee and used that position to ensure that city operations were as efficient as possible. He participated vigorously in goalsetting during budget ses-sions and explained difficult choices to resi-dents. One of those difficult choices was the need to upgrade the city’s vulnerable levee. Gary supported the bond measure and city voters rewarded his decision and that of his colleagues with a vote of 81 percent to fix the levee. Gary also took time from his busy life to coach youth sports. For twelve years he coached Little League and Pony/Colt Leagues and was President of the Foster City Youth Baseball Association. His name was added to the city’s Sports Wall of Fame in 2010. Mr. Speaker, Foster City is a planned com-munity dedicated to families and to residents who love its bayside location and ample rec-reational opportunities. Gary Pollard is a great representative of residents because, like them, he values the city’s quality of life and the tenor of the community, which is to seek a good outcome for everyone. I want to thank Gary’s wife, Christine (Chris), and his children Bryan and Marcus for their patience as Gary served the community through countless hours of council debate and volunteer efforts. As a professional, he operates his own trav-el agency. It’s been a long journey for Gary after ten years in the public spotlight. Hope-fully, the tour was as remarkable for him as it was beneficial to the residents of Foster City. He leaves the council with the goodwill of his fellow residents and our thanks for a job well done. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF CORPORAL DAVID HYRUM HIATT 
HON. JOHN R. CURTIS 
OF UTAH  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to pay tribute to the life and service of Corporal David Hyrum Hiatt. David has lived in Provo, Utah for several years and has longstanding ties to the original pioneer settlers in Utah. He enlisted in June 1955 after graduating from Brigham Young University. He was assigned to Fort Ord in Monterey, California and was discharged on July 21, 1960. During his time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.013 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1621 December 10, 2018 
in the military, Fort Ord was used as a staging location for the Korean War and other military activities in Japan, and South Pacific loca-tions. David was an outstanding example to his family, community, and country. As we mourn the passing of David, we honor the sacrifice of all who have served, and those who continue to serve, in our Armed Forces. I am grateful for the many generations of men and women who have served our country and sacrificed more than we can imagine. We should all live our lives in a way that is worthy of their serv-ice. May God bless the Hiatt Family and others who grieve, and may God bless America. 
f 
HONORING DR. THEODORE STRANGE 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Theodore Strange for his actions during the New York City Marathon. On November 4, 2018, Dr. Strange was run-ning his 25th New York City Marathon. Cross-ing the 14-mile mark, he stopped to eat some orange slices given to him by a friend on the sidelines. Resuming the race shortly after, he crossed the Queensboro Bridge and passed the 16-mile marker. It was just then when Dr. Strange heard cries for help. Kristin Elfering, an engineer from North Oaks, Minnesota, had bent over to tie her shoelaces and couldn’t get up from the ground. With his medical instincts kicking in, Theo-dore noticed that Ms. Elfering was unwell. Blue in the face, foaming at the mouth, and without a pulse, Dr. Strange immediately start-ed performing CPR and then called for a po-lice officer to bring him a defibrillator. Unre-sponsive after the first shock, he tried three more times until Kristin luckily responded with a pulse. She eventually was taken to the hos-pital with a blood clot in her artery. Not to be outdone, after saving Ms. Elfering’s life, Theo-dore actually finished the marathon in five hours and 16 minutes. For his selfless actions, Dr. Strange was honored by the New York Knicks as a community hero. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Dr. Theodore Strange for his noble actions in saving another life without a moment’s hesitation. I am proud to not only have Dr. Strange as my personal physician, but my constituent, as well. He is a true and selfless hero. 
f 
HONORING WYATT DAVID-GRIFFIN JONES OF PENNSYLVANIA FOR ACHIEVING THE RANK OF EAGLE SCOUT 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate my constituent, Wyatt David-Griffin Jones, for his accomplishment in earning the rank of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout is the highest advance-ment rank in scouting; only a small number of Boy Scouts earn this auspicious title. The Eagle Scout is performance-based and has high standards that have been well-maintained over the past century. To earn the rank of Eagle Scout, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are organized by myriad re-quirements and merit badges, as well as com-pleting an Eagle Scout project to benefit the community. Wyatt has been recognized as a valued member of Troop 174 in Newville, Pennsyl-vania. He has served in various leadership po-sitions like Senior Patrol Leader, Quarter-master, and Troop Chaplain and has achieved over 55 merit badges during his career. His Eagle Scout project was to interview, record, and create biographies of veterans who at-tended his local church, honoring and main-taining their lives for us all to remember. I’ve long appreciated the commitment of people who demonstrate hard work and self-less devotion to serving our communities and fellow citizens. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Congressional District, I recognize and congratulate Eagle Scout Wyatt David-Griffin Jones on his great accomplishment and com-munity service. I wish Wyatt continued suc-cess and Godspeed in his future adventures. f 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE LIFE OF JOHN CHRISTOPHER ‘JACK’ LUCIER 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Jack Lucier and to extend my condolences to his wife, Judy, his children and his grandchildren. Jack Lucier was born in Millbrae, California, on April 19, 1928, and died on November 14, 2018, in Menlo Park, California, having reached the age of 90. Jack was fondly known to all those who knew him as ‘First Class Jack’, a fitting sobri-quet for a kind and gracious man. A graduate of Bellarmine Prep and Santa Clara University, he joined Levi Straus in 1952. It was at Levi Straus that he met his future wife, Judy Roche, and they married in 1961. Jack and Judy soon created an interior design company which they ran for more than a quarter cen-tury. They also created a beautiful family of two daughters and two sons. Jack gave generously of his time and con-siderable talents to his community, including Sacred Heart Schools, the Menlo Park Library and Church of the Nativity. He was a golfer, a cook, a great reader, and he loved world travel. He leaves his beloved wife of 57 years, Judy; his son Daniel Lucier and wife Moira; Mary Askins and husband Mark; Anne Ashendorf and husband Michael; and Chris-topher Lucier. He also leaves his six grand-children whom he adored: John and Michael Lucier, Julia and Emily Askins, and Charlie and Molly Ashendorf. I’ve been blessed by the friendship of Jack and Judy Lucier and their family for over four decades. They are respected throughout our community as a family of deep faith, of com-munity engagement, and as contributors to the betterment of our community and our country. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in honoring the life of Jack Lucier and in extending our most sincere condolences to his entire family. He will be missed by all who had the good fortune to know him, and we are a grateful nation for all Jack Lucier did to strengthen our country by living a life of values. f 
HONORING EMMETT MICHAEL BULLA 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Emmett Bulla. Em-mett is a very special young man who has ex-emplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 495, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Emmett has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Emmett has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Em-mett has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Emmett Michael Bulla for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN DANA R. GORDON 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American and native South Car-olinian Dana R. Gordon upon his retirement after a long and distinguished service to this nation. Captain Gordon will retire this month after 29 years of service in the United States Navy. A native of Columbia, South Carolina, Cap-tain Gordon graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from Georgia Tech University in 1989. He was commissioned in the United States Navy through the school’s Naval Reserve Officer’s Training Corps (NROTC) program. He re-ceived designation as a Naval Aviator in 1991. Captain Gordon later earned an MBA from Embry-Riddle University and has completed in-residence coursework at the Harvard Busi-ness School. Captain Gordon completed his flight training in the SH–60B Seahawk Helicopter and has accumulated over 3,500 flight hours, including numerous deployments onboard CRUDES ships while serving multiple tours with Heli-copter Squadrons at HSL–40, 42, and 44 in Mayport, Florida. He has served as both Executive Officer and Commanding Officer of the HSL–42 Proud Warriors, as well as Executive Officer and Commanding Officer of the USS Iwo 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10DE8.001 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1622 December 10, 2018 
Jima. Under his leadership, both commands won multiple Battle Efficiency Awards, as well as the Secretary of the Navy Safety Award as the Navy’s safest operational fleet Squadron and Big Deck Amphibious ship. Captain Gordon was most recently assigned to Navy Region Southeast where his Emer-gency Management team has been respon-sible for the evacuation, recovery and safe re-turn of thousands of sailors and civilians after Hurricanes Matthew, Harvey, Irma and Maria. He has served as fleet pilot, flight instructor, weapons and tactics instructor and had shore duty in Millington, Tennessee, San Diego, California and on the Joint Staff at the Pen-tagon. Captain Gordon was nominated by the Navy and was selected to Diversity Magazine’s top 100 Diverse Executive Leaders. He is proud-est of the many unit, campaign, and service awards that he shares with his fellow service members and civilian counterparts throughout his many tours of duty both at sea and ashore. He will be joined at the ceremony by his mother, Mrs. Delores M. Gordon, his wife the former Rolanda Ogletree; their daughters Danielle Lauren and Reese Catharine, his sib-lings; Jule McDuffie and Valerie Hearn; and several of his close friends, among them, his college mate and Omega Psi Phi Fraternity brother Walter A. Reed and his wife Dr. Jen-nifer C. Reed. Captain Gordon’s late father, Mr. Bobby L. Gordon, played football in col-lege and for several teams in the National Football League. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my col-leagues join me in thanking Captain Dana R. Gordon for his many years of exemplary serv-ice and congratulating him on his well-earned retirement. 
f 
HONORING DOUG ROSE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Doug Rose for his contribution to our state. Doug is the President of Irwin R. Rose & Company, which owns and manages thou-sands of housing rental properties across the country. Doug is an extraordinary man who, in addition to being a successful businessman, has continually invested his time and re-sources into our state. It has been an honor to work with him in advancing our shared Re-publican principles. I have had the pleasure of knowing Doug for nearly two decades. To me, Doug has been a friend, supporter and trusted advisor during my entire tenure in Congress. We have worked particularly closely over the past year and a half. Doug is smart, hardworking and full of integrity. Simply put, Doug is a leader and person who I greatly admire. I want to thank Doug for his friendship and loyalty to me over all these years. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. HONORING DANIEL J. COWLEY HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Daniel Cowley. Daniel is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 495, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Daniel has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Daniel has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Dan-iel has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Daniel Cowley for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
EDWIN D. HILL 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a proud and lifelong IBEW member to honor the life and legacy of IBEW International President Emeritus Edwin D. Hill. I join with President Hill’s family and friends in mourning his loss. Mr. Hill dedicated his life to the labor movement and spent nearly six decades in service to working families through the Inter-national Brotherhood of Electrical Workers. It is fitting that we recognize the late Edwin D. Hill, on the floor of the House of Representa-tives, as someone who was a true leader in the organized labor movement. Mr. Hill was originally from Center Town-ship, Pennsylvania. He was a Journeyman Wireman by trade, and from a young age he made the IBEW his calling. He was a second- generation member and began his labor ca-reer in 1956 as a construction wireman, and he later became the Business Manager of Beaver County’s International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 712. Mr. Hill continued his career serving as the International Vice President for the union’s 3rd District, covering Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, and Delaware. In 1997, Hill be-came the International Secretary and shortly after became International Secretary-Treasurer when the two positions were combined. He then became President of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers in 2001, a position which he held until 2015. During his tenure as President of the IBEW, Hill implemented and pioneered new programs such as the Code of Excellence, as well as an alternate job classification program to help contractors successfully bid on projects. Fur-thermore, he pioneered business development initiatives and oversaw an expanded invest-ment in membership development, which en-sured that the IBEW could not only survive through the toughest of times but expand and grow. Mr. Hill’s dedication and hard work affirmed the legacy of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, and now the dreams of its founders are being realized by new genera-tions of electrical workers. Through his leader-ship, the International Brotherhood of Elec-trical Workers is one of the strongest and most influential unions in North America. Mr. Speaker, the late Mr. Edwin D. Hill dedi-cated his life to the organized labor movement and he ably led the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers with vision and integrity. I hope that you will all join me in honoring his life and legacy. f 
HONORING DAVE TURNER 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dave Turner, who is retiring on De-cember 10, 2018, after eighteen years of serv-ice to the City of Fort Bragg. Born in Fort Bragg at the old Coast Hospital in 1951, Dave and his family relocated to the San Francisco Bay Area in 1960. He went on to attend Stanford University where he ma-jored in ‘‘Social Thought and Institutions,’’ a political science honors program. While at Stanford, Dave opened a specialty sleep shop to help pay his way through college. The sleep shop, FloBeds, was so successful that in 1992, Dave and his wife Anne moved their family and business to Fort Bragg. They want-ed to raise their four children in a town ‘‘where the community watches out for kids.’’ Dave’s love of community drew him to pub-lic service where he proceeded to dedicate many hours as a public servant. He served two years as planning commissioner before being elected to the Fort Bragg City Council in 2002. He was re-elected in 2006, 2010, and 2014, serving sixteen years on the City Coun-cil. He served as Mayor of Fort Bragg for eight years, from 2004 to 2006 and again from 2010 to 2016. As a Fort Bragg City Councilmember, Dave served on the City’s Finance and Administra-tion Committee as well as the Public Works and Facilities Committee. He was an active member of numerous Ad Hoc Committees on the following topics: Inflow and Infiltration, Mill Site, Technology, and Town Hall Dais. Dave also served as the City’s representative to the Fort Bragg Fire Protection Authority and the Mendocino Solid Waste Management Author-ity. After eighteen years of public service, this day marks Dave Turner’s last Fort Bragg City Council meeting and his 67th Birthday. I hope you will join me in recognizing his dedicated years of service and send him best wishes on his birthday and retirement from the City Council. 
f 
HONORING HARRISON CULTON FRAWLEY 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Harrison Frawley. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.017 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1623 December 10, 2018 
Harrison is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 495, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Harrison has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Harrison has been in-volved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most no-tably, Harrison has contributed to his commu-nity through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Harrison Frawley for his accom-plishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BOB GRASSILLI 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great friend and leader, Bob Grassilli, who is departing the San Carlos City Council after serving from 2005 to 2018 and three times as Mayor. Bob’s leadership during his years in city life has left an indelible imprint on San Carlos. From 1994 to 2000, Bob served on the planning commission and struggled with some of the most vexing problems of the commu-nity. Bob served on the Railroad Land Use Committee, a temporary entity that left a last-ing impact in the form of an extensive grade separation project that now saves lives throughout the year. During his time on the council, San Carlos created a new budget process, contracted for police and fire with other agencies to save tax-payer money, ended its chronic budget defi-cits, and started new communications efforts with citizens. A major medical practice building was built and a hospital remains in the city’s future. New hotels have been constructed, in-cluding one that required the city to aggregate land and to solicit an investor. Many claimed the hotel effort would fail. Bob and his col-leagues knew better and it’s been a major success. After years of planning, major housing de-velopments are now dotting the landscape of San Carlos. These units, and others that are planned, give people a chance to live near work, to improve the environment by reducing their emissions related to commutes, and add vibrancy to the city’s thriving downtown area. Bob Grassilli supported these new units and, as a developer, had a keen eye for the bal-ance between aesthetics and the critical need to house a growing population. Bob has a conciliatory personality, but he’s not afraid to make hard choices. He voted for the controversial Holly Street restriping project which opened up an additional lane to bur-geoning traffic during commute hours. He voted to adopt a climate action plan despite the skepticism of some about whether humans play a meaningful role in global climate change. No one likes to be the one who votes to eliminate trees from a city that cherishes its landscape, but the trees were dangerous and Bob stood up for public safety. He also made countless other choices about individual hous-ing proposals, traffic lights and crosswalks, and the city’s master plan that never pleased everyone. This is leadership—the willingness to take the hits because in the long run the public deserves the choice you believe is in its best interests. One anecdote illustrates Bob’s dedication to public service. As mayor, he was alerted to a dangerous road condition that had been inad-vertently created by a city road contractor. He drove to the scene and confirmed that the intersection was dangerous. He contacted the city manager and then waited about 90 min-utes for a crew to show up to fix the problem. At the time, Bob was wearing his signature lime-green polo shirt. It served the dual pur-pose of alerting oncoming traffic—from 1000 feet away—to a road hazard and it protected Bob from being hit. Unfortunately, it also cre-ated its own hazardous road condition. Bob knows so many people in San Carlos that mo-torists and pedestrians would honk or shout out and wave to him, sometimes even con-gratulating him on his fashion choice, but they also sometimes lost track of where they were in the dangerous intersection. Thankfully no one got hurt. The insight from this anecdote is clear: Bob Grassilli dresses for success and never leaves until the job is done. In his private life, Bob is one of the Penin-sula’s consistent philanthropists. He sits on the board of one foundation and personally contributes thousands to some of our most im-portant safety net nonprofits in San Mateo County. He also participates in countywide and regional bodies focused on good govern-ance. He’s a leader who is dedicated to ensur-ing that others receive a fair shake in life through better public services and assistance when times are difficult. Bob will be challenged in retirement from public life because he will have to be satisfied by what newcomers may do. These choices may be different from his own. However, Bob is a true product of American democracy. He may disagree with any given choice and yet celebrate the outcome because it is created by the people of his community through an elected city council. A man who is satisfied with a dissatisfying result because it was fairly determined is an uncommonly wise individual and a too-rare public official in modem Amer-ica. However, this is the man who we know as Mayor Bob Grassilli, the wise man with the gavel and the model for those who cherish local government in all its glory. 
f 
HONORING ENDERCIO CHAPA, JR. 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Judge Endercio Chapa, Jr., a Justice of the Peace in Live Oak County. For 28 years, Judge Chapa prioritized the needs of Precinct 4 and approached every circumstance with a fair and open mind. Born in San Diego, Texas, and raised in Live Oak County, Judge Chapa has deep ties to South Texas. He earned his Associates de-gree in 1978 from Texas Christian University then attended Alfred Edge Real Estate School in 1980 where he earned his real estate li-cense. Finally, in 1993, Judge Chapa attended Bee County College to receive law enforce-ment training. Before becoming a Justice of the Peace, Judge Chapa worked for a time as a rancher and auctioneer. Once elected, he still made time to offer his expertise to the Texas Depart-ment of Criminal Justice and started his own successful security company. It is my hope that Judge Chapa will look back on his years of service and take pride in all he has achieved for our community. I wish Judge Chapa all the best and hope his time is well spent with his wife, Margie, and their three daughters, Claudia, Salina, and Isabella. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to represent Judge Endercio Chapa, Jr. This hardworking entrepreneur and public servant is a shining example of what the 15th District has to offer. f 
HONORING HUNTER GAGE GOODWIN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Hunter Goodwin. Hunter is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 495, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Hunter has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Hunter has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Hun-ter has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Hunter Gage Goodwin for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
ONE TEAM, ONE HEARTBEAT— KINGWOOD PARK HIGH SCHOOL VOLLEYBALL TEAM—2018 5A TEXAS STATE CHAMPIONS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for the first time in Kingwood Park High School history, the Lady Panthers Volleyball team is the Texas UIL State Class 5A Volleyball Cham-pions. Last Saturday afternoon, they defeated the number one ranked Lovejoy Lady Leop-ards in Garland in three straight sets. This was their first State appearance and first State title. Congratulations to the Kingwood Park High School volleyball team and to Kingwood. According to the team’s head coach, Kelly Miser, the girls had one goal in mind this sea-son—to win a State championship. Coach Miser is in her third season at Kingwood Park. She started her volleyball career at Humble High School. She was a 4 year Varsity letterman, team captain, and received All-Star, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K10DE8.007 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1624 December 10, 2018 
and All-Area recognition. Some say her roots run purple. She finished her degree and volleyball career at Texas A&M playing on the Aggie Volleyball team. The Aggies would say her blood runs maroon. Her team’s record is impressive. In an inter-view earlier this month, Coach Miser said, ‘‘these groups of girls play for each other; they are friends on and off the court.’’ Coach Mi-ser’s passion along with Assistant Coaches Cameron Shoffner and Kasey Price will con-tinue to guide the girls far beyond a State title. The leadership of a coach works to instill val-ues of hard work and discipline on and off the court. The community is proud of these coach-es for all their accomplishments. Congratulations to the seven seniors on this State championship team: Katey Searcy, Syd-ney Kolar, Tori Marquez, Andie Unwin, Julia Hadley, Emma Joy Omenson, and Yates Barker. Thanks for working hard and being model students in and out of the classroom for all students to follow. Congratulations to Kingwood Park’s State Championship team who will return next year to defend the title: Emma Garcia, Libby Overmyer, Avery Hill, Hallie Ryan, Citlaly Paz, Ericka Williams, Alia Williams, and Anya Arrington. Shout out to the trainers, managers, teach-ers, family and fans for the outpouring of sup-port. It was in true Panther Pride. Way to go Panthers. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING THE LAO VETERANS OF AMERICA 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise today to honor the Wisconsin Lao Veterans of America, Inc. (WLVA), an organization found-ed in 1991 to serve the Lao Veteran commu-nity in Wisconsin by advancing the opportuni-ties and recognition for those who fought in the CIA’s secret war in Laos. This organization has been instrumental in helping the Hmong-Lao veterans to adjust to life in the United States, and has shaped their experience here in Wisconsin through assist-ance in assimilation, recognition, and societal advancement. WLVA was founded in 1991 by General Vang Pao, who was the commander of the ‘‘Secret Army’’ which was conscripted by the CIA to fight against the People’s Army of Viet-nam. He was the only ethnic Hmong to be ele-vated to the position of General in the Royal Lao Army. Currently, Captain Nao Shoua Xiong of Wausau, WI leads the WLVA as their presi-dent, and has been at the forefront of assist-ing the Hmong community in all aspects of life in Wisconsin. On behalf of the residents of Wisconsin’s 7th Congressional District, I would like to thank the Wisconsin Lao Veterans of America for their service to our country and our com-munity. HONORING GARET ROSS HOLCOMB HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Garet Ross Hol-comb. Garet is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 495, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Garet has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Garet has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Garet has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Garet for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. 
f 
CELEBRATING PAT FREEMAN’S LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the guidance and out-standing leadership Mrs. Pat Freeman has brought to senior adults in 13 Northeast Geor-gia counties. Recently, the Legacy Link board recognized Mrs. Freeman for her outstanding work and dedication, as founder and Chief Executive Of-ficer, for over 20 years. She received a Life-time Achievement Award on Wednesday, No-vember 7, 2018, at the agency’s Thanksgiving luncheon. In 1997, Mrs. Freeman created the nonprofit Legacy Link Area Agency on Aging with four employees. Since then she has been assisting the aging population of our region by offering wellness programs, employment training, Medicare counseling, grant applications, and counseling for grandparents who are primary caregivers for their grandchildren. Mrs. Free-man’s team has grown to include more than 100 employees. Legacy Link serves roughly 1,300 people, and its overarching goal is to allow seniors to live comfortably in their own homes as long as possible. In addition, Legacy Link also advo-cates for quality care for seniors who live in nursing care facilities. My mother worked for Legacy Link, so I share in understanding the hard work, dedica-tion, and the importance of their mission. I cel-ebrate Mrs. Freeman’s devotion to our senior adults and wish her the best as she transitions to working part-time. HONORING DOUG MENORCA HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize a longtime friend and member of my staff, Doug Menorca, for his work in my office and his service to our state. Doug has served as my Chief of Staff throughout my entire time in Congress. His dedication to our team has been unmatched, and there’s no doubt I could not have done this job without him. As the leader of our staff, he was the glue that held our team together. Doug has also been a trusted adviser and in-credible friend to my family and me. On a personal note, words cannot express my gratitude to Doug for his help in this jour-ney. Generations ago, Harry Truman famously said, ‘‘if you want a friend in Washington, get a dog.’’ That’s a funny line, but Truman was wrong. I believe that if you want a friend in Washington, you better find a partner. And, I am proud and grateful that Doug Menorca was my loyal partner in this effort. The Messer family thanks the Menorca fam-ily for all their help through the years. We wish Doug, Diane and Sam continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
HONORING COUNCILWOMAN AND FORMER MAYOR DEBBIE LONG 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Councilwoman and Former Mayor Debbie Long on her retirement after serving on the Pinole City Council for the past ten years. Ms. Long has been a resident of Pinole for more than thirty years. Prior to her time on the City Council, Ms. Long demonstrated her com-mitment to public service. She was on the City of Pinole Design Review Board from 1994 to 1996, was a Pinole Planning Commissioner from 1996 to 2007 and served on the Pinole Assisted Living Board for many years. Ms. Long was first elected to the Pinole City Council in 2008. During her tenure she has served as mayor three times—from 2009 to 2010, from 2012 to 2013 and from 2016 to 2017. While on the Pinole City Council, Ms. Long helped accomplish numerous significant development projects for our community, in-cluding the Gateway Shopping Center, the Kaiser Medical Center, and the Pinole Valley Skate Park. She has also been heavily in-volved with the construction of the Pinole Wastewater Pollution Control Plant Upgrade project. Additionally, Ms. Long worked on the 2010 City of Pinole General Plan Update when she was on the Planning Commission and on the City Council. Ms. Long is known among her colleagues for being hard-working and well prepared. She makes sure she has done her homework and closely reviews all staff reports. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Long has been an admi-rable public servant throughout her time on the City Council. It is therefore fitting and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.023 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1625 December 10, 2018 
proper that we honor Councilwoman and Former Mayor Debbie Long here today. 
f 
HONORING BRYCE PATRICK JOHNSEN 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Bryce Johnsen. Bryce is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 495, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Bryce has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Bryce has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Bryce has also contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Bryce Patrick Johnsen for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE BLAIR OAKS FALCONS FOOTBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2018 MISSOURI CLASS 2 STATE FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Blair Oaks Falcons Football team for winning the 2018 Missouri Class 2 State Football Championship. With a perfect record of 15–0, the Blair Oaks Falcons Football team and Coach Ted LePage should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing the Blair Oaks Falcons Football team for a job well done. 
f 
PROCLAMATION OF GRATITUDE FOR DR. LARRY MASON’S SERV-ICE TO HIS COMMUNITY 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Dr. Larry Mason for his devotion and service to his community. Dr. Mason began his medical practice in 1972 in Albany, Ken-tucky, later moving to Byrdstown Medical Cen-ter (BMC) in Tennessee where he has prac-ticed since 1982. His many professional ac-complishments include, being named Chair-man of Board of Directors Livingston Regional Hospital (LRH) as well as serving for many years as Medical Director of Pickett Care and Rehabilitation. Dr. Mason made many significant contribu-tions to his community and will be greatly missed. He and his wife, Gina, reside in Liv-ingston where they attend First Baptist Church, and together have three children, Luke, Lance, and Lindy, along with several grandchildren. We honor Dr. Mason today with his family, friends, and neighbors with deep gratitude for his service. f 
HONORING MAYOR NORM YODER 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mayor Norm Yoder of Auburn, Indiana who announced his intent to retire next year. A native of DeKalb County, Mayor Yoder graduated from DeKalb High School in 1967 and received a bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering from Purdue University in 1972. Mayor Yoder then returned to his beloved DeKalb County and started several busi-nesses, including Yoder & Yoder Concrete & Construction and Auburn Skatin’ Station. He joined the Auburn Board of Public Works in 1990 and served on the Eckhart Public Library Board from 1992 to 1999. In 2000, Norm Yoder was elected by the people of Auburn to serve as mayor and has since been reelected five times. During his time in office, Mayor Yoder enacted several policies that positively impacted his fellow citi-zens. He led the revitalization of downtown into a thriving small-town commerce center and oversaw the development of Rieke Park. Mayor Yoder created Auburn Essential Serv-ices, a local provider of telecommunication services, so that the citizens of Auburn could join the information revolution. Mayor Yoder will leave Auburn a more prosperous commu-nity, and his leadership will long be remem-bered. I wish Mayor Yoder, his wife Peg and his family the very best as he moves on to the next chapter of his life. Our community will miss his leadership and dedication. 
f 
HONORING BRYANT WILDER UPON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues to join me in honor of the retirement of a longtime public servant for the Social Se-curity Administration, Deputy Regional Com-missioner Bryant Wilder. On January 3, 2019, Mr. Wilder will retire from the Social Security Administration after a career spanning thirty- eight years. Mr. Wilder began his career in 1980 as a Clerk Typist in the New York Regional Office, Disability Programs Center. Over the years, Mr. Wilder has risen through the Social Secu-rity Administration, holding many important po-sitions. In 2009, he was selected for the highly competitive Senior Executive Service Can-didates Development Program. After com-pleting the program, Mr. Wilder was promoted to Deputy Assistant Regional Commissioner for Management and Operations Support. In December 2015, he was promoted to his cur-rent position. Throughout his career, Mr. Wilder has been an impeccable leader. He led the national workgroup that helped enhance office safety throughout the country. And during an active shooter incident, Mr. Wilder courageously took action to protect his staff in the East New York Field Office. Because of his quick thinking, all of the employees were safely evacuated. I ask that my colleagues join me in honor of Deputy Regional Commissioner Bryant Wilder for his decades of service to our country. His advice and counsel will be missed. I wish him the best in his retirement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MATT GROCOTT 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the departure from public service of San Carlos City Councilman Matt Grocott. Councilman Grocott has served from 2001 to 2018, twice as mayor. During his tenure, the city has undergone enormous change. Although a small commu-nity, the city has many distinct neighborhoods and groups of residents. Through all of the changes impacting these constituencies, Matt Grocott contributed mightily to the effort to im-prove communication between the city and its residents. He regularly provided opinion pieces in local newspapers, wrote online and spoke directly with residents on their door-steps and at civic events. Everyone could count on Councilman Grocott to offer them in-formation about the public services and initia-tives being undertaken in San Carlos. The city has a new budget process that makes it much easier for residents to figure out what the city is accomplishing. Matt Grocott has supported this process and used it to explain what the city does well and where it needs to improve. During his tenure, he served on multiple joint power authorities and committees. This is not glamorous work, but these appointments help cities work together to create the greatest value for residents. Councilman Grocott served on the Airport Land Use committee, the SFO Roundtable, the governing board of the library, the Grand Boulevard Initiative to re-imagine our El Camino Real, the South County Fire Authority, the Belmont San Carlos Fire Board, several subcommittees of the City/ County Association of Governments, and mul-tiple other boards, committees and commis-sions intended to answer many quality of life issues that vex any community. Councilman Grocott has been a staunch ad-vocate for persons on fixed incomes and for taxpayers. He has often persuaded residents as to the wisdom of his viewpoint, and they re-warded him with repeated re-election and, at times, by voting as he recommended on measures on the ballot. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.027 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1626 December 10, 2018 
San Carlos is known as the City of Good Living. Its streets are more bike friendly be-cause Councilman Grocott is an avid sup-porter of bike riding for the entire family. Its trails, playing fields and parks are more enjoy-able because Matt Grocott insisted that parks have facilities as accessible as possible to all residents. His advocacy for small business is heartfelt and longstanding. He is a trusted ad-vocate for many merchants throughout the city. After many years in public service, Council-man Grocott has decided to move on to dif-ferent challenges and will also have more time to spend with his wife, Vivian, and step-son, Daniel. He will be remembered as a man who believed passionately in local government. While a community may ultimately speak with a single voice about a given subject, it takes many voices to create this result. Through long nights and difficult deliberations, Council-man Grocott contributed to governing San Carlos towards a better future. I join the com-munity in thanking him for his service and wishing him well in his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING CRAIG DUNN 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Craig Dunn for his contribution to our state. I have had the pleasure of knowing Craig for more than a decade. Craig served Howard County as the GOP Chairman for nearly my entire tenure in Congress. Although Howard County is not in my district, we have grown to become close friends and he remains a trust-ed advisor to me. Craig served the County with honor and distinction for years, and I have no doubt that our state is better off today due to his extraordinary leadership and serv-ice. I want to thank Craig for his friendship and loyalty to me over all these years. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COMMANDER PETER FLYNN 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize those men and women who con-tinue to serve this great Nation with honor— men such as Lieutenant Commander (LCDR) Peter Flynn, United States Navy. For the past year, LCDR Flynn served on my staff as a Congressional Defense Fellow. A 2004 graduate of the United States Naval Academy, LCDR Flynn is a proud Surface Warfare Officer who served onboard USS Port Royal (CG–73), USS George Washington (CVN–73), USS Thach (FFG–43), and USS Mobile Bay (CG–53). During his assignment in my office, LCDR Flynn provided senior-level input for defense, veterans, foreign affairs and intelligence matters. Additionally, he executed his work as a liaison to the constituents of Vir-ginia’s First Congressional District with distinc-tion. Furthermore, LCDR Flynn provided excep-tional support to me as a staff liaison to the House Armed Services Committee in my role as the Seapower and Projection Forces Sub-committee Chairman. LCDR Flynn dutifully provided me with guidance on what the Navy’s path forward should be in critical areas such as training, readiness, and manning. His re-cent experience in the surface community was invaluable to my work in Congress. As the Co-Chair of the Congressional Ship-building Caucus, the Co-Chair of the Navy- Marine Corps Caucus, and the Chairman of the United States Naval Academy’s Board of Visitors, I relied on LCDR Flynn to organize quarterly events with government, military, and private sector leaders. These events allowed key decisionmakers to work together for the advancement of our future Naval Officers as well as the construction and repair of the ships on which they will serve. LCDR Flynn also directly contributed to my goal of providing excellent constituent service to the people of the First District. He was re-sponsible for bringing numerous constituent in-quiries to a successful conclusion, and he le-veraged his personal and operational experi-ence in the Navy to respond to the most chal-lenging inquiries. In addition to his efforts lo-cally, LCDR Flynn took on projects with re-gional, state, and national implications, dem-onstrating his ability to view a challenge from many angles and develop innovative solutions. LCDR Flynn’s work ethic, duty to mission, and commitment to servant leadership is with-out equal. I believe that his personal drive to achieve excellence in his work has and will set a very high standard for his peers. I would also like to thank LCDR Flynn for the service and sacrifice he has made, and continues to make, both for our Nation and our great Navy. His impeccable integrity, boundless work ethic, and loyal devotion to duty earned him the re-spect and admiration of my staff and the First District of Virginia. I have no doubt that LCDR Flynn will continue to serve the Navy honor-ably and with distinction. I wish Pete and his wife Lucy the best of luck as they continue their journey together as a Navy family. It was an honor and a pleasure having Pete serve on my staff. We all can sleep soundly at night knowing that members of our all-volunteer force like Pete stand ready to defend our country and take the fight to our enemies; far away from their families and the comforts of the United States of America. LCDR Peter Flynn has done a fantastic job. Best of luck and may God bless him, his fam-ily, and all the Sailors he is charged with lead-ing. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CASPER MOBILE LITERACY PROGRAM 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the University of North Georgia faculty, students, and community vol-unteers who have been working with Gaines-ville students to improve their reading skills through the Casper Mobile Literacy Program. This program was initiated by Dr. Annmarie Jackson, an assistant professor of education at the University of North Georgia. Dr. Jack-son noticed her department had a component focused on reading but lacked a component focusing on literacy. In the spring of 2018, the program began serving around 30 students in kindergarten through fifth grade who attend Riverbend Ele-mentary School. Many of the children in the program are reading below their grade level and would not be able to attend a literacy clin-ic or obtain a tutor aside from access to the Casper Mobile Literacy Program. The program welcomes students after school on Tuesdays and Thursdays to receive support in reading and writing. Dr. Jackson and her volunteers lead the students through an engagement activity, guided reading, vo-cabulary review, and extension activities re-lated to the reading selections. I commend Dr. Jackson and the University of North Georgia faculty members, students, and community members who volunteer their time each week to help the children in our community become stronger readers. f 
HONORING AND CELEBRATING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ITHACA YMCA 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Ithaca Young Men’s Christian Asso-ciation for 150 years of service to the commu-nity. On November 23, 1868, a group of young men in Ithaca held a meeting in the Cornell Li-brary. The basement of that library would be-come the first home of the Ithaca YMCA, con-sisting of a gymnasium, baths, parlor, reading room, and offices. Since that day 150 years ago, the Ithaca YMCA has remained dedicated to their mis-sion to foster youth development, healthy liv-ing, and social responsibility. The Ithaca YMCA has a record of inclusivity, serving all young people in its community. In earlier years when other parts of the country lacked diver-sity, the Ithaca YMCA was able to boast that one out of every five members was a girl as compared to the national average of one in 15. Their engagement in the Ithaca community has been stalwart in developing character in local youths. The YMCA has been faced with adversity over its record of 150 years, con-fronted with low membership during war time and not one, but two devastating fires. Each time the YMCA has rebuilt and regrown mem-bership, bringing the community of Ithaca and Tompkins County together. We applaud the longevity of the Ithaca YMCA and wish them future success as they continue to serve our local youth. Given the above, I ask that this Legislative Body pause in its deliberations and join me in celebrating the YMCA for 150 years of dedi-cated service to the City of Ithaca and Tomp-kins County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.030 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1627 December 10, 2018 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS. GEORGIA M. GAINES 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Mrs. Georgia M. Gaines, a native of Lutcher, Louisiana and re-tired school teacher. Mrs. Gaines passed away Thursday, November 29, 2018 at the age of 96. Mrs. Gaines was born in 1922. Her parents were the late Mr. George Chriswell, an entre-preneur and insurance agent, and Mrs. Alma Berry Chriswell, an elementary school prin-cipal and education pioneer. She attended McDonald #35 High School in New Orleans, Louisiana because there were no local high schools in St. James Parish for African-Ameri-cans. In 1944, Mrs. Gaines earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Home Economics from Southern University and A&M College in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. While a student at Southern University, she was a proud member of the Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated and a student assistant to the wife of Southern University President Dr. Felton G. Clark. Upon graduation, Mrs. Gaines taught in the Lake Charles public schools. She later re-turned to St. James Parish and began teach-ing locally. In 1949, she married Mr. Leroy Gaines, a Texas transplant to the Lutcher area. After thirty years of teaching at St. James High School, Mrs. Gaines retired from the St. James Parish School System. She also worked for the State of Louisiana as an As-sistant Director of the Lutcher Day Care Cen-ter. Mrs. Gaines was an individual of vision, in-tegrity, pride in family and an endearing asset to her community. Her legacy will forever be a part of the city and her dedication to commu-nity embodies the spirit of Louisiana. We can-not match the sacrifices made by Mrs. Gaines, but surely, we can try to match her sense of service. We cannot match her courage, but we can strive to match her devotion. Mrs. Gaines’s survivors include daughters: Debora Gaines, Karen Gaines and Wanda (Danny) Manuel. Sons: Randal Gaines, Darrel (Tilda) Gaines and Daren (Vanessa) Gaines. Ten grandchildren, seven great-grandchildren, numerous nieces, nephews, cousins, including Edna Berry Anderson, and other relatives and friends, including Martha Ray Branch. She was preceded in death by her parents, George Chriswell and Alma Berry Chriswell, her hus-band, Leroy Gaines, and her granddaughter, Tene’ Lemar. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Mrs. Georgia M. Gaines. 
f 
HONORING BRIAN AND CHRISTINE BRAMMER 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Brian and Christine Brammer for their contribution to our state. We first met over a decade ago, as the Brammers were our friends and neighbors who lived two houses down from our home in Shelbyville. Brian is a CPA and a partner at Brammer & Yeend Professional Corporation, which provides accounting services to small businesses and individuals. Like me, Brian overachieved in marriage. His wife, Christine, is very involved in the local community and worked with my wife Jennifer at the local non-profit, Girls Inc. of Shelbyville. Brian also serves on the Board at Girls Inc. Brian and Christine are the proud parents of two great kids—Jack and Katie. The Brammers were among my earliest supporters in my political journey in Congress. I want to thank them for their friendship and loyalty to me over all these years. The Messer family cherishes the time we get to spend with them and wish Brian, Christine, Jack and Katie all the best in whatever God has planned for their family. f 
HONORING BROOKS CONSTRUCTION COMPANY 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brooks Construction Company of Fort Wayne, Indiana. Brooks Construction recently received the HIRE Vets Medallion Program award. The HIRE Vets program, ad-ministered by the Department of Labor, recog-nizes businesses for their commitment to re-cruiting, employing and retaining veterans. Brooks Construction was recently awarded a gold medal in the medium employer category. Brooks Construction Company was founded in 1909 by John Foster Brooks and has served our community well for over a century. Today, Brooks Construction is a leader in road construction and repair in northeast Indiana. In addition to its commitment to our veterans, Brooks Construction has supported many local charities and organizations in the greater Fort Wayne area. I applaud Brooks Construction Company for its commitment to our veterans. As a member of the House Veterans Affairs committee and a veteran myself, I am pleased to see north-east Indiana embracing the unique skills that our veterans bring to the workforce. I applaud the efforts of companies like Brooks Construc-tion to hire the men and women that have given so much to serve our nation. Congratu-lations to Brooks Construction Company and I thank them for their commitment to our vet-erans and our community. 
f 
MAY’S BREXIT DEAL IS BAD FOR BRITAIN AND AMERICA 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, our British allies are making a bad deal. The current Brexit deal that Theresa May’s government has made with the European Union could po-sition the United Kingdom as a de facto col-ony, where it is subject to EU rules but without any vote. Essentially this would be worse than Britain staying in the EU. Moreover, it could damage the strong economic ties we hold with our closest allies, meaning Americans could end feeling the sting of a bad Brexit deal. When the British people made the choice to depart from the European Union in 2016, I ap-plauded their decision. Great Britain—which has always stood apart from the continent in its traditions, politics, values, and character— has reasserted its sovereignty with the historic Brexit referendum. Membership in the EU had come at too large of a cost to Britain, and the British people have decided to determine they want to chart their own course into the fu-ture—not have it determine for them by Brus-sels. Therefore, as a steadfast ally and friend of the United Kingdom, America should sup-port their decision. The current proposal, however, could come at a cost to our economic relationship with Britain. Under Prime Minister May’s deal, there will be a two-year transition period before the UK can fully separate from the EU which beholdens Britain to EU regulations without a vote. During that time Britain will be able to negotiate new trade deals but cannot imple-ment them until 2021. This means even if the U.S. and UK sign a new free trade pact— which we absolutely should—that it will collect dust while Britain is left at the EU’s mercy. There is a chance that if the UK and EU do not agree to a new trade deal that the transi-tion period then extends thus further delaying implementation of a new trade pact with the U.S. Meanwhile, Britain’s economy suffers. America needs a strong Britain. The British people have stood by us on our most trying days and are often the first to pledge their support when we act to confront the world’s most complex challenges. There is no nation on Earth that is as indispensable to our secu-rity and prosperity as the United Kingdom. Any arrangement that potentially weakens Britain’s sovereignty or economic well-being is counter to America’s interests. For the sake of our alli-ance, this current Brexit bad deal should not go through. And that’s just the way it is. f 
HONORING KAAREN ANN STASKO 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Kaaren Ann Stasko on her retirement after twenty years of service as an Office Technician for the Fire Marshal’s Office of CalFire. Ms. Stasko was born in Oakland, California on March 21, 1942. As a child, she attended schools in Crockett, California. Ms. Stasko was the first in her family to graduate from col-lege. She took classes part-time while working full-time to earn an Associate’s Degree at the age of fifty-seven. Ms. Stasko has been a dedicated volunteer in our community since she was a child. In her youth, she was an active Camp Fire Girl, as well as a Counselor in Training Camp Gold Hollow. When her children were in high 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.035 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1628 December 10, 2018 
school, she supported the Napa High School Band and Choir as a bingo runner and a shut-tle driver at Sonoma Raceway, and continues to do so. Ms. Stasko is deeply involved with CalFire and its community. In addition to working as an Office Technician for the past twenty years, she has volunteered with CalFire in many ca-pacities. She is the Chair of the Napa County Firefighter’s Dinner, a member of the Adminis-trative Fire Services Section of CalChiefs, and a Napa County CalFire Volunteer in Preven-tion. Ms. Stasko was also a frequent volunteer at the California State Fair at Camp Smokey, worked the fireworks on the Fourth of July and volunteered at the CalFire Crab Feed. Among her friends, family and coworkers, Ms. Stasko is known for going the extra mile. She is dedicated and hardworking and always willing to help those in need. When two mem-bers of the fire department were diagnosed with cancer, Ms. Stasko frequently took them to lunch and supported and encouraged them and their families through the difficult time. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Stasko is an admirable member of our community and spends much of her time volunteering to help those around her. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Ms. Kaaren Ann Stasko here today. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE RELOCATION OF FOX FACTORY HOLDING HEADQUARTERS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a company that has acknowledged the value that Northeast Geor-gians bring to the table and is relocating its headquarters from California to Hall County, Georgia later this year. Fox Factory Holding Corp., is widely known as a leader in developing shocks on mountain bikes and on vehicles like the Ford F–150 Raptor. The company also designs and manu-factures performance-defining ride dynamics products for on-and off-road vehicles, all-ter-rain vehicles, snowmobiles, specialty vehicles, and motorcycles. Fox currently has offices in Braselton and sponsored two off-road courses at Road Atlanta last year. Fox will soon relocate its corporate head-quarters to its Braselton office. In early 2020, the company expects to have completely transitioned into a new 23-acre site at Gaines-ville Industrial Park West. Fox plans to invest up to $50 million in the facility, which will be focused on manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution. The move is expected to create up to 800 jobs and boost the local economy. From din-ing establishments to engineering and con-struction, local businesses will be positively impacted by the move. I welcome Fox Factory Holding Corp. to Northeast Georgia, and I look forward to our shared success ahead. CONGRATULATING DR. DONNA STRICKLAND AND DR. GE´RARD MOUROU ON THEIR NOBEL PRIZE IN PHYSICS HON. JOSEPH D. MORELLE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. MORELLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituents, Ms. Donna Strickland and Mr. Ge´rard Mourou, who were recently awarded the 2018 Nobel Prize in Physics for their inventions of ‘‘tools made of light.’’ Their incredible research on laser physics was done at the University of Rochester’s Laboratory for Laser Energetics, a world-class scientific insti-tution in my district, and was made possible thanks to federal support by the Department of Energy. Dr. Strickland is only the third woman to re-ceive the prize in physics, joining Marie Curie, in 1903, and Maria Goeppert-Mayer, in 1963, and is the first woman laureate in Rochester’s history. Additionally, Drs. Strickland and Mourou are now two of twelve University of Rochester students or faculty who have been recognized with a Nobel Prize. Drs. Strickland and Mourou have received this momentous award for their ground-break-ing work into the design of high-power lasers. Their discovery of ‘‘chirped-pulse amplifi-cation’’ enabled a stunning advance in laser power and paved the way for the creation of very short, intense laser pulses lasting only a fraction of a second, making it possible to build more compact and precise laser sys-tems. The ‘‘chirped-pulse amplification’’ tech-nique, first realized in their table-top terawatt, or ‘‘T-cubed’’, laser, has since been used in a variety of applications, from Lasik eye surgery to the manufacturing of materials used in smartphones. Their discovery enabled significant in-creases in the peak power of lasers by over-coming the existing limitations due to laser pulses damaging the material used to amplify them by first stretching the light pulse, ampli-fying the longer lower-power pulse, and then re-compressing the light into a short high- power pulse. Although their research was per-formed in the 1980’s, to this day, ‘‘chirped- pulse amplification’’ remains the state-of-the- art technique for generating the highest-power lasers in the world and has opened the door to new fields of inquiry, such as femtochemistly, and enabled new medical, sci-entific, and commercial applications. The Laboratory of Laser Energetics is the largest university-based research center fund-ed by the Department of Energy and is cur-rently home to 350 scientists, engineers, and staff. In addition, it is the only National Nuclear Security Agency facility with a specific mission to train graduate students in inertial confine-ment fusion, high-power lasers, and high en-ergy density physics research. In addition to being a significant source of scientific edu-cation and leadership, the Laboratory of Laser Energetics is a vital contributor to our national security and an engine of innovation and growth for the laser, optics, imaging and photonics sector which have been so impor-tant to the Rochester and Finger Lakes region. It gives me great pleasure to represent an institution and a district with such a proud and storied history of innovation. I am proud to recognize Drs. Donna Strickland and Ge ´rard Mourou for their outstanding research accom-plishments and contributions to the scientific community which have rightly earned them a Nobel Prize. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors and look forward to the con-tinued success they will achieve. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CAMERON JOHNSON 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFRONIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Cameron Johnson, a departing member of the San Carlos City Council. Cameron Johnson has served four years and made an indelible impact during his service as Mayor, Council-man and presently as Vice Mayor. He will be remembered in part for his advo-cacy on behalf of local merchants on Laurel Street, and against chain stores populating this treasured shopping district. Thanks to Vice Mayor Johnson, there will be space for local residents to establish their own busi-nesses, to offer unusual items and services, and to keep the charm of small town San Car-los alive. Vice Mayor Johnson successfully advocated for a community foundation to be established from the proceeds of a legal penalty paid by PG&E. The foundation will allow the city to re-liably fund community events and projects, through good times and bad, for decades to come. During his time in service, the council adopt-ed a downtown parking plan, saw the begin-ning of the long-planned Wheeler Plaza project and the construction of the transit vil-lage around the Caltrain station. Like his col-leagues, he contributed greatly by serving on the important boards and commissions that make crucial recommendations to the council or regional bodies about the quality of life in San Carlos. These include the San Mateo County Transportation Authority, the ABAG General Assembly, Peninsula Clean Energy, and council sub-committees such as the shut-tle sub-committee, the bond sub-committee, the economic development sub-committee, and the 2+2 City/school district sub-com-mittee. He is a strong advocate for affordable hous-ing and of ensuring that homeowners can use their property to meet the growing needs of their family. He recognizes that keeping the character of San Carlos involves more than preserving any given structure, but instead en-tails keeping opportunity alive in San Carlos for all generations that make this small town their home. During his tenure, San Carlos was hit by a wave of burglaries. Cameron Johnson’s expla-nations of police activities and his support of the public during council study sessions main-tained public trust in the efforts of the sheriff’s office to end the burglaries. While he was part of a team effort to main-tain the public’s trust during this trying time, Cameron Johnson went out of his way to ex-plain police activities while also holding the police accountable to resolve the problem. As a councilmember, Cameron excelled in his communications to residents. His charts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.039 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1629 December 10, 2018 
and verbal explanations of public policy were clear and built credibility in all public services. He strongly supported the periodic newsletter sent to all residents, explaining new initiatives around town. He readily stood at the farmer’s market and answered questions from the pub-lic. In all these communications, it may help that Cameron Johnson is also the Director of Product Innovation for Netflix. Indeed, one can readily imagine a primetime television show based upon his public service experience: The Real Councilmembers of San Carlos, featuring Bruce Willis as Mayor Bob Grassilli and Justin Timberlake as Vice Mayor Cameron Johnson. Admittedly, this is not likely to produce block-buster ratings around the country, but there may be a block or two in San Carlos where the series would be a big hit. In closing, the people of San Carlos owe Cameron Johnson a significant vote of thanks for his efforts to improve their lives. He saw a challenge and seized it with both hands, at least when his hands were not otherwise hold-ing his two children, Josephine and Ellis. We must also thank his wife, Celina, for her pa-tience as he contributed to the community. It has been my pleasure to watch Vice Mayor Johnson become an outstanding leader in San Carlos and I count him as a personal friend. He will now leave the council, but his smile, facile mind, and goodwill will be remembered for many years to come. 
f 
HONORING CRAIG SNOW 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Craig Snow for his contribution to our state. During my entire tenure in Congress, Craig has been a loyal friend and wise adviser. Craig is also a leader in Indiana’s agriculture industry, serving as an executive at Silveus In-surance Group. Our state is better off today because of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, Craig is a brother in Christ. I have appreciated his prayers and en-couragement over the years. I want to thank him for his friendship and support of my work in Congress. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. 
f 
ALFRED CLIFTON FISHER 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life, legacy and service of United States Army Veteran Mr. Alfred Clifton Fisher, of Voorhees, New Jersey in the First Congres-sional District. Mr. Alfred Clifton Fisher was born in Lawnside, New Jersey on July 1, 1936. He at-tended Lawnside public schools, then grad-uated from Haddon Heights High School. He continued his education at the Morgan State University where he majored in Economics and Military Science, was designated a Distin-guished Military Graduate as a Army Reserve Officer Training Corps. student and graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree. As a member of the United States Army, Mr. Fisher traveled to attend numerous ad-vanced Army training schools and was pro-moted several times to higher grades and as-signments, which resulted in higher level Com-mand and Staff positions in the United States, Asia and Germany. As a dedicated public servant, he served our nation during the Viet-nam Initiative. While on assignment in New York, he attended Adelphi University where he obtained his Master of Business Administra-tion degree. For his brave service to his country Mr. Fisher was awarded the Bronze Star Medal, two Meritorious Service Medals, two Joint Service Commendation Medals and two awards of the Army Commendation Medal. He also received numerous other commendations, service medals, awards, citations and letters. In 1979, after twenty-one years of service, he honorably retired from the United States Army. Upon retirement, he worked for the United States Defense Department, where he was selected by the Pentagon to attend the United States Army’s renowned Command and Gen-eral Staff College. Additionally, Mr. Fisher re-ceived a Post Graduate Certificate in Organi-zational Development from Temple University Graduate School of Business. As a lifetime member of the Mt. Zion United Methodist Church in Lindenwold, New Jersey, he served as the Co-Chairperson of Finance and Chairman of the Annual Men’s Day Com-mittee for eighteen years. In addition, he also served as a member of the Camden County Veterans Affairs, a Life Member of the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, Lawnside Post 8003 and was the Vice President of the Camden County Technical School Board of Education. In later years, he was inducted into the Voorhees Township Wall of Honor and re-ceived the Camden County Freedom Medal. Mr. Fisher most importantly cherished his family and is survived by his beloved wife Stephanie of almost fifty years of marriage, their three children; Stephen (Sarah), Renee and Allyson along with many grandchildren, great-grandchildren, beloved family and friends. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in cele-brating the life, legacy and service of Mr. Al-fred Clifton Fisher. f 
HONORING COUNCILMAN AND FORMER MAYOR TIMOTHY BANUELOS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Councilman and Former Mayor Timothy Banuelos for nine years of service on the Pinole City Council. Mr. Banuelos is a long-time resident of Pinole. He worked in the architecture profes-sion for thirty years prior to his appointment to the City Council. In 1997, he became a Cali-fornia Licensed Architect. Mr. Banuelos has been an active volunteer in our community. He is a former member of the West County Com-munity High School Board of Directors, sat on the City of Pinole Design Review Board in 2006 and was a City of Pinole Planning Com-missioner from 2005 to 2009, serving as Chairman in 2007. Mr. Banuelos was appointed to the Pinole City Council in 2009 and re-elected in 2010 and 2014. He served as Mayor from 2013 to 2014 and again from 2017 to 2018. Mr. Banuelos oversaw the completion of many community development projects during his tenure on the City Council. The projects in-cluded the Gateway Shopping Center, Kaiser Medical Center, and the Pinole Valley Skate Park. Mr. Banuelos has also been deeply in-volved with the Pinole Community Playhouse renovation and Wastewater Pollution Control Plant Upgrade. He also contributed his archi-tectural design expertise to the Welcome to Pinole Improvement project. While on the Planning Commission and City Council Mr. Banuelos worked on the 2010 Pinole General Plan Update. Mr. Banuelos is known for being level-head-ed and objective, and willing to listen to both sides of an issue. He is a diligent problem solver and works hard to preserve Pinole’s small-town atmosphere. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Banuelos has served our community admirably. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Councilman and Former Mayor Timothy Banuelos here today. f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIELLE BROWN 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise— along with Z
OELOFGREN , Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, and D
AVID CICILLINE , Ranking Mem-ber of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Re-form, Commercial and Antitrust Law—to thank Danielle Brown for her service to the Judiciary Committee. She is leaving the Judiciary Com-mittee to serve as General Counsel and Par-liamentarian of the Committee on Ways and Means. As we will outline shortly, our loss is their gain. Danielle has served in a remarkable range of positions over the course of her career on the Judiciary Committee. Growing up in Hun-tington Woods, Michigan, she first joined the Committee in November 2001 after graduating from the University of Michigan and working in the personal office of Rep. John Conyers, Jr. She left in May 2006 to obtain her law degree at Georgetown University, and returned to the Committee in 2008 after law school to serve as Counsel. She went on to serve as a Parlia-mentarian for the Minority, and later added the title of Chief Legislative Counsel and, eventu-ally Deputy Chief Counsel, overseeing the Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Se-curity and the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, as well as our clerk and whip teams. We do not know of any other individual who has served in more positions within the Judiciary Com-mittee. During her time on the Committee, Danielle has been a passionate advocate for justice. From her work on reproductive choice, refu-gees, and sex-trafficking to immigration re-form, competition policy and arbitration, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.042 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1630 December 10, 2018 
Danielle has been on the front lines of the Committee’s search to promote and improve justice, equal rights, and the lives of ordinary and under-privileged people. Her analysis and advice have been indispensable whether the Committee engaged in oversight or considered legislation. Although Danielle was deeply involved in al-most every single piece of Committee busi-ness over her years here, there are several areas in which she showed particular passion and enthusiasm. In her position overseeing the Immigration Subcommittee, she was a dogged defender of immigrants’ rights. From comprehensive immigration reform to pro-tecting Dreamers and those with Temporary Protected Status to reform of the EB–5 pro-gram for immigrant investors, Danielle tire-lessly fought to strike the right balance be-tween opposing sides. Her counsel helped the Committee shed light on harmful administra-tive policies and prevent anti-immigrant bills from becoming law. She provided similarly ex-cellent counsel in her oversight of the Sub-committee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law. There, she earned a well- deserved reputation as a staunch defender of the public interest, open and fair markets, ac-cess to justice, and the rule of law. Beyond these specific responsibilities, Danielle has been intimately involved in many aspects of the Committee’s operation. This has included helping the Committee organize each Congress, assisting Members and staff develop amendments for markups, reviewing Member memos for hearings and markups, drafting memos for the Ranking Member, help-ing to prepare Democratic dissenting views, assisting in the preparation of amendments and statements for the Rules Committee, pre-paring previous questions and motions to re-commit, and drafting and reviewing statements for legislation and amendments on the floor. She also served as a liaison to Leadership, Majority staff, outside advocacy and non-profit groups, and the Administration. She also of-fered considerable instruction and creativity to fellow staff, and was a calming influence when supervising difficult or contentious matters. Danielle also was able to work across the aisle on a variety of bills. Her hard work and dedication earned her respect and admiration of Members and staff alike. We have appreciated and benefited from Danielle’s energy, enthusiasm, and insight over her time on the Committee. We wish Danielle Brown the very best in her future en-deavors and thank her for her outstanding service to the Congress, the Judiciary Com-mittee, and our country. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. KEVIN THOMAS KOELEWYN 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today alongside my colleague, D
EVIN NUNES , to rec- ognize the life and service of Kevin Thomas Koelewyn, a teacher, mentor, and long-time advocate for agricultural education. Mr. Kevin Koelewyn was born on March 26, 1966 in Hanford, California. The City of Han-ford is located in California’s San Joaquin Val-ley, one of the most agriculture-rich areas in the world. The area seemed to leave a lasting impression on Kevin, as he dedicated his life and career to this community and agricultural education. An educator for nearly thirty years, Mr. Koelewyn was widely known for his role as an agriculture teacher with Tulare Joint Union High School District. His involvement spread far beyond the classroom. He was active in Future Farmers of America (FFA), coaching numerous students for FFA public speaking competitions. His expertise in coaching made him nationally known in the FFA community; and he was given the responsibility of over-seeing their national public speaking competi-tion as a result. While his experience and accomplishments made him one of the most respected teachers in the area, it was his mentorship to students and fellow educators that set him apart. Countless former students have expressed the lasting impact Mr. Koelewyn’s mentorship had on their lives. His ability to inspire students far beyond their perceived potential was often mentioned. Kevin extended that mentorship to young agricultural teachers, helping them get settled into new jobs and preparing them for success. Mr. Koelewyn was also dedicated to com-munity service and was a long-time youth baseball coach in his hometown of Hanford. Whether in the classroom, at FFA competi-tions, or attending sporting events, Kevin was passionate about inspiring the next generation to reach their full potential in life. While he was passionate about his career and service, Kevin’s greatest loves were God, family, and friends. He had a deep relationship with the Lord, which guided the entirety of his life. He loved and cherished his wife, children, parents, and the rest of his family. He was a dedicated friend who was there to help in challenging times. Sadly, on Sunday, November 4, 2018, Kevin Koelewyn passed away. Although he left us far too soon, Kevin made a lasting, positive impact on the people he knew. Kevin is sur-vived by his wife Maxine, their three children, Madlyn, Audra, and Kaleb, his parents Thom-as and Sharon, and his sister Kristin. Kevin Koelewyn left his community a far richer place, and for that we are blessed. He was a loving husband, caring father, inspiring mentor, and dedicated educator. There is no doubt he will be deeply missed . Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me and Mr. NUNES in honoring the life of Kevin Thomas Koelewyn. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends in this difficult time. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 125TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE FALCONER VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to com-memorate the 125th anniversary of the Fal-coner Volunteer Fire Company. In 1893, the taxpayers of the village of Fal-coner agreed upon the necessity of fire pro-tection for their community and voted to ap-propriate one thousand dollars for the pur-chase of fire equipment. The Falconer Fire Company originated with the creation of the Hose Company and a hand-drawn hose cart that was stored in a barn for the modest price of one dollar per month. From these humble beginnings, the Fal-coner Fire Company has grown over the years in order to continue to meet the safety needs of its community. Established in 1970, the Vol-unteer Rescue Squad provides essential Emergency Medical Technician services to the Falconer area. In 2010, the Fire Company ex-panded to include a Junior Firefighter pro-gram, providing youths in the community an opportunity to learn from current volunteers. Today, the Fire Company is made up of 60 volunteer firefighters. They work to keep their community safe, responding to nearly four hundred calls each year. We commend their dedication to their community and their volun-teer service. One hundred and twenty-five years of serv-ice to the community is certainly a cause for celebration. I congratulate the Falconer Volun-teer Fire Company for their impressive record of hard work and look forward to many more years of them keeping our community safe. Given the above, I ask that this Legislative Body pause in its deliberations and join me to celebrate the Falconer Volunteer Fire Com-pany’s 125 years of service. f 
RECOGNIZING G. LINCOLN M CCUR-DY AND THE TURKISH COALI-TION OF AMERICA FOR RECEIV-ING THE 2018 GUSI PEACE PRIZE 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. G. Lincoln McCurdy, the presi-dent of the Turkish Coalition of America (TCA) who received the 2018 Gusi Peace Prize. TCA, founded by noted Turkish American Dr. Yalcin Ayasli, is an educational, public, chari-table organization headquartered in Wash-ington, D.C. whose mission is to educate the general public about Turkey and Turkish Americans and voice their opinions on critical issues to interested parties by supporting peo-ple-to-people exchanges, educating Congress about Turkish American perspectives; pro-moting balanced dialogue on U.S.-Turkey rela-tions, and building bridges between the Turk-ish American community and other heritage communities. The Gusi Peace Prize Foundation is based in Manila, Philippines and annually recognizes individuals and organizations working toward the attainment of peace and respect for human life and dignity. I congratulate G. Lincoln McCurdy and the Turkish Coalition of America for receiving the 2018 Gusi Peace Prize. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.046 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1631 December 10, 2018 
HONORING DEVIN AND SHELBY ANDERSON 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Devin and Shelby An-derson for their contribution to our state. Devin serves as the President and CEO of E&A Industries and has helped the business grow from a regional company to an inter-national conglomerate. He also has served in a number of political and governmental leader-ship positions in the Republican Party, includ-ing as Chief of Staff to Indiana Congressman David McIntosh and U.S. Senator Dan Coats. There is no doubt that our state is better off today due to his extraordinary leadership and service. I’ve had the pleasure of knowing Devin and Shelby for more than two decades. I first met Devin when we were both working for Con-gressman David McIntosh in Washington. Devin and Shelby are a couple of my favorite people who I have met along this journey. They are serious people who don’t take them-selves too seriously. Despite their many suc-cesses, they both understand the importance of putting faith and family first. I want to thank Devin and Shelby for their friendship and loyalty to me over all these years. I wish them continued success in all that God has planned for their family. 
f 
HONORING COUNCILWOMAN MAUREEN TOMS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Councilwoman Maureen Toms for her three years of service on the Pinole City Council. A Pinole native, Ms. Toms was exposed to public service at a young age. Her father served on the Pinole City Council and was the Mayor from 1964 to 1965. Prior to her appoint-ment to the City Council, Ms. Toms was a Planning Commissioner for the City of Pinole and the Land Use Planner for Contra Costa County. She also served on the Amber Swartz Park Development Committee from 1994 to 2006. Throughout her tenure, Ms. Toms was instrumental in securing grants for the park. Upon her appointment to the Pinole City Council in 2015, Ms. Toms became involved with numerous different development projects for the city. She was active in the Gateway Shopping Center project, the Sprouts project, and the Landscape Improvement Project. She has also worked on the Pinole Wastewater Pollution Control Plant Upgrade project. Addi-tionally, Ms. Toms was heavily involved with the Planning Commission on Pinole’s 2010 General Plan Update. Among her colleagues, Ms. Toms is known for being hard-working and for her commit-ment to community service. In addition to her work on the City Council, Ms. Toms has served on the Down Syndrome League Board of Directors and has volunteered as a Special Olympics Coach. She has received numerous awards for her service to Contra County and the City of Pinole, including the Contra Costa Woman of the Year award. Mr. Speaker, Ms. Toms is an admirable leader who is dedicated to serving our com-munity. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Councilwoman Maureen Toms here today. f 
CELEBRATING THE OPENING OF THE NEW LANIER TECHNICAL COLLEGE CAMPUS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the opening of the new Lanier Technical College campus. In the words of Dr. Ray Perren, ‘‘This cam-pus was built not only for the students of 2018 but for those who choose technical education in 2078.’’ The new campus includes six build-ings for technical education instruction, an economic development and campus support building, instructional building, and an adminis-trative building and student center. Lanier Tech’s new campus was specifically designed to serve students by offering flexible training requirements, workforce training, and appropriate skills for an evolving job market. The $150–million campus will be open for classes in January 2019 and will accommo-date more than 5,000 students, nearly dou-bling Lanier Tech’s current capacity. This will, undoubtedly, improve upon their stellar job placement rate. Throughout the nation, communities have grown tired of paying astronomical prices for degrees that quickly become outdated. A tech-nical education provides stability in an ever- changing economy, in industries that regularly create meaningful career opportunities. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate this investment in technical education for our local community, and I look forward to the positive impact this will have throughout Northeast Georgia. 
f 
HONORING EARL GOODE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to recognize Earl Goode for his contribution to our state. Earl is an institution in Indiana and has de-voted his career to helping improve the lives of our fellow Hoosiers. We worked together with Governor Daniels to enact school choice legislation that has given low-income families across the state better educational opportuni-ties. After working for Governor Daniels, Earl served as the President of Indianapolis Capital Improvement Board of Managers and now serves as the Chief of Staff for Governor Hol-comb. It has been an honor to work with Earl, and I know our state is better off today be-cause of his extraordinary leadership and service. On a personal note, I have had the pleasure of knowing Earl for nearly two decades. Sim-ply put: Earl Goode is my friend and mentor. I want to thank him for his friendship, wise counsel and loyalty to me over all these years. I wish him continued success in all that God has planned for his family. f 
PROTECTING THE CRIME VICTIMS’ FUND: A RARE GEM 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when most Americans think about the federal government, they tend to think about the political gridlock and bureaucratic red tape that has increas-ingly made good governance difficult. But once in a blue moon, a unique and effective idea can emerge out of the Washington swamp, and the creation of the Crime Victims’ Fund is a perfect example of one of those rare occurrences. Prior to being elected to Con-gress, I served as a prosecutor and Judge in Houston, Texas for 30 years. During that time, I learned firsthand how important it is to pro-tect and help restore the most vulnerable in our society. Upon arriving in Washington after my election and learning about the Crime Vic-tims’ Fund, I knew how special the idea was, and I was determined to protect and expand it. In 1984, President Reagan signed the Vic-tims of Crime Act or VOCA into law, thus cre-ating the Crime Victims’ Fund. Back then, this Fund was a novel idea. Convicted federal fel-ons pay fees and fines into the Fund, which then helps pay for services to restore victims of crime. The Fund helps pay restitution to vic-tims; it allows domestic violence shelters, rape crisis centers, and other organizations to keep their doors open; and it pays for a wide array of services that crime victims need, from rape kits to beds in a shelter. I want to be clear: this is not taxpayer money. This Fund allows criminals to pay for the harm that they’ve caused. In other words, it’s like criminals pay-ing rent on the courthouse. At the end of FY2016, the Crime Victims Fund had a balance of more than $12 billion. Unfortunately, this money—billions of dollars— has been used as an offset for other unrelated programs. I understand the attraction of using a program of this size to help offset other items under the budget, but it is still com-pletely inappropriate. These are non-tax dol-lars. To ensure that the Fund is protected and used correctly, every year Rep. J
IMCOSTA (D– CA) and I have introduced the Crime Victims’ Fund Preservation Act. This bill creates a ‘‘lockbox’’ to ensure that money in the Fund cannot be used for any purpose other than crime victims’ programs authorized under the VOCA statute. Since its creation, the Fund has been a life-line for victims, offering them the resources and assistance they need to recover and re-build their lives. This money should never be subject to the politics or gridlock that often de-rails or hampers other federal programs. The Fund is a rare Washington D.C. gem, a pro-gram that serves victims of crime while not being a burden on the American tax-payer. We must work to preserve this Fund and en-sure it is protected for the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.050 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1632 December 10, 2018 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MICHAEL P. GUINGONA 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Michael P. Guingona for his remarkable 25 years of dedicated service on the Daly City City Council, including five terms as Mayor. Mike has worked continually to improve the quality of life for all Daly City residents while also raising a family, maintaining a full-time public defender career, and coaching wrestling and judo. Mike was the first Filipino-American elected to the council in 1993 and then re-elected to four consecutive terms. In 1995, at age 33, he became the youngest Mayor in Daly City’s his-tory. Born in San Francisco and raised in Daly City, Mike attended Westmoor High School and Skyline College. He earned his B.A. in History at the University of California Los An-geles and then his JD at the University of San Francisco School of Law. Soon after, he was hired as a Deputy Public Defender in San Francisco. Mike’s interest in local government grew after he finished law school. He saw the rapid growth and demographic changes in Daly City. The population grew from 40,000 to over 100,000 and by 2000, the Filipino-American community accounted for almost one third of the city’s population. After being elected to the council, Mike con-tinued his full-time work as deputy public de-fender in the San Francisco Public Defender’s Office. In 1999, he established his own law firm on Mission Street in Daly City. He is a member of the State Bar of California, the Bar Association of San Francisco, and the Filipino Bar Association of Northern California. During his tenure on the council, Mike served on the SamTrans Board of Directors for ten years, and on the San Mateo County Transportation Authority for eight years. He represented Daly City’s interests as an ap-pointed member of the Bay Area Water Sup-ply and Conservation Agency (BAWSCA) served as board chair for North County Fire Authority, and served on the Pre-Hospital Emergency Medical Services Board of Direc-tors. Among Mike’s top priorities and passions are health and fitness. He supported a resolu-tion adopting a city-wide wellness policy and initiated legislation to fight second-hand smoke. He also made a pledge that I believe no other council member has duplicated. He rode his bike on every street in Daly City to raise awareness for health and safe bike routes. For many years he was a judo coach at Cahill’s Judo Academy in San Bruno and a wrestling coach at Terra Nova High School. He is a Mixed Martial Arts Judge for the Cali-fornia State Athletic Commission, Director of Operations and Coach for the Wrestling Asso-ciation of the Philippines, and a swim instruc-tor and certified personal trainer working with employees at Google and YouTube. While Mike will retire from the city council, he will continue his interest in everything Daly City, many of his athletic activities and his work as an attorney. Mike is looking forward to spending more of his freed-up time with his wife Jackie and son Kai who is a member of the Philippine National Wrestling Team which Mike is coaching. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-atives to join me in thanking my long-time friend and colleague Mike Guingona for his outstanding and dedicated public service to the residents of Daly City. His likeability, charm and optimism have been assets as he represented Daly City in many positions. He beautifully reflects and advances the spirit and character of his beloved home town. I join the community in wishing him the best in all of his future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING KOESTERS BODY & FRAME SHOP 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Koesters Body & Frame Shop of Fort Wayne, Indiana. Koesters Body & Frame Shop recently received the HIRE Vets Medallion Program award. The HIRE Vets pro-gram, administered by the Department of Labor, recognizes businesses for their commit-ment to recruiting, employing and retaining veterans. Koesters Body & Frame Shop was recently awarded a gold medal in the small employer category. Koesters Body & Frame Shop was founded in 1970 by Steve Koester and has grown into a thriving body and frame business. Today, Koesters is a leader in automotive repair and body work in northeast Indiana, with over 50 employees and a state of the art facility. I applaud Koesters Body & Frame Shop for its commitment to our veterans. As a member of the House Veterans Affairs committee and a veteran myself, I am pleased to see north-east Indiana embracing the unique skills that our veterans bring to the workforce. I applaud the efforts of companies like Koesters to hire the men and women who have given so much to serve our nation. Congratulations to Koesters Body & Frame Shop, and I thank them for their commitment to our veterans and our community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHUCK CARPENTER 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Chuck Carpenter for his 36 years of service and leadership with the Denton Cham-ber of Commerce. Chuck first arrived in Denton as a recent Baylor University graduate, and joined the Denton Chamber to launch and lead the Den-ton Convention & Visitors Bureau (CVB) as its first director. In this role, Chuck was tasked with promoting the City of Denton and bol-stering tourism. In 1982, Chuck was selected to be the President of the Denton Chamber of Commerce. He has remained at the helm ever since as a steady figure for the community. During his 36 year tenure as president, Chuck has been a major player as Denton has grown to our current population of more than 137,000 citizens. This growth included the re-location of Peterbilt’s Divisional Headquarters and dozens of other businesses that comprise the strong employment base of the city. Chuck established the joint Chamber-City Office of Economic Development to continue the work in drawing employers to the City and launched to first official relocation guide to assist these companies and their employees in becoming a part of the community. Chuck supported community interests and awareness by starting the Small Business De-velopment Center, Adopt-a-School and the creation of the Discover Denton Welcome Center on the Square. He engaged the com-munity in civic and community matters through Denton County Days in Austin, the DC Fly-In and his Chamber Action column in the Denton Record Chronicle. He also launched Leader-ship Denton, the Small Business Development Center and Women in Business to better en-gage both current and future leaders. In addi-tion, he sought to recognize leaders and com-munity milestones through the Volunteer of the Year Award and the celebration of both the 75th and 100th Chamber anniversaries. For more than 36 years, Chuck has been an institution to leaders representing business, in-dustry, non-profits, and elected office. Chuck’s daily community presence, his wisdom, and community knowledge will be sorely missed as he moves into retirement. On behalf of the 26th District of Texas, I extend my sincere thanks to him for the impact he has made, and wish him and his family the very best. f 
HONORING GREG AND DENISE PENCE 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on behalf of the entire 6th Congressional District of Indiana, to congratulate Congressman-elect Greg Pence on his election victory. Greg will be an outstanding Congressman for Indiana’s 6th District and will fight for work-ing Hoosiers every day. Greg is a lifelong 6th District resident, an accomplished small busi-nessman, a family man and a veteran U.S. Marine Corps officer. Like me, Greg overachieved in marriage. He and his wife Denise are proud to call Colum-bus home. They have raised their family, built a business and continue to create jobs in the 6th District. I thank Greg and Denise for their continued service and look forward to all they will accomplish for the 6th District in Con-gress. On a personal note, Greg Pence is my friend. I would like to thank Greg for many years of loyal friendship, candid advice and wise counsel. I could not be prouder to call him our next Congressman for Indiana’s Sixth District. Without a doubt, Greg Pence is Ready to Serve, Again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.054 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1633 December 10, 2018 
HONORING CAPTAN ANDREA KAMAN 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, December 10, 2018 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, today I proudly recognize Captain Andrea Kaman of the United States Army for her extraordinary dedi-cation to duty and service to our Nation. Cap-tain Kaman will soon transition from her cur-rent assignment as an Army Congressional Li-aison in the House of Representatives to at-tend Army Intermediate Level Education at Ft. Belvoir and return to duty as an Army Human Resources Officer. A native of Wakonda, South Dakota, Andrea attended the University of Wyoming on an ROTC scholarship, commissioning as a Distin-guished Honor Graduate in December of 2007. Captain Kaman has held numerous leadership and staff assignments, including a deployment to Iraq with the 12th Combat Avia-tion Brigade, and company command in the 369th AG Battalion at Fort Jackson, SC. In 2016, Andrea joined my staff as a De-fense Fellow. Her first-hand knowledge of the military and its culture was a tremendous ben-efit to my office. She is a thoughtful, intelligent and dedicated leader who quickly became a trusted member of my team. Following her time in my office, Andrea served throughout the 115th Congress as a Congressional Liai-son in the United States Army House Liaison Division. As a primary liaison between fifty- seven Congressional Members, their staffs, committees, and the Army, she provided in-sight and understanding of Army policies, ac-tions, operations, and requirements. Due to her exceptional planning abilities, agility, and attention to detail, Andrea was selected to co-ordinate numerous high profile engagements on behalf of Army Senior Leaders and to es-cort Members and staff on over twenty fact- finding and oversight delegations around the world. Mr. Speaker, it has been an absolute pleas-ure to work with Andrea during her time as an Army Congressional Liaison Officer in the House of Representatives. On behalf of a grateful Nation, it is my honor to recognize the selfless service and sacrifice of Captain An-drea Kaman, her husband Drew, and their children Elizabeth and Jacoby. I wish them the very best as they continue their journey in the United States Army, in service to our Nation. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, De-cember 11, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s record. MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
DECEMBER 12 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine implica-tions of China’s presence and invest-ment in Africa. SR–232A Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps readiness. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine S. 2395, to amend title 54, United States Code, to authorize the provision of technical as-sistance under the Preserve America Program and to direct the Secretary of the Interior to enter into partnerships with communities adjacent to units of the National Park System to leverage local cultural heritage tourism assets, S. 2895 and H.R. 5613, bills to designate the Quindaro Townsite National His-toric Landmark, S. 3291, to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, S. 3439 and H.R. 5532, bills to re-designate the Reconstruction Era Na-tional Monument as the Reconstruc-tion Era National Historical Park, S. 3468, to amend the Wild and Scenic Riv-ers Act to designate segments of the Nashua, Squannacook, and Nissitissit Rivers as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 3505, to pro-vide for partnerships among State and local governments, regional entities, and the private sector to preserve, con-serve, and enhance the visitor experi-ence at nationally significant battle-fields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War, S. 3527 and H.R. 5585, bills to extend the authorization for the Cape Cod National Seashore Ad-visory Commission, S. 3533, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to des-ignate certain river segments within the Wood-Pawcatuck watershed as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 3545, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to improve home health pay-ment reforms under the Medicare pro-gram, S. 3571 and H.R. 5420, bills to au-thorize the acquisition of land for addi-tion to the Home of Franklin D. Roo-sevelt National Historic Site in the State of New York, S. 3646, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to accept certain properties in the State of Mis-souri, S. 3609 and H.R. 801, bills to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National His-toric Trail, S. 3659, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’, H.R. 1220, to es-tablish the Adams Memorial Commis-sion to carry out the provisions of Pub-lic Law 107–62, H.R. 3607, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to estab-lish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System, H.R. 3961, to amend the Wild and Sce-nic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Kissimmee River and its tribu-taries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the In-terior to conduct a special resource study to determine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birth-place of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System, H.R. 5706, to es-tablish the Pearl Harbor National Me-morial in the State of Hawai’i and the Honouliuli National Historic Site in the State of Hawai’i, H.R. 6077, recog-nizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York, H.R. 6599, to modify the application of temporary limited appointment regulations to the National Park Service, and H.R. 6687, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to manage the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California con-sistently with Congress’ long-standing intent to continue to authorize work-ing dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values. SD–366 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine China’s non- traditional espionage against the United States, focusing on the threat and potential policy responses. SD–226 Committee on Rules and Administration Business meeting to consider S. 1010, to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide additional responsibilities for the Register of Copyrights. SR–301 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold closed hearings to examine United States force posture in the Indo-Pacific region. SVC–217 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the missing and murdered, focusing on confronting the silent crisis in Indian country. SD–628 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Border Security and Im-migration To hold hearings to examine transnational cartels and border secu-rity. SD–226 Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 DECEMBER 13 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. S–116 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A10DE8.059 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1634 December 10, 2018 
DECEMBER 19 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine a compara-tive look at competition law ap-proaches to monopoly and abuse of dominance in the United States and European Union. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M10DE8.000 E10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1252 Monday, December 10, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7373–S7388 Measures Introduced: Five bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3732–3736, S. Res. 718, and S. Con. Res. 59.
                  Pages S7385–86 
Measures Reported: S. 3191, to provide for the expeditious disclosure of records related to civil rights cold cases, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–424)
                                                              Page S7385 
Muzinich Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Sec-retary of the Treasury.
                                     Pages S7375–82 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 55 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 256), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S7379 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, December 11, 2018, with all post-cloture time on the nomination expiring at 11:30 a.m.
          Page S7388 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S7384–85 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S7385 Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7386–87 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: Additional Statements: Authorities for Committees to Meet:
        Page S7388 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—256)
                                                                Page S7379 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:49 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, De-cember 11, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7388.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Thomas McCaffery, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Lisa M. Schenck, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Military Commission Review, both of the Department of Defense, and William Bookless, of California, to be Principal Deputy Administrator, National Nuclear Security Administration, Depart-ment of Energy, and 220 nominations in the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 7227–7246; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 145 and H. Res. 1172–1174, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H9819–20 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9821–22 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1552, to preserve open competition and Fed-eral Government neutrality towards the labor rela-tions of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1068); H.R. 6893, to amend the Overtime Pay for Pro-tective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exception through 2019, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–1069); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE8.REC D10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1253 December 10, 2018 
H.R. 3593, to amend the Wilderness Act to au-thorize U.S. Customs and Border Protection to con-duct certain activities to secure the international land borders of the United States, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1070, Part 1); H.R. 5727, to establish the San Rafael Swell Western Heritage and Historic Mining National Conservation Area in the State of Utah, to designate wilderness areas in the State, to provide for certain land conveyances, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–1071); and Conference report on H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–1072).
                                                                   Page H9819 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Culberson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9769 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:27 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H9772 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H9774 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Big Bear Land Exchange Act: H.R. 5513, amended, to provide for an exchange of lands with San Bernardino County, California, to enhance man-agement of lands within the San Bernardino Na-tional Forest;
                                                        Pages H9774–75 
Preserving America’s Battlefields Act: H.R. 6108, amended, to provide for partnerships among State and local governments, regional entities, and the private sector to preserve, conserve, and enhance the visitor experience at nationally significant battle-fields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War;
                                                             Pages H9775–76 
George W. Bush Childhood Home Study Act: H.R. 3008, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of the George W. Bush Childhood Home, located at 1412 West Ohio Avenue, Midland, Texas, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 382 yeas to 4 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 427;
                                  Pages H9776–77, H9803–04 
Directing the Secretary of the Interior to annu-ally designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’: H.R. 6118, amended, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’;
                                                   Pages H9777–78 Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to annually des-ignate at least one city in the United States as an ‘American World War II Heritage City’, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                        Page H9778 
Offshore Wind for Territories Act: H.R. 6665, amended, to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to apply to territories of the United States, to establish offshore wind lease sale require-ments, to provide dedicated funding for coral reef conservation;
                                                         Pages H9778–81 
Urging the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the historical significance of Roberto Clemente’s place of death near Pin˜ones in Loı´za, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places: H. Res. 792, amended, urging the Secretary of the Interior to recognize the historical significance of Roberto Clemente’s place of death near Pin˜ones in Loı´za, Puerto Rico, by adding it to the National Register of Historic Places, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 385 yeas to 1 nay with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 426;
                                  Pages H9781–82, H9802–03 
Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self- Determination Act Amendments: S. 245, to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self De-termination Act of 2005;
                              Pages H9782–89 
Commercial Engagement Through Ocean Tech-nology Act of 2018: S. 2511, amended, to require the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere to carry out a program on coordinating the assessment and acquisition by the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration of unmanned maritime systems, to make available to the public data collected by the Administration using such sys-tems;
                                                                        Pages H9790–92 
Secret Service Overtime Pay Extension Act: H.R. 6893, amended, to amend the Overtime Pay for Pro-tective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exception through 2019; 
                                                                                    Pages H9792–94 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exception through 2020, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H9794 
Amending title 38, United States Code, to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal cemeteries: S. 2248, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide certain burial benefits for spouses and children of veterans who are buried in tribal ceme-teries.
                                                                 Pages H9794–H9802 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE8.REC D10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1254 December 10, 2018 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:32 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H9802 
Amending the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 7213, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. 
                                                                                    Pages H9804–06 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium Land Transfer Act: S. 825, to provide for the con-veyance of certain property to the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alas-ka.
                                                                             Pages H9789–90 
Senate Referrals: S. 2679 was held at the desk. S. 3561 was held at the desk. S. 7 was held at the desk. S. 1942 was held at the desk. S. 2276 was held at the desk. S. 2343 was held at the desk. S. 2597 was held at the desk. S. 3119 was held at the desk. Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H9773–74. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9802–03 and H9803–04. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:57 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
REVIEWING INTERNATIONAL CHILD ABDUCTION Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Re-viewing International Child Abduction’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
FARM BILL Conferees agreed to file a conference report on the differences between the Senate and House passed versions of H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023. NEW PUBLIC LAWS (For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1249) 
S. 140, to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard. Signed on December 4, 2018. (Public Law 115–282) H.R. 606, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–283) H.R. 1209, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 901 N. Francisco Av-enue, Mission, Texas, as the ‘‘Mission Veterans Post Office Building’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–284) H.R. 2979, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 390 West 5th Street in San Bernardino, California, as the ‘‘Jack H. Brown Post Office Building’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–285) H.R. 3230, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 915 Center Avenue in Payette, Idaho, as the ‘‘Harmon Killebrew Post Office Building’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–286) H.R. 4890, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9801 Apollo Drive in Upper Marlboro, Maryland, as the ‘‘Wayne K. Curry Post Office Building’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–287) H.R. 4913, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in Salisbury, Maryland, as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–288) H.R. 4946, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1075 North Tustin Street in Orange, California, as the ‘‘Specialist Trevor A. Win’E Post Office’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–289) H.R. 4960, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 511 East Walnut Street in Columbia, Missouri, as the ‘‘Spc. Sterling William Wyatt Post Office Building’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–290) H.R. 5349, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Ave-nue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’. Signed on De-cember 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–291) H.R. 5504, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Build-ing’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–292) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE8.REC D10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1255 December 10, 2018 
H.R. 5737, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–293) H.R. 5784, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wis-consin, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’. Signed on Decem-ber 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–294) H.R. 5868, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Ave-nue in Ashland, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Of-fice’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–295) H.R. 5935, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palm-er Post Office’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Pub-lic Law 115–296) H.R. 6116, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Al-fred Asch Post Office’’. Signed on December 6, 2018. (Public Law 115–297) H.J. Res. 143, making further continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2019. Signed on December 7, 2018. (Public Law 115–298) S. 2152, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for assistance for victims of child pornog-raphy. Signed on December 7, 2018. (Public Law 115–299) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower, to receive a closed briefing on recent Chinese and Russian naval activities, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities and Exchange Commission, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Courtney Dunbar Jones, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine Customs and Border Protection, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Defense’s Artificial Intelligence Structure, Investments, and Applications’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, hearing entitled ‘‘Discussion Draft: The 21st Century Transportation Fuels Act—Discussion Draft’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Imple-menting the 21st Century Cures Act: An Update from the Office of the National Coordinator’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘RAY BAUM’S Act: A Bipartisan Foun-dation for Bridging the Digital Divide’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the Impact of FASB’s Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) Accounting Standard on Financial Institu-tions and the Economy’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, hearing en-titled ‘‘Transparency and Accountability: Examining Google and its Data Collection, Use, and Filtering Prac-tices’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Intergovernmental Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining ‘Backdoor’ Spending by Federal Agencies’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to hold hearings to examine religious freedom in Eurasia, 10:45 a.m., SD–106. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of December 11 through December 14, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, post- cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 11:30 a.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: December 11, Sub-committee on SeaPower, to receive a closed briefing on recent Chinese and Russian naval activities, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. December 12, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold hearings to examine implications of China’s presence and investment in Africa, 9:30 a.m., SR–232A. December 12, Subcommittee on SeaPower, with the Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE8.REC D10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1256 December 10, 2018 hold hearings to examine Navy and Marine Corps readi-ness, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. December 12, Subcommittee on Readiness and Man-agement Support, to hold closed hearings to examine United States force posture in the Indo-Pacific region, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: De- cember 11, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities and Exchange Commission, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: December 12, Subcommittee on National Parks, to hold hearings to ex-amine S. 2395, to amend title 54, United States Code, to authorize the provision of technical assistance under the Preserve America Program and to direct the Secretary of the Interior to enter into partnerships with commu-nities adjacent to units of the National Park System to leverage local cultural heritage tourism assets, S. 2895 and H.R. 5613, bills to designate the Quindaro Townsite National Historic Landmark, S. 3291, to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, S. 3439 and H.R. 5532, bills to redesignate the Reconstruction Era National Monument as the Reconstruction Era National Historical Park, S. 3468, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Nashua, Squannacook, and Nissitissit Rivers as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 3505, to provide for partnerships among State and local governments, regional entities, and the private sector to preserve, conserve, and enhance the visitor experience at nationally significant battlefields of the American Revolution, War of 1812, and Civil War, S. 3527 and H.R. 5585, bills to extend the authorization for the Cape Cod National Seashore Ad-visory Commission, S. 3533, to amend the Wild and Sce-nic Rivers Act to designate certain river segments within the Wood-Pawcatuck watershed as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 3545, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve home health payment reforms under the Medicare pro-gram, S. 3571 and H.R. 5420, bills to authorize the ac-quisition of land for addition to the Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site in the State of New York, S. 3646, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to accept certain properties in the State of Missouri, S. 3609 and H.R. 801, bills to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National Historic Trail, S. 3659, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to annually designate at least one city in the United States as an ‘‘American World War II Heritage City’’, H.R. 1220, to establish the Adams Memorial Commis-sion to carry out the provisions of Public Law 107–62, H.R. 3607, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services provided in units of the National Park System, H.R. 3961, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Kis-simmee River and its tributaries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, H.R. 5005, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to de-termine the suitability and feasibility of establishing the birthplace of James Weldon Johnson in Jacksonville, Florida, as a unit of the National Park System, H.R. 5706, to establish the Pearl Harbor National Memorial in the State of Hawai’i and the Honouliuli National Historic Site in the State of Hawai’i, H.R. 6077, recognizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York, H.R. 6599, to modify the application of temporary limited ap-pointment regulations to the National Park Service, and H.R. 6687, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to man-age the Point Reyes National Seashore in the State of California consistently with Congress’ long-standing in-tent to continue to authorize working dairies and ranches on agricultural property as part of the seashore’s unique historic, cultural, scenic and natural values, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: December 11, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Courtney Dunbar Jones, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: December 13, business meeting to consider pending calendar business, 10 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Indian Affairs: December 12, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the missing and murdered, focusing on confronting the silent crisis in Indian coun-try, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: December 11, to hold an oversight hearing to examine Customs and Border Protec-tion, 10 a.m., SD–226. December 12, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine China’s non-traditional espionage against the United States, focusing on the threat and potential policy responses, 10 a.m., SD–226. December 12, Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration, to hold hearings to examine transnational cartels and border security, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. Committee on Rules and Administration: December 12, business meeting to consider S. 1010, to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide additional responsibilities for the Register of Copyrights, 10 a.m., SR–301. Select Committee on Intelligence: December 12, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, December 12, Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Security Clearance Processing Status Report’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, December 12, Sub-committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Public Private Partnerships for Federal Energy Management’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. December 12, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Availability of SAFE Kits at Hospitals in the United States’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, December 12, Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Evaluating the Effectiveness of the International Fi-nancial Institutions’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, December 12, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Development, Diplomacy, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE8.REC D10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1257 December 10, 2018 Defense: Promoting U.S. Interests in Africa’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. December 13, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Nigeria at a Crossroads: The Upcoming Elections’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, December 12, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Hearing for the Antitrust En-forcement Agencies (Federal Trade Commission’s Bureau of Competition and the Department of Justice’s Antitrust Division)’’, 2 p.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, December 12, Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘Federal Information Technology Acquisition Reform Act (FITARA) Scorecard 7.0’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. December 13, Subcommittee on Healthcare, Benefits and Administrative Rules; and Subcommittee on Govern-ment Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring Alter-natives to Fetal Tissue Research’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. December 13, Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Nonprofit Organi-zations: A Case Study on the Clinton Foundation’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, December 12, Full Committee, markup on General Services Admin-istration Capital Investment and Leasing Program Resolu-tions, 10 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, December 12, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Is VA Ready for Full Imple-mentation of Appeals Reform?’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, December 13, Full Committee, business meeting to consider Honoring the Memory of Damon P. Nelson; adopting the Commit-tee’s Activity Reports; and transmitting an Unclassified Committee Report to the Intelligence Community for Review and Comment, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Decem-ber 11, to hold hearings to examine religious freedom in Eurasia, 10:45 a.m., SD–106. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D10DE8.REC D10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1258 December 10, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, December 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, post- cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 11:30 a.m. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, December 11 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Banks, Jim, Ind., E1625, E1627, E1632 Black, Diane, Tenn., E1625 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1618 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1632 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E1621 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1618, E1630 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1618, E1624, E1626, E1628, E1631 Comer, James, Ky., E1618 Curtis, John R., Utah, E1620 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1621 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E1624 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1621 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1623 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1621, E1622, E1622, E1623, E1624, E1625 Holding, George, N.C., E1618 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1622 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1633 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1617 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1625 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E1619 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1619, E1622, E1624, E1626, E1627, E1629, E1631, E1631, E1632 Morelle, Joseph, D., N.Y., E1628 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E1629 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E1622, E1629 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1625 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1620, E1621 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1623, E1627, E1631 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1620, E1626, E1630 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1627 Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E1617 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1617 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1619, E1620, E1623, E1625, E1628, E1632 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1617, E1624, E1627, E1629, E1631 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1630 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1619 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1626 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:10 Dec 11, 2018 Jkt 089060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D10DE8.REC D10DEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST