Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5025 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 2018 No. 97 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 12, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable W
ARREN  D
AVIDSON to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
PROTECTING COVERAGE FOR PREEXISTING CONDITIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, last Thursday, June 7, the Attorney Gen-eral of the United States, Jeff Sessions, announced that: ‘‘After careful consid-eration and with the approval of the President of the United States,’’ his lawyers joined the State of Texas in Federal Court in a lawsuit to strike down standing provisions of the Afford-able Care Act that protect patients from being denied health insurance coverage because of preexisting med-ical conditions. This stunning announcement was made despite the fact that Congress has not, and I repeat, has not repealed this part of the law, which is right here, page 1 of the Affordable Care Act, and despite the fact that President Trump and the Republican leaders have repeatedly promised to leave this sec-tion of the law alone. The President, in his 2017 State of the Union said: ‘‘First, we must ensure that Americans with preexisting condi-tions have access to coverage.’’ Speaker RYAN: ‘‘We are on a mission to make sure that everyone has access to affordable healthcare, especially those with preexisting conditions.’’ The Representative who is the chair-man of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee that writes healthcare laws stated: ‘‘We’ve talked about the protec-tion for those with preexisting illnesses for the last year, and we’re not going to budge either.’’ Thursday’s announcement by Presi-dent Trump’s Attorney General to at-tack preexisting condition protections as unconstitutional, and the deafening silence over the last 5 days in the wake of that announcement from GOP lead-ers in the House, shows that all those heartfelt comments and words were nothing more than crocodile tears. From day one, the push to repeal the Affordable Care Act with no meaning-ful replacement, and last week’s latest attack, shows this President and his political allies in Congress just plain don’t care about the millions of Ameri-cans who struggle with medical condi-tions that they have no control over. Mr. Speaker, this issue is not just a Washington, D.C., political squabble. It is not just a courtroom battle between lawyers. It goes to the heart of whether we, as a Nation, will join the rest of the developed world to treat all Ameri-cans for disease, accidents, and chronic illness in a fair and just manner. Here are the facts. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, up to 133 million Americans have conditions that insurance compa-nies, using the old rules of medical un-derwriting, defined as preexisting con-ditions, conditions like diabetes; can-cer; high blood pressure, which I have; epilepsy; MS; Parkinson’s; stroke, to name just a few. Again, this is the list that insurance companies use to screen people for whether or not they would actually deny them coverage at all, no matter how big a subsidy or no matter how much money you had to pay. Last year, during the debate on re-peal, I heard from constituents in my district who benefited from the Afford-able Care Act protections, like Michelle from Killingworth who said: ‘‘Before the ACA, I tried to buy afford-able health coverage, but I was turned down by major insurance companies due to preexisting conditions.’’ Patricia from Old Saybrook: My adult daughter has a chronic disease that costs over $10,000 every 6 weeks to treat. Our insurance is a godsend. Richard from Killingworth, a 63-year- old former educator who sustained TBI in an accident and was treated for pros-tate cancer: ‘‘Thankfully, due to the Affordable Care Act, I have been able to access healthcare that I need.’’ Michele from Preston, she and her husband rely on ACA coverage. This decision by the Attorney Gen-eral last Thursday cannot and must not stand, and the voters in November will remember if this body does not act to protect people, their health cov-erage, for preexisting conditions. 
f 
SINGAPORE POWWOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, end-ing the nuclear threat in North Korea 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.000 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5026 June 12, 2018 
is within our reach. The maximum- pressure campaign has demonstrated some clear successes in pushing North Korea to the negotiating table and pausing its nuclear and missile tests. This is serious progress, and if we maintain our focus on disarming Kim Jong-un, we can end this horrific dan-ger. President Trump made history as the first United States President to meet with the leader of North Korea. I ap-plaud President Trump for prioritizing the North Korean challenge, which has major global implications beyond just our own security. The Singapore Summit is the first step toward the complete denuclearization of the North Korean peninsula. North Korea has pledged their commitment to work toward this agreement. President Trump also reached an agreement to complete the recovery of United States’ Korean war dead in the Korean Peninsula. This is, without a doubt, historic progress. I urge the White House to stand firm on ‘‘complete, verifiable, and irrevers-ible’’ disarmament of North Korea. While this progress is promising, we must proceed with caution. This is not the first time the United States has at-tempted negotiations with this tyran-nical state. In the aftermath of these preliminary negotiations, many questions do re-main. Will China and Russia hold firm on their commitments of applying sanc-tions to North Korea? China and Russia have continuously undermined our ef-forts against a range of global bad ac-tors. Will a traditional nuclear deterrence work with North Korea? If North Korea is able to produce nuclear weapons and use them to hold the world hostage and blackmail its neighbors, the world will become less safe. North Korea has played the United States for decades. Those days are over. President Trump has made this clear to Kim Jong-un. We cannot afford the same mistakes that were made with the Iranian nu-clear deal to provide relief to a regime that would spread terror and chaos with whatever money is earned from sanctions relief. No more billions of American dollars secretly given to a rogue regime in the darkness of night on an isolated airstrip, like our Gov-ernment did with Iran. We all want to disarm this evil re-gime, but giving concessions for the sake of ending the nuclear threat car-ries its own risk and moral dilemmas. Ensuring that Kim is able to hold on to power and continue to enslave his peo-ple presents massive problems. It seems to me that Kim’s goal is to remain in power. He does not want the same fate as Muammar Qadhafi. There are other issues that need to be resolved. The regime still possesses a massive chemical, biological, and conventional arsenal that is capable of mass murder and destruction. The re-gime still desires to reunify the Korean Peninsula under its rule. The regime still provides weapons technology to other bad actors like Iran and Syria. The regime is still the number one abuser of human rights in the world. Whatever outcome is achieved in fur-ther negotiations, we must not forget who we are dealing with. The Kim dy-nasty is historically a brutal regime that remains a state sponsor of terror. We made the mistake of removing this label, believing North Korea negotiated in good faith. As we learned, they lied. Any agreements must have the most stringent verification safeguards. We must preserve the presence of United States forces in South Korea and the South China Sea. International inspec-tors should have access to all sites in North Korea, no side deals, no holds barred. Any indication of weakness by us or our allies will embolden the regime. Complacency has always been our en-emies’ best friend. Expectations for fu-ture talks must remain realistic and vigilance sustained. We still face many challenges ahead. North Korea must know they have no option but to change its ways. If we up-hold our commitment to a peaceful and free world in steadfast alliance with our allies, we will overcome whatever challenge North Korea throws at the world. The ‘‘Singapore Powwow’’ is the be-ginning of a realization for North Korea that they must denuclearize and move forward as a peaceful nation. I urge the President to be strong, be strong, of good courage, and bold in dealing with Kim. We are on a path to-ward an unprecedented agreement, and the United States must not waver in our demand of complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization by North Korea. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
THE DEVASTATING NATIONAL EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, every day, day in and day out, more than 115 Americans die from overdosing on opioids. We are in the midst of a dev-astating national epidemic that does not discriminate by geography, age, in-come, education, or race. I have heard from families who have lost loved ones to this epidemic. I have talked to the first responders who are on the front lines. I have talked to the doctors who treat the patients and the victims of this disease. I have talked to community leaders about the impact this epidemic is having in their com-munities, in our States, and across our Nation. So today, I rise encouraged that this House, this week, is finally poised to take action to address the addiction and abuse hurting so many of our com-munities. This week, we will vote on several bills that, among other things, seek to provide communities with needed resources to fight the epidemic, crack down on dangerous synthetics coming into our Nation, and improve care available to our veterans. Among these, I am pleased that the House is voting on two specific meas-ures I have cosponsored. The Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act would create centers pair-ing treatment and recovery services to-gether with community engagement. The Preventing Overdoses While in Emergency Rooms, or the POWER Act, would increase the coordinated care op-tions available for patients who have survived an overdose. These people, in particular, need more than just naloxone. They need extended treat-ment and support to overcome their addiction. This epidemic is a crisis. We, as a country, as a body, need to act. I urge my colleagues to support these meas-ures as we work to turn the tide, and I hope that we can continue to build on the bipartisan progress we are making in the days ahead. f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF DR. SAM SHULTZ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Sam Shultz for his 40 years of service to Arkansas children at the Arkansas Children’s Hospital in Little Rock. As a former member of the Children’s Hospital Board of Direc-tors, it is a special pleasure for me to recognize Dr. Shultz for his recognition as a champion for Arkansas children. He mentored and taught many of our pediatricians who are currently prac-ticing in Arkansas. Throughout his ca-reer, Dr. Shultz worked with the Ar-kansas State Department of Health and the Department of Pediatrics to hold clinics in rural areas of our State. These clinics were primarily for chil-dren with health complications whose families had trouble traveling to Little Rock. He also assisted in writing various Arkansas public health regulations, such as checking newborns for thyroid conditions and also increasing the number of nurses in our schools. After decades of service to our Na-tion’s youth, Dr. Shultz retired earlier this year. My congratulations on an in-credible career, and best wishes for his future pursuits. 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF MR . TOM FOTI  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of a man who has had an indelible impact on conserva-tion and preservation throughout Ar-kansas, Mr. Tom Foti. Tom is retiring at the end of this month, after serving as the Arkansas National Heritage Commission’s senior ecologist for over 2 decades. Tom dedicated his life to answering the call to serve the outdoors. From 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.006 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5027 June 12, 2018 
publishing ‘‘The Natural Divisions of Arkansas’’ to giving numerous edu-cational programs for schools and the general public, he lived his life to serve our Natural State. In 1976, he became the director of Ar-kansas Ecology Center, the organiza-tion he had volunteered for as a youth. Tom’s service to the State of Arkan-sas and to the environmental conserva-tion area will never be forgotten, and I join all Arkansans in congratulating my friend Tom on a remarkable career and a well-deserved retirement. 
MOUNT VERNON -ENOLA HIGH SCHOOL  
CYBERSECURITY TEAM  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Mount Vernon-Enola High School cybersecurity team for their second place win in the Air Force Association’s National Youth Cyber Defense Competition. I would also like to personally recog-nize Catherine Holland, who is the STEM teacher, and introduced the pro-gram to the school. b1215 The CyberPatriot National Youth Cyber Education Program was created in 2009 by the Air Force Association, to motivate students toward careers in cybersecurity. This is the first year the school has had a team in the competi-tion. The team consisted of five students: Lincoln Collins, Ty Wilson, Chandler Honeycutt, Gavin Harper, and Maddock Davis. The group was 1 of 5,584 teams that registered for the competition. The group showed dedication to the competition by practicing in the after-noons and on Saturdays. I congratulate Mount Vernon-Enola High School’s team and wish them much continued success in the years to come, both in school and in their fu-ture careers. 
RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF STACY  
MCADOO  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and recognize the accomplishments of Stacy McAdoo, a speech communica-tions teacher at Little Rock Central High School. Stacy was recently named the Little Rock School District 2018 Teacher of the Year. In addition to teaching com-munications, Ms. McAdoo coordinates the important college readiness pro-gram, designed to help all students de-velop the skills they need to be suc-cessful in college. As a result of her hard work, Stacy was also awarded the Marian G. Lacey Educator of the Year Award, a top award within the Little Rock School District. Stacy McAdoo’s commitment to edu-cation is one all Americans and Arkan-sans can admire. I am proud to rep-resent her and all of the teachers of central Arkansas who are making a dif-ference in the lives of our young peo-ple. HONORING THE LIFE OF SERGEANT JULIUS E. MCKINNEY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor today to rise in memory of Army Sergeant Julius E. McKinney, who paid the ultimate sac-rifice while defending our Nation dur-ing the Korean war. Sergeant McKinney was a member of the Heavy Mortar Company, 32nd In-fantry Regiment, 7th Infantry Divi-sion. While engaged in heavy battle at the Chosin Reservoir in North Korea on December 2, 1950, Sergeant McKinney became unaccounted for and was later declared missing in action. Many years after the Korean war, permission to excavate burial sites in the areas where fighting occurred around Chosin Reservoir led to the re-covery of human remains. More years would pass before the use of DNA tech-nology would help unite families with their loved ones. Eight years ago, re-tired Mississippi State Guard Colonel Bill Huff, Sergeant McKinney’s neph-ew, submitted DNA samples along with two relatives to the United States Army. In March 2018, Sergeant McKinney’s remains were identified. ‘‘For 67 years, we waited for answers,’’ Mr. Huff said. ‘‘It has been so hard for all of us in the family. It was hardest on our uncle’s youngest sister, Effie. For years, she would not eat much for fear her broth-er was starving. She would remove the bed cover at night because she worried that her brother was shivering some-where.’’ On Wednesday, June 6, 2018, members of the Patriot Guard Riders escorted members of the family to the Memphis International Airport to bring Ser-geant McKinney’s remains to Corinth, Mississippi. Friends and loved ones at-tended the funeral. Interment was held at the Corinth National Cemetery. Ser-geant McKinney was buried with full military honors. ‘‘We are so grateful that DNA tech-nology helped us find Uncle Julius,’’ Mr. Huff said. ‘‘We will share our story with the public every chance we get in hopes that others will not give up on the search for their loved ones.’’ Joyce Tanner, Sergeant McKinney’s niece, expressed her gratitude in a written tribute to her uncle. ‘‘We are thankful the U.S. Army did not aban-don their search for you until they were able to find and identify portions of your body after 67 years,’’ Mrs. Tan-ner wrote. ‘‘They have pieced together records and information that has brought a sense of rest and peace to our hearts, minds, and souls, and to them, we are forever grateful for their diligent efforts.’’ Sergeant McKinney’s awards include: the Purple Heart; National Defense Service Medal, Korean Service Medal, United Nations Medal, and the Combat Infantryman’s Badge. Sergeant’s McKinney’s service will always be remembered. It is through the blood of our patriots that we are free. We will never quit searching for our warriors. We encourage families with MIAs to go through the process and give DNA, or whatever else that we ask, so that we can find your warrior and bring them home when possible. On the eve of the historic meeting in North Korea, I also want to recognize all of our brave men who died at the Chosin Reservoir and in the breakout to fight back to the 38th parallel from there. Heavily outnumbered and outgunned, these brave men fought in the most extreme of weather condi-tions, and against a numerically supe-rior enemy. They never gave up on America, and we will never give up on America and never give up on this world. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JUDGE CHARLES D . 
THOMAS  
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I want to rise and rec-ognize my friend Judge Charles D. Thomas, who died recently and who was a great mentor and friend to me. Judge Thomas was a former military member and served as a company com-mander in the Mississippi Army Na-tional Guard. He was a graduate of Marion Military Institute, the Univer-sity of Alabama, and he also graduated from the University of Mississippi School of Law, or Ole Miss Law. Judge Thomas was the judge that swore me in when I started practicing law. But he was more than just a judge. He was a mentor and a friend, and I want to acknowledge all that he did to help me become successful. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BILLY ‘‘DOG’’ BREWER  
Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a former Ole Miss football coach, Billy ‘‘Dog’’ Brewer, who also passed away recently and was great friends with Judge Thomas. Coach Brewer was always loved by his players. He was a fighter and he got the best out of all of his players all the time. He took Ole Miss back to a bowl that they won for the first time in 13 years in 1986, and took them to mul-tiple other bowl games, including a Gator Bowl in 1990. On this day, I would just like to rec-ognize the contributions that Coach Billy ‘‘Dog’’ Brewer made to the Uni-versity of Mississippi, and the great State of Mississippi. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. C
URTIS ) at 2 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.003 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5028 June 12, 2018 
PRAYER Rabbi Steven I. Rein, U.S. Air Force, Arlington National Cemetery, Arling-ton, Virginia, offered the following prayer: Sovereign of the universe, the Psalm-ist proclaims: ‘‘How majestic is Your name upon all the Earth,’’ and won-ders, ‘‘What is humanity that You should be mindful of us?’’ We stand in awe before the beauty and majesty of Your work. We are humbled in a world so vast and a hu-manity so diverse You breathe Your spirit into each individual soul. Almighty God, bestow Your wisdom and strength upon these Members of the House of Representatives to dream big, securing the future of this great Nation. May you also grant this distin-guished body the courage and compas-sion to dream small as they represent the distinct needs of their constitu-ents, ever mindful of the citizens they serve. As Irving Berlin did 100 years ago, we pray that God bless America, and, I would add, may God uniquely bless each and every one of us. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDY CHU) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. JUDY CHU of California led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
COMBATING THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank my colleagues in the House for standing up and recognizing that we must get serious about the opioid epidemic that is plaguing America. In 2016, more than 42,000 Americans died from opioid overdose, almost 5,000 in Florida alone. We can no longer be satisfied with lip service about this problem. Over the next 2 weeks, we will be vot-ing to crack down on the flow of dan-gerous synthetic drugs through our postal system and strengthen support systems for those who are battling ad-diction. We will give our law enforcement the tools they need to get these drugs out of our communities and increase med-ical research on alternatives to opioid pain medication. Police and commu-nity leaders in my district have made it clear: They need our help. It is time to tackle the opioid epi-demic head-on, and I believe we are fi-nally committed to doing exactly that. I urge all my colleagues to support these bipartisan bills. f 
CONGRATULATING THE 2018 NBA CHAMPION GOLDEN STATE WAR-RIORS (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleague, our Leader P
ELOSI , to congratulate the 2018 NBA cham-pions, my home team, the Golden State Warriors. Now, on Friday, the world watched as the Warriors swept the Cleveland Cava-liers and claimed their third NBA title in 4 years. Led by two-time MVP Steph Curry and two-time NBA Finals MVP Kevin Durant, the Warriors have ce-mented their dynasty in NBA history. The team is an example for young people, showing that if you can work together, you can accomplish any-thing. These finals against the talented Cleveland Cavaliers were a thrill to watch. We saw basketball at its best, incredible talent, and a real passion from both sides. Thank you to the Warriors for mak-ing our dreams of another champion-ship a reality. This remarkable team has made history as one of the best ever. I want to extend my thanks to Coach Steve Kerr for his tremendous leader-ship, as well as the entire Warriors or-ganization. Today, the bay area is celebrating our remarkable team in my beautiful City of Oakland, as in Oaktown, and I know that my late mother, Mildred Massey, who was a loyal Warriors fan, is smiling down on us. Go Warriors. Go Oakland. Go Dub Na-tion. POSTAL SERVICE HONORS AMER-ICAN WARRIORS FROM WORLD WAR I WITH A NEW STAMP ‘‘TURNED THE TIDE’’ (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the United States made the critical dif-ference in the war to end all wars, World War I. The American doughboys turned the tide to victory in favor of the Allies in 1918, but victory was costly. More Americans gave their lives in the hell-ish trench warfare than in the wars of Korea and Vietnam combined. Now, 100 years later, Americans will be reminded of the courage and sac-rifice of our doughboys with each letter they write. At the end of this month, the United States Postal Service will release a new stamp commemorating the 100th anniversary of American vic-tory in World War I. The stamp depicts a soldier of the American Expeditionary Force, one of 4 million young men who answered our Nation’s call to ‘‘go over there.’’ As George Cohan wrote: ‘‘They didn’t come back till it was over, over there.’’ Mr. Speaker, this stamp serves to honor the millions of doughboys who fought during the Great War, because the worst casualty of war is to be for-gotten. And that is just the way it is. f 
CELEBRATING A NEW AMERICAN DYNASTY, THE GOLDEN STATE WARRIORS (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I am very delighted to join my colleague from the bay area, Congresswoman B
ARBARA  L
EE, in wearing the blue and the gold to celebrate the new American dy-nasty, the Golden State Warriors. On Friday, as you probably know, the Warriors swept the great team, the Cleveland Cavaliers, led by LeBron James—what a magnificent athlete— making the victory all the more sweet to secure the 2018 NBA championship, the Warriors’ third title in 4 years. This historic achievement secures Golden State’s position as not only the best team in the sport, but as an ex-traordinary force in ushering in a new era of professional basketball and transforming the future of the sport. The Golden State Warriors are dis-tinguished by both their talent and their extraordinary teamwork. The 2018 Warriors played with exceptional chemistry and intuitive brilliance on the court, dazzling America with their true strength in numbers. Steph Curry, Draymond Green, Klay Thompson, MVP twice in a row Kevin Durant, played with extraordinary skill, strength, and determination, each making history in their own way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.007 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5029 June 12, 2018 
Golden State continues to make the bay area and America proud with their leadership, both on and off the court. Led by the extraordinary Coach Kerr— indestructible, he is—the Warriors honor our American values of equality, fairness, and respect for all with their words and their actions. It gives me great pride to be a mem-ber of Dub Nation. Right, Congress-woman L
EE? We are members of Dub Nation, and I extend my invitation to the Warriors. Joining Congresswoman L
EE, who represents Oakland, we join in extending an invitation to the War-riors to once more come to the Capitol to celebrate this historic accomplish-ment. On behalf of San Francisco, I extend well-deserved congratulations to the Golden State Warriors. 
f 
TAX REFORM IS WORKING FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. FERGUSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because, after 6 months, it is clear that tax reform is working for the American people. Since President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law in De-cember, we have seen Americans reap the benefits of a growing economy. The numbers don’t lie. Here are just a few of the things that we have seen in the last 6 months: 1 million jobs have been created; the un-employment rate is at its lowest point in 18 years; and consumer confidence is at its highest point in over 17 years. The naysayers can continue to claim that tax reform isn’t working for ev-eryday Americans, but, given these numbers, I find that hard to believe. In reality, tax reform is helping America be the best place in the world to do business, and I look forward to con-tinuing to work here in the House with my colleagues to give all Americans the opportunity to succeed in this thriving economy. 
f 
NATIONAL WORLD BLOOD DONOR DAY (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, millions of Americans donate blood each year. Every 2 seconds, someone in America needs blood, and one person’s blood do-nation can save as many as three lives in a crisis. A single car accident victim could require as many as 100 pints of blood. But it can’t be manufactured; it can only come from volunteer donors. Blood donors help patients of all ages, whether they are burn victims, cancer patients, or transplant recipi-ents. My friend and my colleague S
TEVE SCALISE needed as many as 20 pints of blood on the day that he was shot nearly a year ago. In fact, he is hosting a blood drive this week, and I would encourage all those who have the opportunity to do-nate blood this week. He is doing it in honor of World Blood Donor Day on June 14. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage all of those as well who are eligible to make an effort to donate blood to do so your-selves, because blood donors are life-savers. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
SYNTHETIC DRUG AWARENESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 449) to require the Surgeon Gen-eral of the Public Health Service to submit to Congress a report on the ef-fects on public health of the increased rate of use of synthetic drugs, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 449 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Synthetic Drug Awareness Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON EFFECTS ON PUBLIC HEALTH OF SYNTHETIC DRUG USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service shall submit to Congress a re-port on the health effects of new psychoactive substances (including synthetic drugs) used since January 2010 by persons who are at least 12 years of age but no more than 18 years of age. (b) N
EW PSYCHOACTIVE SUBSTANCE DE-
FINED .—For purposes of subsection (a), the term ‘‘new psychoactive substance’’ means a controlled substance analogue (as defined in section 102(32) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802(32)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? There was no objection. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 449, the Synthetic Drug Awareness Act of 2018. Synthetic drugs, such as synthetic marijuana and bath salts, are produced in the lab and can have chemical struc-tures that are designed to mimic or even enhance those naturally occurring drugs. Fentanyl, another synthetic drug, a substance that is 50 times more potent than heroin and 100 times more potent than morphine, has numerous analogs. These drugs are modified to cir-cumvent the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration’s scheduling regime and are a serious public health risk. That is why H.R. 449 is so important, because it will require the United States Surgeon Gen-eral to submit a comprehensive report to Congress on the public health effects of synthetic drug use among youth. I would like to thank my colleague from New York, Representative HAKEEM JEFFRIES , for his hard work on this important initiative, along with Representatives C
HRIS COLLINS , G.K. B
UTTERFIELD , and T REYGOWDY . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1415 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the opioid crisis has left no one untouched by its destruction. Every age, sex, race, and socio-economic class has felt the weight of the opioid epidemic and the disastrous effects it has on the lives of those in our Nation. As this epidemic continues to grow, we have seen a dramatic increase in the number of children who are suf-fering opioid overdoses. A study pub-lished in Pediatrics earlier this year found that the number of children ad-mitted to hospitals from opioid overdoses has nearly doubled since 2004. Another study found that kids be-tween 12 and 17 accounted for 60 per-cent of the opioid overdoses in the pe-diatric population. In 2016, nearly 4,000 children and young adults between the ages of 5 and 24 years old died from overdose due to opioids, and that is why I support H.R. 449. This bipartisan legislation would require the Surgeon General to report on the public health impacts of syn-thetic drug use and abuse by adoles-cents between the ages of 12 and 18. Surgeon General reports have pro-duced some of the most preeminent public health data available on some of the Nation’s most pressing public health crises, from the adverse health consequences of tobacco use to reports on nutrition, HIV/AIDS, and violence. This is an important bill because it will allow the Surgeon General to ad-dress the impact of synthetic drug use on the youth population, and highlight the need for increased prevention ef-forts in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.009 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5030 June 12, 2018 
This bill, like so many of the bills we are considering today, helps raise awareness of the opioid crisis, and helps us to continue to chart a path forward in addressing this epidemic. But, Mr. Speaker, I am concerned that collectively these 57-plus bills we will consider in total, do not go far enough in providing the resources nec-essary for an epidemic of this mag-nitude. With 115 Americans dying every day, we must ensure that people have access to treatment. The bills the House will debate this week do not do enough to expand treatment for mil-lions suffering from this crisis. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I did not also acknowledge that the Republicans’ ongoing efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act gut Medicaid and take away critical pro-tections for people with preexisting conditions, and would have a dev-astating impact on people who suffer from opioid substance abuse. When discussing the opioid crisis on the floor this week, I urge my col-leagues to remember that protecting and expanding access to care is the most critical piece of the puzzle. And any efforts to roll back the Affordable Care Act, such as another Republican- led attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act and gut Medicaid, will hurt those who need it most. With that said, I am pleased to sup-port H.R. 449 and the other bills we will consider under suspension of the rules today. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ), the sponsor of H.R. 449. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman, the rank-ing member, Mr. P
ALLONE , for yielding and for his leadership on this issue. I also want to thank Congressman L
ATTA , as well as Chairman G REGWAL-
DENand my colleagues: C HRIS COLLINS , T
REY GOWDY , and G. K. B UTTERFIELD , who all were sponsors of this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 449, the Synthetic Drug Aware-ness Act. H.R. 449 addresses a critical and sometimes overlooked threat: the use of synthetic drugs by teenagers. It requires the Surgeon General to pre-pare a report on the public health ef-fects of synthetic drug use by individ-uals aged 12 to 18 throughout America. With the information this study will provide, Congress can work to prevent substance abuse by younger Americans through an enhanced and enlightened lens. The opioid crisis has ravaged fam-ilies across the country, without re-gard to ZIP Code, income, race, reli-gion, or gender. Unfortunately, this public health emergency is now taking hold, in insid-ious ways, of our Nation’s young peo-ple. Throughout the country, the drug overdose death rate has more than dou-bled during the past decade amongst younger Americans. This troubling phenomenon, in part, results from the rise and availability of potent and dan-gerous substances like illicit fentanyl, and synthetic marijuana, drugs that fall within the category covered by this legislation. Fentanyl, for instance, can be 50 to 100 times stronger than opioids, heroin, or morphine. Teenage fentanyl use, for instance, is a vicious cycle. Adoles-cents have a still-developing prefrontal cortex, which can facilitate drug-seek-ing behavior. The drug then alters the development of this area of the brain, making that behavior permanent. The majority of adults who develop a substance abuse disorder or addiction begin using before they are 18 years old. In order to address the multi-faceted public health crisis that the opioid epidemic represents, we must consider both the cause and the effect. Advancing this legislation has been a collaborative process, and I greatly ap-preciate the hard work of all of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 449. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) will control the time for the majority. There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Our work on the House floor today is the culmination of more than a year’s effort to craft legislation in the Energy and Commerce Committee that will save lives and help stem the tide of the opioid crisis that has struck at the health of our people wherever they live in America. In my Oregon district, I have held multiple roundtable discussions with parents, with those addicted, and with those who treat the addicted. I have talked with law enforcement officials and emergency room physicians. I have sought the counsel and the advice of those who are closest to this national problem, and I have worked with my colleagues to carefully craft legislation that responds to the need and to their suggestions. The headlines—we know they are ev-erywhere—tell the tragic stories of loved ones gone far too soon. We are confronting an addiction that merci-lessly seizes control and then destroys. This killer doesn’t discriminate—not by age, not by race, not by where you live, or what you believe. We are here because opioid addiction continues to take the lives of more than 100 people in America each and every day. These are real people in all of our districts—people like Amanda. Just this past January, Amanda was seeking relief from the pain sur-rounding her mental illness. She ended up dying from an overdose of fentanyl. Her father bravely shared his family’s story with our committee, hoping that their loss would help spur Congress to modernize Federal laws. It is for the young people like Amanda and her par-ents—people like Amanda who trag-ically lost their bright futures—that we come together today to advance so many bipartisan pieces of legislation. And it is for families like hers, the ones who are left behind with the heartbreak of a loss so many of us could never comprehend, that we will not rest until we have won the fight against opioid addiction. From passage of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, known as CARA, and the 21st Century Cures Act last Congress under the able leadership of Chairman FREDUPTON , to the $4 bil-lion in new funding passed earlier this year by this Congress, we have worked long and hard to help families and com-munities in despair. Last fall, the Health Subcommittee chairman, Mr. B
URGESS of Texas, in-vited all Members of the U.S. House to come before his Health Subcommittee and to share their best ideas on how to combat this crisis. We heard from more than 50 Members—Republicans, and Democrats alike. This spring, the Energy and Com-merce Committee held a series of legis-lative hearings examining ways to pro-tect our communities, to boost our public health and prevention efforts, and to improve treatment and care for patients of all ages and all back-grounds. While the work was not always easy, Mr. Speaker, the Energy and Com-merce Committee has advanced 57 dif-ferent pieces of legislation to this House floor, most with unanimous sup-port, that may well be a record for leg-islating on a single issue. So while the surge of addiction looms large before us, I believe that we as a Congress and we as the American peo-ple are up to this task. The bills before us are not our first efforts in this fight, and you have my word they will not be the last. But I urge my colleagues today, to-morrow, the rest of this week, and next week to support the legislation before the House. We have an opportunity to save lives. We have a responsibility to our families, friends, communities, our neighbors, and our Nation to lift people out of addiction and to get America on a better path. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), who has been a real leader on this issue. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman W
ALDEN and Ranking Member P
ALLONE for their leadership in working with us on a bipartisan basis for this important package. We all know the stories and have heard the stories time and again from our businesses, from our schools, from families visiting us, and we know this epidemic is hitting everybody. So I ap-preciate the opportunity to join to-gether with my colleagues today to ad-dress this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 5473, the Better Pain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:36 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.011 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5031 June 12, 2018 
Management Through Better Data Act, and I would like to thank Representa-tive B
ENRAYLUJA´Nfor joining me in making this a bipartisan effort as an introduction as it went through com-mittee, and now here as we are con-tinuing to address this on the floor. Opioid addiction we know is plaguing our communities all across the coun-try, creating victims, devastating fam-ilies, and creating economic ruin. Long-term solutions to combating this crisis depend upon safety with existing therapies and deployment of novel next generation therapies. We need to ensure the policy and reg-ulatory environment allows for greater adoption and use of less addictive treatments. This legislation will facili-tate better clinical data on nonopioid alternatives so that doctors have more prescribing options and fewer opioids are prescribed in the first place, low-ering the risk of addiction. The FDA is responsible for protecting public health by ensuring the safety and efficacy of drugs, biological prod-ucts, and medical devices. While there may be alternatives to opioids for cer-tain patients and conditions, there is a need for additional clarity and flexi-bility regarding what drug developers need to do to help reduce the need for opioids as part of the pain treatment regimen. This bill directs the FDA to have public meetings and issue guidance to industry, addressing data collection and labeling for medical products that reduce pain and may replace, delay, or reduce the use of oral opioids. This is one more effort to remove the barriers to investment and unleash the full po-tential of biomedical expertise to ad-dress this growing crisis. This is the primary reason, I am pleased to say, our bill has the strong support of the Biotechnology Innova-tion Organization, also known as BIO, which represents more than 1,000 busi-nesses, academic institutions, State biotechnology centers, and related en-tities. The experts believe this bill will stimulate renewed research and devel-opment, and more effectively prevent abuse. This is a step in the right direc-tion and allows doctors to better meet their commitment to their most vul-nerable patients by giving them both diverse and better options for non-addictive treatments for pain. Mr. Speaker, I thank the House today for addressing this issue, and really the ability to work together and find these solutions that we know are plaguing so many of our families. Ev-erywhere we go we are all hearing about these stories, and I am heartened today we have joined together to pro-vide more solutions. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers on this bill, so I would encourage support of H.R. 449, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I would also urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 449, the Synthetic Drug Awareness Act of 2017, which requires the Surgeon General to report to Congress on the public health effects of the in reased use since January 2010 by individuals who are 12 to 18 years old of drugs developed and manufac-tured to avoid control under the Controlled Substances Act. The term ‘‘synthetic drug’’ means a drug which is developed and manufactured to avoid control under the Controlled Substances Act. There are more than 200 identified synthetic drug compounds and more than 90 different synthetic drug marijuana compounds. Many of these synthetic drugs are made in foreign countries and then smuggled into the United States. These clandestinely-made drugs have no manufacturing safety standards that are nor-mally required by the Food and Drug Adminis-tration. Synthetic opioids have surpassed prescrip-tion opioids as the most common drug class involved in overdose deaths in the United States. According to the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration, fentanyl-related deaths nationwide are up from previous years by 73 percent. Fentanyl, a synthetic opioid created using man-made chemical components rather than naturally occurring ingredients, is 50-100 times more potent than morphine. Overall, drug overdose deaths involving fentanyl-type drugs in th United States rose from about 3,000 in 2010 to more than 19,400 in 2016. The rate of teen drug overdose deaths in the United States climbed 19 percent from 2014 to 2015, from 3.1 deaths per 100,000 teens to 3.7 per 100,000. The number of American teens to die of a drug overdose leapt by almost a fifth in 2015 after seven years of decline. The opioid epidemic claimed more than 52,000 lives in 2015. In Texas, Synthetic opioids account for al-most one-fifth of drug related overdoses. In 2016, there were 1,375 opioid-related overdose deaths in Texas specifically, accord-ing to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. Last year, 364 drug-related overdose deaths happened in Houston. Synthetic marijuana, methamphetamine, co-caine, and heroin top the list of drug-related problems in the Houston area. Geographically, death rates from overdoses involving synthetic opioids increased in 21 states, with 10 states doubling their rates from 2016–2017. No area of the United States is exempt from this epidemic—we all know a friend, family member or loved one devastated by opioids. H.R. 449 is a positive step in the right direc-tion, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on H.R. 449, the Synthetic Drug Awareness Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ), that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 449, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Sur-geon General of the Public Health Service to submit to Congress a report on the health effects of new psychoactive substances (including synthetic drugs) use.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
b1430 BETTER PAIN MANAGEMENT THROUGH BETTER DATA ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5473) to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to update or issue one or more guidances address-ing alternative methods for data col-lection on opioid sparing and inclusion of such data in product labeling, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5473 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Better Pain Management Through Better Data Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. GUIDANCE ADDRESSING ALTERNATIVE APPROACHES TO DATA COLLECTION AND LABELING CLAIMS FOR OPIOID SPARING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of assisting sponsors in collecting and incorporating opioid-sparing data in product labeling, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a public meeting and update or issue one or more guidances in accordance with subsection (b). (b) G
UIDANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall up-date or issue one or more guidances address-ing— (A) alternative methods for data collection on opioid sparing; (B) alternative methods for inclusion of such data in product labeling; and (C) investigations other than clinical trials, including partially controlled studies and objective trials without matched con-trols such as historically controlled anal-yses, open-label studies, and meta-analyses, on opioid sparing for inclusion in product la-beling. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidances under para-graph (1) shall address— (A) innovative clinical trial designs for ethically and efficiently collecting data on opioid sparing for inclusion in product label-ing; (B) primary and secondary endpoints for the reduction of opioid use while maintain-ing adequate pain control; (C) use of real world evidence, including patient registries, and patient reported out-comes to support inclusion of opioid-sparing data in product labeling; and (D) how sponsors may obtain feedback from the Secretary relating to such issues prior to— (i) commencement of such data collection; or (ii) the submission of resulting data to the Secretary. (3) P
UBLIC MEETING .—Prior to updating or issuing the guidances required by paragraph 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.012 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5032 June 12, 2018 
(1), the Secretary shall consult with stake-holders, including representatives of regu-lated industry, academia, patients, and pro-vider organizations, through a public meet-ing to be held not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act. (4) T
IMING .—The Secretary shall— (A) not later than 12 months after the date of the public meeting required by paragraph (3), update or issue the one or more draft guidances required by paragraph (1); and (B) not later than 12 months after the date on which the public comment period for such draft guidances closes, finalize such guid-ances. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this section: (1) The terms ‘‘opioid sparing’’ and ‘‘opioid-sparing’’ refer to the use of drugs or devices (as defined in section 201 of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321)) that reduce pain while enabling the re-duction, replacement, or avoidance of oral opioids. (2) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in favor of this legislation, and I want to thank Representatives C
OMSTOCK and L
UJA´Nfor their leadership on it. This bill would take steps to facili-tate the development of products that reduce, replace, or prevent the use of opioids. Specifically, this legislation will direct the FDA to hold a public meeting and update the agency’s guid-ance on opioid sparing data that can be used to support updated product label-ing and claims. For many Americans, Mr. Speaker, dealing with chronic or acute pain, there are limited alternatives to opioids, but for some patients, there may be therapeutic alternatives which do not share the same risks inherent in opioid use. This bill will facilitate the process of getting information to pro-viders and patients at a critical junc-ture in their treatment. By reducing the need to start an opioid, we can stop addiction before it starts, and we can save countless lives in the process. So I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this narrowly tai-lored, commonsense, and noncontrover-sial measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5473, legislation offered by my col-leagues, Representatives LUJA´Nand C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 5473 would provide greater clar-ity to drug and device manufacturers regarding the studies that should be conducted for purposes of making claims on the labeling of medical prod-ucts that they may replace, delay, or reduce the use of opioids. This is practical legislation, Mr. Speaker, that I believe will help to en-courage manufacturers to do the nec-essary work to determine how we can identify for providers and patients medical products that can serve as al-ternatives to the use of opioids for pur-poses of pain treatment. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 5473, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers on this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
EN R
AYLUJA´N), who is one of the sponsors of this bill. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Better Pain Management Through Bet-ter Data Act. Current data collection models used by the Food and Drug Administration to measure clinical effectiveness are not ideally suited to accelerate devel-opment of opioid-sparing products. This bipartisan legislation will better allow the FDA to obtain the data they need to more quickly approve label claims for nonaddictive pain medica-tions. I think I have said this at least 100 times at this point, but we must work with our pharmaceutical partners and the FDA to make sure that patients across the country have nonaddictive pain management options. I come from a blue-collar district with ironworkers and ranchers and a whole lot of jobs where wear and tear on the body is inevitable. It is simply unrealistic to think that we won’t have people who need access to pain ther-apy. That is where nonaddictive thera-pies come in. This bill is another step forward in making sure that everyone has more options to treat pain. While we are talking about non-addictive pain medications and how important they are to break the cycle of addiction back home, I want to take a second to direct my comments to-ward all the pharmaceutical manufac-turers who are developing or plan to develop drugs in this space: This is im-portant. We need you to be innovative, and we need you to be aggressive. That being said, Mr. Speaker, I am already starting to be concerned re-garding the cost of these drugs. Let me put this in plain English. I am worried that the people living in different parts of America may be able to afford these drugs but families who are struggling and worrying about how to make that family budget work are going to be left out. If people can’t afford these thera-pies and these treatments, they are not going to make a bit of difference. We cannot create another layer of people who can afford medications and therapies and people who cannot, espe-cially not when this issue is so impor-tant. All nonaddictive pain medica-tions must be affordable, accessible, and of high quality. I appreciate the hard work of the committee staff, Chairman WALDEN , Ranking Member P
ALLONE , and all the stakeholders who helped get this bill to the finish line. This epidemic is affecting too many New Mexicans, too many Americans, to not think about long-term strategies for preventing opioid use disorder in the future. I appreciate Chairman W
ALDEN ’s re-marks. I thank him for acknowledging that this is not the end of our work. This committee has much work to do not just with this package, but into the future, until we are able to help every-one who is fighting addiction in Amer-ica. I look forward to working with our colleagues, with the administration, and with anyone and everyone out there to make a difference when it comes to addiction in our country. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support it. I commend the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N) and the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. C
OM-
STOCK ) for their tireless work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I also ask that my colleagues support this bi-partisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5473, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TESTING INCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PRO-VIDERS FOR ADOPTION AND USE OF CERTIFIED ELECTRONIC HEALTH R
ECORD TECHNOLOGY Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3331) to amend title XI of the So-cial Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3331 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.002 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5033 June 12, 2018 
SECTION 1. TESTING OF INCENTIVE PAYMENTS FOR BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PRO-VIDERS FOR ADOPTION AND USE OF CERTIFIED ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD TECHNOLOGY. 
Section 1115A(b)(2)(B) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a(b)(2)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(xxv) Providing, for the adoption and use of certified EHR technology (as defined in section 1848(o)(4)) to improve the quality and coordination of care through the electronic documentation and exchange of health infor-mation, incentive payments to behavioral health providers (such as psychiatric hos-pitals (as defined in section 1861(f)), commu-nity mental health centers (as defined in sec-tion 1861(ff)(3)(B)), hospitals that participate in a State plan under title XIX or a waiver of such plan, treatment facilities that par-ticipate in such a State plan or such a waiv-er, mental health or substance use disorder providers that participate in such a State plan or such a waiver, clinical psychologists (as defined in section 1861(ii)), nurse practi-tioners (as defined in section 1861(aa)(5)) with respect to the provision of psychiatric serv-ices, and clinical social workers (as defined in section 1861(hh)(1))).’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Representative J
ENKINS , who is here and going to speak in a moment; Rep-resentative M
ATSUI , who is also here and going to speak in a moment; Rep-resentative M
ULLIN ; and others who are working together on this bill. H.R. 3331 will open an opportunity to accelerate the use of electronic health records for behavioral health providers. Behavioral health providers were left out of the HITECH incentives, leading to a lower rate of adoption and cre-ating a gap in continuity of care at a point when it is most needed. If there is one place you don’t want a data-drop in care provided it is with those who have sought care, but their doctors don’t know about it because they don’t have the technology they need. No patient should face the risks of being rerouted to opioids because their provider did not have the full pic-ture of a patient’s history. During the thorough legislative proc-ess the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee has engaged in to get here today, we have heard from several wit-nesses and stakeholders on the impor-tance of better utilizing technology. So it is a natural step to let CMMI test the impact of connecting behavioral health providers with the rest of the healthcare community. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 3331. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : On May 9 and 17, 2018, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce ordered favorably reported over 50 bills to address the opioid epidemic facing communities across our nation. Several of the bills were also referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. I ask that the Committee on Ways and Means not insist on its referral of the fol-lowing bills so that they may be scheduled for consideration by the Majority Leader: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. This concession in no way affects your ju-risdiction over the subject matter of these bills, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a con-ference on the bills be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and your response in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter concerning several bills favor-ably reported out of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce to address the opioid epidemic and which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional refer-ral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within these bills that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may move expeditiously to the floor: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation and re-quests your support for such a request. Finally, I would appreciate your commit-ment to include this exchange of letters in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.004 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5034 June 12, 2018 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Kan-sas (Ms. J
ENKINS ), who has been a real leader on this legislation. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding and his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express strong support for the Improving Ac-cess to Behavioral Health Information Technology Act, H.R. 3331. Our Nation finds itself in a mental health and opioid crisis, and Congress must do all it can to ensure providers have the tools they need to effectively treat their patients. Toward that end, together with Rep-resentatives M
ATSUI and M ULLIN , I in-troduced this bipartisan legislation, which would authorize the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation to incentivize health IT demonstrations for behavioral health providers. By uti-lizing electronic health records, they can better coordinate care, support de-livery of treatment, and help to fully integrate recovery and prevention serv-ices for all Americans. This legislation takes the critical step of bringing mental health and ad-diction treatment into the 21st century while reducing health spending and ex-panding access for these treatments to underserved communities, including rural areas in my home State of Kan-sas. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 3331. It is my hope we will get this bill to the President’s desk as quickly as possible. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3331, sponsored by Representative L
YNN J
ENKINS and Representative D ORIS M
ATSUI , and I commend my colleagues for their work on the bill. One of the reasons why the opioid crisis is so intractable is the lack of access to behav-ioral health services in all of our communities, and the continued segregation of behavioral health from physical health. For decades, we have neglected our behav-ioral health infrastructure, and siloed behav-ioral health from our broader healthcare sys-tem. The lack of integration between behav-ioral and physical health has had serious con-sequences for patients, including poor to non- existent coordination of care, severe provider shortages, and poor health outcomes. One barrier in addressing true integration has been that behavioral health providers in large part don’t have access to electronic health records, and were left out of the push to update electronic health records systems. That is an unfortunate legacy that we are still dealing with today. H.R. 3331 takes an important step in ad-dressing this problem. It is a bipartisan bill that would incentivize behavioral health providers to adopt electronic health record technology, through the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Innovation. While this is an important bill, I want to un-derscore that it is incremental and it is limited. I want to reiterate my continuing concern that while Democrats support working on a legisla-tive package to address the opioid crisis, we must first assure that we do no harm. And I must remind everyone that Repub-lican efforts to dismantle and sabotage the ACA would do serious harm to our healthcare system, and to folks with substance use dis-orders specifically. Just last week, the Trump Administration re-quested that a federal court eliminate the pro-tections in the ACA for people with preexisting conditions. That includes people with opioid use disorders, whose access to health insur-ance and vital treatment for opioid use dis-orders would be taken away if the Trump Ad-ministration is successful. The opioids package cannot be considered in a vacuum. Mark my words—Republican ef-forts to tear down the ACA and the Medicaid program will not only reverse any gains we may make from these efforts today, but will to inflict broad, lasting harm to our healthcare system, and to our ability to fight the opioid crisis. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
ALLONE for yielding to me and for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, while I believe that we need to do a lot more to combat the opioid and addiction epidemic, I am pleased with some of the specific steps being taken today to help commu-nities. I specifically rise in support of legislation I coauthored with Congress-woman L
YNNJENKINS on H.R. 3331. In order to solve the root cause of ad-diction, we need more access to behav-ioral health in our communities, and we need to treat mental health and substance use disorder like diseases. That means integrating care and serv-ices for those conditions into the healthcare system. It means treating a person as a whole person. Physical and mental health condi-tions interplay and should be treated as such. We cannot have a truly inte-grated system with the care coordina-tion we envision if behavioral health providers don’t have electronic health records. We must work to harness the power of technology to improve the ac-cessibility of behavioral health treat-ment, particularly in underserved com-munities. This bipartisan bill will incentivize behavioral health providers to adopt electronic health record technology. The Senate version of the bill, led by Senators W
HITEHOUSE and P ORTMAN , passed by unanimous consent last month, so I hope that we can continue the momentum around this legislation with the passage of H.R. 3331 today. Before I close, I want to reiterate how important it is for my Republican colleagues to join us in doing more. We need to protect and expand Medicaid, build on ACA successes in terms of ac-cess to behavioral healthcare, and fund treatment and prevention efforts in our local communities. We have a long way to go. This is a really good start, and I implore my colleagues to work with us as we move forward. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers, so I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers. I urge support of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Members on both sides for their good work on this legislation. I urge pas-sage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WAL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3331, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INDEXING NARCOTICS, FENTANYL, AND OPIOIDS ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4284) to establish a Federal Coor-dinator within the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4284 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indexing Narcotics, Fentanyl, and Opioids Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘INFO Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF SUBSTANCE USE DIS-ORDER INFORMATION DASHBOARD. 
Title XVII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300u et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1711. ESTABLISHMENT OF SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER INFORMATION DASH-BOARD. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, in consultation with the Director of National Drug Control Pol-icy, establish and periodically update a pub-lic information dashboard that— ‘‘(1) coordinates information on programs within the Department of Health and Human Services related to the reduction of opioid abuse and other substance use disorders; ‘‘(2) provides access to publicly available data from other Federal agencies; State, local, and Tribal governments; nonprofit or-ganizations; law enforcement; medical ex-perts; public health educators; and research institutions regarding prevention, treat-ment, recovery, and other services for opioid use disorder and other substance use dis-orders; ‘‘(3) provides comparable data on substance use disorder prevention and treatment strat-egies in different regions and population of the United States; ‘‘(4) provides recommendations for health care providers on alternatives to controlled substances for pain management, including approaches studied by the National Insti-tutes of Health Pain Consortium and the Na-tional Center for Complimentary and Inte-grative Health; and ‘‘(5) provides guidelines and best practices for health care providers regarding treat-ment of substance use disorders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:09 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.019 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5035 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(b) C ONTROLLED SUBSTANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘controlled substance’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802).’’. 
SEC. 3. INTERAGENCY SUBSTANCE USE DIS-ORDER COORDINATING COMMITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than three months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall, in consultation with the Director of National Drug Control Policy, es-tablish a committee, to be known as the Interagency Substance Use Disorder Coordi-nating Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’ ), to coordinate all ef-forts within the Department of Health and Human Services concerning substance use disorder. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) F
EDERAL MEMBERS .—The following indi-viduals shall be the Federal members of the Committee: (A) The Secretary, who shall service as the Chair of the Committee. (B) The Attorney General of the United States. (C) The Secretary of Labor. (D) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. (E) The Secretary of Education. (F) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs. (G) The Commissioner of Social Security. (H) The Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use. (I) The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (J) The Director of the National Institutes of Health and the Directors of such national research institutes of the National Institutes of Health as the Secretary determines appro-priate. (K) The Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. (L) The Director of National Drug Control Policy. (M) Representatives of other Federal agen-cies that serve individuals with substance use disorder. (2) N
ON-FEDERAL MEMBERS .—The Com-mittee shall include a minimum of 17 non- Federal members appointed by the Sec-retary, of which— (A) at least two such members shall be an individual who has received treatment for a diagnosis of an opioid use disorder; (B) at least two such members shall be an individual who has received treatment for a diagnosis of a substance use disorder other than an opioid use disorder; (C) at least two such members shall be a State Alcohol and Substance Abuse Director; (D) at least two such members shall be a representative of a leading research, advo-cacy, or service organization for adults with substance use disorder; (E) at least two such members shall— (i) be a physician, licensed mental health professional, advance practice registered nurse, or physician assistant; and (ii) have experience in treating individuals with opioid use disorder or other substance use disorders; (F) at least one such member shall be a substance use disorder treatment profes-sional who is employed with an opioid treat-ment program; (G) at least one such member shall be a substance use disorder treatment profes-sional who has research or clinical experi-ence in working with racial and ethnic mi-nority populations; (H) at least one such member shall be a substance use disorder treatment profes-sional who has research or clinical mental health experience in working with medically underserved populations; (I) at least one such member shall be a State-certified substance use disorder peer support specialist; (J) at least one such member shall be a drug court judge or a judge with experience in adjudicating cases related to substance use disorder; (K) at least one such member shall be a law enforcement officer or correctional officer with extensive experience in interacting with adults with a substance use disorder; and (L) at least one such member shall be an individual with experience providing services for homeless individuals and working with adults with a substance use disorder. (c) TERMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A member of the Com-mittee appointed under subsection (b)(2) shall be appointed for a term of three years and may be reappointed for one or more three-year terms. (2) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Com-mittee shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. Any individual appointed to fill a vacancy for an unexpired term shall be appointed for the remainder of such term and may serve after the expiration of such term until a suc-cessor has been appointed. (d) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall meet not fewer than two times each year. (e) D
UTIES .—The Committee shall— (1) monitor opioid use disorder and other substance use disorder research, services, and support and prevention activities across all relevant Federal agencies, including co-ordination of Federal activities with respect to opioid use disorder and other substance use disorders; (2) identify and provide to the Secretary recommendations for improving Federal grants and programs for the prevention and treatment of, and recovery from, opioid use disorder and other substance use disorders; (3) review substance use disorder preven-tion and treatment strategies in different re-gions and populations in the United States and evaluate the extent to which Federal substance use disorder prevention and treat-ment strategies are aligned with State and local substance use disorder prevention and treatment strategies; (4) make recommendations to the Sec-retary regarding any appropriate changes with respect to the activities and strategies described in paragraphs (1) through (3); (5) make recommendations to the Sec-retary regarding public participation in deci-sions relating to opioid use disorder and other substance use disorders and the proc-ess by which public feedback can be better integrated into such decisions; and (6) make recommendations to ensure that opioid use disorder and other substance use disorder research, services, and support and prevention activities of the Department of Health and Human Services and other Fed-eral agencies are not unnecessarily duplica-tive. (f) A
NNUAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for the life of the Committee, the Committee shall publish on the public information dashboard established under section 2(a) a report summarizing the activities carried out by the Committee pur-suant to subsection (e), including any find-ings resulting from such activities. (2) R
ECOMMENDATION FOR COMMITTEE EXTEN -
SION.—After the publication of the second re-port of the Committee under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a rec-ommendation on whether or not the oper-ations of the Committee should continue after the termination date described in sub-section (i). (g) WORKING GROUPS .—The Committee may establish working groups for purposes of car-rying out the duties described in subsection (e). Any such working group shall be com-posed of members of the Committee (or the designees of such members) and may hold such meetings as are necessary to enable the working group to carry out the duties dele-gated to the working group. (h) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.— The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the Committee only to the extent that the provisions of such Act do not conflict with the require-ments of this section. (i) S
UNSET .—The Committee shall termi-nate on the date that is six years after the date on which the Committee is established under subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. b1445 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 4284, the In-dexing Narcotics, Fentanyl, and Opioid Act of 2018, more easily known as the INFO Act. This legislation will facilitate the linking of all nationwide health efforts and strategies to combat the opioid cri-sis into one place, as well as create an interagency substance abuse disorder coordinating committee to review and coordinate research, services, and pre-vention activities across all relevant Federal agencies. This is going to be a tremendous resource for patients, fami-lies, and local communities and their leaders. I want to thank my colleague from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) for leading this important initiative. I think all of us in our districts, Mr. Speaker, have heard directly from peo-ple saying: I don’t know what resources are there at the Federal level. I don’t know where to go access it. Can’t you do something? That is why Mr. L
ATTA , who chairs our Subcommittee on Digital Com-merce and Consumer Protection, rose to the challenge and put together this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. L
ATTA ) to discuss the importance of this legisla-tion. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the committee for all his hard work and for especially shep-herding these 57 bills that we got through committee on the opioid crisis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.005 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5036 June 12, 2018 
that we have in this country. I thank him for that and for helping on this piece of legislation today. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4284, the INFO Act, the Index-ing Narcotics, Fentanyl, and Opioids Act. In Ohio, we have experienced some of the worst of the crisis. In a 12-month period ending June 30 of last year, 5,232 lives were lost due to overdoses. That is a 39 percent increase from the pre-vious year and three times the national average. In talking with my constituents across the district, I have learned that to make a real difference in the lives of those who are struggling with addic-tion, we need to get more data, infor-mation, and funding into the hands of the right people. That is exactly what the INFO Act does. My bill creates a public dashboard consisting of comprehensive informa-tion and data on nationwide efforts to combat the opioid crisis. Establishing a one-stop shop makes it easier for advo-cates, healthcare providers, and State and local governments to access Fed-eral funding, data on opioid abuse, and the best practices for treatment. Due to this crisis, we are losing 115 Americans a day across this Nation. The time to act is now. I urge my col-leagues to support the passage of this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4284, the Indexing Narcotics, Fentanyl, and Opioids Act, or INFO Act. The opioid crisis is a complex issue that requires an all-hands-on-deck ap-proach. Communities across the Nation are being ravaged by this crisis, and many are working hard to find ways to stop it. With 115 people dying every day from opioid overdoses, communities could benefit from sharing effective interven-tions to decrease opioid use disorder and overdose deaths and having one- stop access to Federal resources, in-cluding grant funding announcements, available to support their efforts. The INFO Act would create a central repository for information on programs within HHS related to the reduction of opioid abuse and other substance use disorders, as well as how communities nationwide are tackling the opioid epi-demic. In this way, folks across the country can work together and learn from one another. This easily accessible, electronic public dashboard would allow for strat-egies to combat this crisis to be shared and served as a resource to patients, loved ones of those with opioid use dis-order, and local communities. The INFO Act also would establish an interagency substance use disorder coordinating committee to help coordi-nate response efforts to the opioid epi-demic within HHS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I, too, would encourage our colleagues to sup-port this fine piece of legislation and, again, commend its authors for doing the good work that will help so many in our districts. Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4284, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to establish a sub-stance use disorder information dash-board within the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENSURING ACCESS TO QUALITY SOBER LIVING ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4684) to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, to publish and disseminate best practices for op-erating a recovery housing, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4684 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL RECOVERY HOUSING BEST PRACTICES. 
Part P of title III of the Public Health Service Act is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 399V–7. NATIONAL RECOVERY HOUSING BEST PRACTICES. 
‘‘(a) B EST PRACTICES .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Secretary for Housing and Urban Development, patients with a history of opioid use disorder, and other stakeholders, which may include State accrediting entities and reputable providers, analysts, and stake-holders of recovery housing services, such as the National Alliance for Recovery Resi-dences, shall identify or facilitate the devel-opment of best practices, which may include model laws for implementing suggested min-imum standards, for operating recovery housing. ‘‘(b) D
ISSEMINATION .—The Secretary shall disseminate the best practices identified or developed under subsection (a) to— ‘‘(1) State agencies, which may include the provision of technical assistance to State agencies seeking to adopt or implement such best practices; ‘‘(2) recovery housing entities; and ‘‘(3) the public, as appropriate. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘recovery housing’ means a shared living environment free from alcohol and illicit drug use and centered on peer sup-port and connection to services, including medication-assisted treatment services, that promote sustained recovery from substance use disorders. ‘‘(2) The term ‘State’ includes any of the several States, the District of Columbia, each Indian tribe or tribal organization (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act), and any territory or posses-sion of the United States. ‘‘(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $3,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2021.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 4684, Ensur-ing Access to Quality Sober Living Act of 2018. This legislation will require the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices to develop and disseminate best practices for operating recovery hous-ing. We heard a lot about these issues in the course of our investigation and in our legislative work. Recently, an in-creasing number of reports have re-vealed the nefarious practice of patient brokering. This is where individuals known as ‘‘patient brokers’’ treat men and women with a substance use dis-order as a commodity. They push them to seek treatment at certain out-patient facilities and to live at affili-ated recovery residences while under-going treatment. In exchange for steering patients to-wards specific facilities and housing, patient brokers then receive generous financial kickbacks. Oftentimes, the residence and the treatment center in-volved in the kickback scheme lack any oversight, transparency, or ac-countability. This legislation will help ensure that recovery residences main-tain safe and supportive environments for those who are in recovery. I would like to thank my California colleagues, J
UDY CHU, MIMIWALTERS , and R
AUL RUIZ, along with Florida Representative G
USBILIRAKIS , for ad-dressing this important issue and bringing this legislation to the com-mittee and to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.023 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5037 June 12, 2018 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4684, the Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act of 2018, introduced by Representative C
HU. This bill would require the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to work with stakeholders, including indi-viduals with substance use disorders and recovery housing groups, to de-velop best practices for operating re-covery housing. The Energy and Commerce Commit-tee’s bipartisan investigation into dis-reputable sober homes and associated patient brokers and treatment facili-ties has made clear that we must do more to ensure that individuals with an opioid use disorder are not being taken advantage of by entities seeking to treat such individuals as commod-ities rather than people in need of treatment. In fact, in far too many instances, these homes and providers offered no treatment at all. In other instances, where treatment is offered, it is only provided to increase the provider’s profits. In the worst instances, these rogue providers go so far as to help in-dividuals stop their illicit use of opioids for the duration of their insur-ance limit for a given treatment serv-ice, only to supply opioids to these same individuals after they are re-leased so they can relapse and their in-surance once again can be milked for the duration of the benefit limit. Such providers are not only harmful to patients trying to stop their illicit use of opioids and enter recovery, this substandard treatment also costs many individuals their lives. Mr. Speaker, our investigation also has revealed that individuals with opioid use disorder and their families are particularly susceptible to such schemes, because there is not adequate information available to help them de-termine whether a facility is a quality provider of recovery housing or to de-tect the fraudulent intent of such ac-tors. Many rely on bad information ob-tained through internet searches or questionable referrals from individuals who are actually patient brokers and paid to deliver patients to the highest bidding sober home or treatment pro-vider. The bill before us, the Ensuring Ac-cess to Quality Sober Living Act, aims to prevent the often tragic con-sequences of the patient brokering schemes that send individuals to low- quality sober homes and treatment providers. I want to thank Ms. C
HUfor all she has done to move this bill. This legisla-tion requires Health and Human Serv-ices, in coordination with the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and with stakeholders, to estab-lish best practices that will aid States in establishing standards for the recov-ery houses, help recovery housing pro-viders in establishing and maintaining housing that meets the highest quality of service delivery, and help individ-uals and their families identify what to look for in a quality provider of recov-ery housing. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas will control the remainder of the time for the majority. There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, we heard about this issue in both the Health Subcommittee that I chair as well as the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee on Energy and Commerce chaired by Mr. GREGG HARPER . We had a roundtable of family mem-bers who had lost family due to the opioid crisis. They spoke very elo-quently about this issue. Two in par-ticular stand out, Gail Smith and Lisa Daniels, both mothers who had lost sons to the opioid crisis. Both sons had been brokered into recovery homes that really didn’t have their best inter-ests at heart and ultimately suc-cumbed to their disease of addiction. This is significantly important legis-lation. I obviously encourage all of my colleagues to be supportive. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. J
UDY CHU), the sponsor of the legisla-tion. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge support for H.R. 4684, the Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act. As we work to address our Nation’s opioid crisis, it is important that we address recovery, in addition to treat-ment and prevention. Addiction is a lifelong condition. After seeking treat-ment, individuals suffering from addic-tion need stable living environments, mental health services, and peer sup-port to maintain their sobriety. Recov-ery is what this bill seeks to address. I introduced this bill because of my constituent, Ryan Hampton. Ryan was once a promising White House intern who was succeeding in college and who had his whole life ahead of him. But in his early twenties, he broke his knee hiking and was prescribed opiates for the pain. He soon became dependent on prescription drugs. He was labeled a drug seeker and was discharged from medical care. Unfortunately, this did nothing to address his addiction. Without seeing any other options, he turned to heroin. Within a few months, Ryan was home-less and living on the streets. It wasn’t until after he overdosed that Ryan got the help he needed. After he recovered, Ryan eventually was able to be in a treatment center. He told me that he considered himself one of the lucky ones. By the time I met Ryan, he was a year and a half sober and an active advocate for the re-covery community. He used his second chance to speak on behalf of others battling this devastating addiction— people like his friend, Tyler. Tyler was living in a sober living home, or a re-covery residence, when he died of a her-oin overdose. Sober homes are great a resource for those newly out of treatment. They provide a safe and stable living envi-ronment to help people transition back into their lives without addiction. Sober homes have an added responsi-bility because the risk of overdose for those individuals can be the highest while in recovery. Unfortunately, some sober homes can be unequipped to handle at-risk pa-tients or do not employ staff with spe-cialty training for individuals in recov-ery. Sadly, some of these facilities are bad actors that do not encourage re-covery, but exploit vulnerable individ-uals recently released from treatment in order to collect insurance payments. b1500 For example, Tyler’s home didn’t have naloxone on site, which is a drug that can counteract an overdose. Out-raged and heartbroken, Ryan came to me to seek a solution. People like Tyler, who do everything right to get themselves sober, should know that they can trust the sober living homes and others on whom they rely for sup-port. Together, we worked on a bill that I introduced to create best practices as well as standards for sober living facili-ties. I cannot express my pride enough when, just a few years after addiction forced him onto the streets, Ryan ap-peared before Congress this spring to testify in front of the Energy and Com-merce Subcommittee on Health to share his story and to encourage in-vestment in recovery the way that we are investing in prevention and treat-ment. That is exactly what H.R. 4684 would do. It would allow the Department of Health and Human Services to estab-lish a set of best practices that sober homes could adopt so that individuals in treatment and their families can help differentiate the bad actors from the good. These benchmarks would take into account existing standards developed by the National Alliance for Recovery Residences, such as requiring that all fees and charges be explained to residents and that naloxone be available and accessible for use in emergency. As Ryan said in his con-gressional testimony, not having naloxone on hand is like not having lifeboats on a ship. H.R. 4684 would also provide tech-nical assistance to States that wish to adopt or implement these standards so that the recovery community has the support it needs. Unfortunately, Tyler’s story is not unique. I have heard from advocates in Arizona, Pennsylvania, Missouri, Ohio, and countless others who are concerned 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.025 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5038 June 12, 2018 
for their friends and neighbors living in unregulated sober living facilities. That is why I am so thrilled to have H.R. 4684 on the floor here today. We need to stand behind those who have done the difficult task of seeking and completing treatment and ensure that the homes in which they live are able to meet their needs. I would like to thank Representa-tives R
UIZ, WALTERS , and B ILIRAKIS for joining me as original cosponsors of this bill and for supporting it during their work on the Energy and Com-merce Committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ), a valuable member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and cosponsor of the bill before us. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4684, the Ensuring Access to Qual-ity Sober Living Act. Mr. Speaker, as the opioid epidemic grows, so does the need for legitimate addiction treatment facilities. South-ern California is home to more than 1,100 licensed facilities and countless unlicensed sober living homes, many of which have engaged in activities that exploit patients and endanger commu-nities. Some facilities engage in pa-tient brokering while others fail to treat the underlying cause of addic-tion, putting patients at risk of re-lapse. Mr. Speaker, the Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act would require the Department of Health and Human Services to establish best practices for sober living homes to ensure patients receive high-quality care. This bill would put an end to fraudulent behav-ior and unethical practices conducted by some sober living homes while help-ing those struggling with addiction re-build and reclaim their lives. I thank my fellow Californian, Con-gresswoman C
HU, for her work on this important issue, and I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of H.R. 4684, the Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act. Patient brokering is and continues to be an issue in Florida and across our nation. In light of the Nation’s opioid crisis, an increased de-mand for recovery from substance use dis-order has sadly attracted bad actors into the recovery space in order to make a quick buck by taking advantage of patients and families in crisis. Currently, regulations for addiction recovery providers vary from state-to-state and are vir-tually non-existent in some states. As a result, patients and families are unable to confidently identify quality sober living environments. Upon learning that various mental health and substance use disorder facilities were making payments to individuals for the referral of patients identified in Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, homeless shelters, and other similar environments, Florida’s legislature passed The Patient Brokering Act to prevent it by making the perverse practice a third-degree felony punishable by up to 5 years in prison. How-ever, monitoring and enforcement continue to pose a challenge. As communities and states, like Florida, crack down, these parasites simply relocate, rebrand, and victimize a new community— leaving broken patients and families searching for quality recovery in their wake. Unfortu-nately, the lack of and adherence to an indus-try-wide standard in the addiction recovery space has led to the industry becoming an in-cubator for fraud, waste, and abusive prac-tices. Law enforcement cannot solve this problem alone. It is vital that we work in a bipartisan manner to address laws and regulations, or lack thereof, which exacerbates this national crisis. H.R. 4684, the Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act does just that. H.R. 4684 authorizes the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration to de-velop best practices for sober living facilities in addition to providing technical assistance and support to states providing renewed con-fidence to families whose loved ones are in re-covery in sober homes across this country. Mr. Speaker, in crafting the opioid legislation that the House will be considering this week, Members of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee took the time to hear directly from those who have lost loved ones to this crisis. H.R. 4684 represents an important step in address-ing concerns voiced by these courageous ad-vocates. Ryan Hampton’s testimony reminds us that no one should have to learn their friend died of an overdose in a sober living facility due to a lack of basic operational training. Lisa Daniels’ and Gail Smith’s testimony re-minds us that no one should lose a child and learn later that their child was a victim of pa-tient brokering and only ended up in a sub-standard recovery facility due to criminal busi-ness practices. I urge my colleagues to support this critical, common-sense bill to improve patient safety in sober homes across our country. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4684, the Ensuring Ac-cess to Quality Sober Living Act of 2018. Opioid abuse has become a public health crisis with devastating consequences, includ-ing; overdoses, rising incidence of neonatal abstinence syndrome, homelessness, and un-employment. H.R. 4684 ensures that the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administra-tion has the resources to provide the best practices for operating recovery houses and to distribute the information to states, and to pro-vide technical assistance to states seeking to adopt such practices. It is undeniable that, to ensure their path to recovery, victims of substance abuse are in need of proper recovery housing that is free from alcohol and drug use. People suffering from addiction are in dire need of healthy living environments to ensure a successful transition. Recovering addicts coming from an environ-ment that does not provide the proper assist-ance, face many challenges and problems when they later reenter society. Every day, over 115 Americans die after overdosing on opioids, with more than 64,000 deaths reported in the year 2016. In 2015, 2,588 opioid overdose related deaths were reported in my home state of Texas with Harris County accounting for 318 of those deaths. It has been reported that 91 percent of vic-tims in recovery will experience a relapse, 59 percent of those will experience a relapse within the first two weeks of sobriety, and 80 percent within a month after discharging from a detox facility. H.R. 4684 will not only provide addicts with qualified recovery homes but healthy family oriented settings. Medical research suggests that recovery residencies should be structured like a family home, a community living environment which is centered on peer support and connection to services. These provisions of the bill will provide vic-tims of opioid addiction with much needed guidance. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 4684 to show their support in this extremely critical moment in time and ensure that those who have fallen victim to the opioid epidemic are provided with qualified recovery housing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WAL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4684, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to direct the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to identify or facilitate the develop-ment of best practices for operating re-covery housing, and for other pur-poses.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ADVANCING CUTTING EDGE RESEARCH ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5002) to expand the unique re-search initiatives authority of the Na-tional Institutes of Health. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5002 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing Cutting Edge Research Act’’ or the ‘‘ACE Re-search Act’’. 
SEC. 2. UNIQUE RESEARCH INITIATIVES. 
Section 402(n)(1) of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 282(n)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.027 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5039 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(C) high impact cutting-edge research that fosters scientific creativity and in-creases fundamental biological under-standing leading to the prevention, diag-nosis, or treatment of diseases and disorders, or research urgently required to respond to a public health threat.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to express my support for H.R. 5002, the Advanc-ing Cutting Edge Research Act. This important bill gives the Na-tional Institutes of Health a critical tool to help combat the opiate crisis by giving the National Institutes of Health director more flexibility to con-duct innovative research and to spur urgently needed research on new, non-addictive pain medications. By providing these authorities, the National Institutes of Health will be able to more easily partner with inno-vative companies with cutting-edge technology to address the opiate crisis and other public health threats. I do want to thank colleagues from Michigan, Representatives D
INGELL  and former Chairman F
REDUPTON , for leading this important initiative. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5002, the Advancing Cutting Edge, or ACE, Research Act. This bill would grant NIH other transactions authority that allows NIH flexibility in entering into agreements for cutting-edge research that can lead to increased understanding of preven-tion, diagnosis, or treatment of dis-eases or disorders, including substance use disorder, as well as research that is urgently needed to respond to a public health threat, such as the opioid crisis. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I commend Representa-tive D
INGELL for her leadership on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. U
PTON ), the principal author on the bill. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan bill and in strong support of our continued efforts to combat this terrible opioid epidemic that has ravaged virtually every community across the country and so many families as well. We all know someone who is im-pacted and affected by this epidemic, and certainly my corner of the State is no different than any other part of the country. We are struggling. There have been real bipartisan ef-forts, wins, in recent years, to address the problem. CARA, as Chairman WAL-
DENsaid a little bit earlier, as part of 21st Century Cures, provided billions of dollars for communities across the country and is delivering real results to those who are suffering. Clearly, more work is demanded and remains. This bill, the ACE Research Act, is part of that work. It is a bipartisan bill that I have had the pleasure to work on with my good colleague and friend from Michigan, D
EBBIE DINGELL . It is a balanced bill that better allows the Na-tional Institutes of Health to partner with innovative companies doing cut-ting-edge research to get nonaddictive pain medication to those in need. That is what this bill does. It is essential in combating the opioid epidemic. During the hearings that we held in the Energy and Commerce Committee, Francis Collins, the director of the NIH, requested that the NIH be given more flexibility to pursue these new avenues. I know that my colleague D
EBBIE DINGELL and I both had dinner last week with Francis Collins, and he was very excited to hear that it was scheduled for the House floor today. We look forward to its passage. The advances in innovation can offer real hope to those who are suffering. Folks in Michigan and across the coun-try are counting on the power of inno-vation to help us solve the opioid cri-sis. Let’s give them what they deserve and pass this legislation. I look for-ward to getting it to the President’s desk. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member P
ALLONE for yielding and thank both Chairman W
ALDEN and Chairman B
URGESS for their leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my legislation, H.R. 5002, the ACE Re-search Act, which I am proud to author with my dear friend and colleague from Michigan, F
REDUPTON . I have lived on all sides of the opioid epidemic. My father was addicted to opioids before anyone knew what it was or before anybody talked about it. My sister died of a drug overdose. My husband lives in chronic pain, and be-cause there are no alternative drugs that are safe for him to take, he re-quires opioids for his debilitating pain. We cannot let the pendulum swing too far in either direction, and we need to find medication for those who need it. Mr. Speaker, 25 million Americans suffer from pain every single day. While pain may not be the fifth vital sign, it is still a major issue that needs to be addressed in modern medicine. We cannot stigmatize people who le-gitimately suffer from real pain. That will only make the opioid epidemic worse. If you have lived with someone in chronic pain like I have, you know how complicated this is. People in chronic pain are being stigmatized now for seeking treatment that will allow them to live a decent life. People are coming up to me with metastatic cancer, con-cerned that they are not going to be able to get medicine to take care of their pain. Unfortunately, here is a reality none of us talk about: Nonopioid pain medi-cines, like Tylenol or Motrin, come with serious side effects, especially for those who take them every day. One thing on which we can all agree is that we need more alternatives to opioids in this country. This way, we can give people the relief that they need from crippling pain while not sub-jecting them to the risk of addiction. This is going to require a lot of work and a lot of research to accomplish, which is why it is so essential that this work begin now. The ACE Research Act accomplishes this goal by spurring innovative research into nonopioid pain medications at NIH, which will ul-timately lead to the next big break-through and bring benefits to patients. This bill gives the NIH director what is known as Other Transaction Author-ity, so the NIH will be able to more easily partner with innovative compa-nies who are working with cutting-edge technology to address the opioid drug crisis and other public health threats. In congressional testimony earlier this year, NIH Director Francis Collins said that giving the agency this au-thority would improve their ability to do the research into nonopioid drug al-ternatives. We heard that, and that is what we are trying to do today. It is what we are delivering on. There are so many people focused on the opioid epidemic these days, but many small startup companies are hesitant to partner with the Federal Government on research because the terms of a grant or a contract are too rigid and no other options are available to them. The ACE Research Act will ensure that NIH is able to partner with real innovators on research. You never know where that next breakthrough might lie, and this bill will ensure that we leave no stone uncovered. By fund-ing research on new treatments quicker, we are ensuring that we are going to reach patients faster. A future with more effective nonopioid, nonaddictive drugs is a fu-ture that we all want. That is some-thing on which we all agree. I want to thank my friend and col-league, F
REDUPTON , for working with me on this. This is a first step toward ensuring we are doing the best research in the country on alternatives to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.008 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5040 June 12, 2018 
opioids for pain medication. I also want to thank our chairman and our ranking member, and all the members, for mak-ing today the first step. I know too well what the pain is across this country, and what we are doing today is a beginning. We need to work together in a bipartisan way to address what is hurting families across this country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5002. b1515 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, I want to whole-heartedly agree with the comments we just heard from the gentlewoman from Michigan. It is imperative that we guard against the pendulum swinging too far in either direction. One of the very first hearings I at-tended as the newest member of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health in 2005 was a hearing on why doctors do not prescribe adequate pain relief for their patients who are in pain. Now we fast-forward today, to the significant number of drug overdose deaths, many of those attributed to opiates that this country has seen in the past several years, and, clearly, it is important that the committee do something. It is important that in doing something, we do not further damage those people who are stable and depending upon a pain medication regimen that works for them. But going forward, we need to find, if we can, a way out of this predicament in the future for future patients. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I would urge support for this legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5002, the ACE Re-search Act. It is undeniable that more money, re-sources, and research needs to go into solv-ing the many addictions, diseases, and dis-orders that face our society today. H.R. 5002 amends the Public Health Serv-ice Act by augmenting the National Institutes of Health’s research initiatives, by introducing more critical research that will strengthen the understanding and yield cures to the myriad of health problems that are facing Americans today. The ACE Research Act will provide the Na-tional Institutes of Health with the necessary authority, resources and support it needs to further research and increase the fundamental biological understanding of the prevention, di-agnosis, and treatment of diseases and dis-orders. Additionally, the research initiatives under-taken by the National Institutes of Health may be supported through transactions other than contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements under the ACE Research Act. The ACE Research Act will provide the Na-tional Institutes of Health with the measures to implement high impact, cutting-edge research necessary to combat public health threats. Further, the National Institutes of Health will be able to partner with companies that have the technology and resources to administer this cutting-edge research. National Institutes of Health conducts tre-mendous, groundbreaking research that inves-tigates the causes and remedies of diseases, addictions, ailments, and other public health areas for all people. Moreover, the National Institutes of Health is the leading government agency that is respon-sible for essential public health and biomedical research, which helps Americans combat the health concerns that arise daily. The ACE Research Act will support the Na-tional Institutes of Health’s research initiatives in finding cures to the growing opioid addiction in America today. Opioid addiction, which includes the overuse of illicit and prescription drugs, is taking the lives of Americans across our nation each day. A Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion (CDC) report cited 63,632 drug overdose deaths in 2016 in America, 42,249 of which were related to opioid overdoses. In 2016, there were 1,375 opioid-related overdose deaths in Texas, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. In the city of Houston, there were 364 drug- related overdose deaths alone that happened in 2016 according to the Treatment Canter, a highly respected drug and alcohol addiction treatment service center. Therefore, it is vital that research is done concerning drug abuse and addictions, as it has been a long-term problem in our society. According to the American Society of Addic-tion Medicine, addiction is ‘‘a primary, chronic disease of brain reward, motivation, memory and related circuitry.’’ Addiction is not a choice, a moral feeling, or a lack of will-power; it is a disease of the brain that requires proper treatment. Addiction is a longstanding mental and physical illness that many Americans are fac-ing today, leading to their lives being com-promised, and in some cases even leading to their death. The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is overseeing important research to respond to this epidemic, and this bill responds favorably to its request for more flexibility in conducting research on treatments for opioid addiction and other disease areas. This research may lead to scientific ad-vances that may find solutions to the opioid crisis, as well as solutions to other addictions and public health threats. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5002, which will expand the Na-tional Institutes of Health’s research initiatives to include valuable research that will address the multitude of health concerns facing Ameri-cans today. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
ALBERG ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5002. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
MEDICAID INSTITUTES FOR MEN-TAL DISEASE ARE DECISIVE IN DELIVERING INPATIENT TREAT-MENT FOR INDIVIDUALS BUT OP-PORTUNITIES FOR NEEDED AC-CESS ARE LIMITED WITHOUT IN-FORMATION NEEDED ABOUT FA-CILITY OBLIGATIONS ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5800) to require the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission to conduct an exploratory study and report on requirements applicable to and practices of institutions for mental diseases under the Medicaid program. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5800 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medicaid In-stitutes for Mental Disease Are Decisive in Delivering Inpatient Treatment for Individ-uals but Opportunities for Needed Access are Limited without Information Needed about Facility Obligations Act’’ or the ‘‘Medicaid IMD ADDITIONAL INFO Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MACPAC EXPLORATORY STUDY AND RE-PORT ON INSTITUTIONS FOR MEN-TAL DISEASES REQUIREMENTS AND PRACTICES UNDER MEDICAID. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission established under sec-tion 1900 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396) shall conduct an exploratory study, using data from a representative sam-ple of States, and submit to Congress a re-port on at least the following information, with respect to services furnished to individ-uals enrolled under State plans under the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) (or waivers of such plans) who are patients in institutions for mental diseases and for which payment is made through fee-for-service or managed care arrangements under such State plans (or waivers): (1) A description of such institutions for mental diseases in each such State, includ-ing at a minimum— (A) the number of such institutions in the State; (B) the facility type of such institutions in the State; and (C) any coverage limitations under each such State plan (or waiver) on scope, dura-tion, or frequency of such services. (2) With respect to each such institution for mental diseases in each such State, a de-scription of— (A) such services provided at such institu-tion; (B) the process, including any timeframe, used by such institution to clinically assess and reassess such individuals; and (C) the discharge process used by such in-stitution, including any care continuum of relevant services or facilities provided or used in such process. (3) A description of— (A) any Federal waiver that each such State has for such institutions and the Fed-eral statutory authority for such waiver; and (B) any other Medicaid funding sources used by each such State for funding such in-stitutions, such as supplemental payments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.030 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5041 June 12, 2018 
(4) A summary of State requirements (such as certification, licensure, and accreditation) applied by each such State to such institu-tions in order for such institutions to receive payment under the State plan (or waiver) and how each such State determines if such requirements have been met. (5) A summary of State standards (such as quality standards, clinical standards, and fa-cility standards) that such institutions must meet to receive payment under such State plans (or waivers) and how each such State determines if such standards have been met. (6) Recommendations for actions by Con-gress and the Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services. such as how State Medicaid programs may improve care and improve standards and including a recommendation for how the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services can improve data collection from such programs to address any gaps in infor-mation. (b) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Medicaid and CHIP Pay-ment and Access Commission shall seek input from State Medicaid directors and stakeholders, including at a minimum the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, Centers for Medicare & Med-icaid Services, State Medicaid officials, State mental health authorities, Medicaid beneficiary advocates, health care providers, and Medicaid managed care organizations. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) R
EPRESENTATIVE SAMPLE OF STATES .— The term ‘‘representative sample of States’’ means a non-probability sample in which at least two States are selected based on the knowledge and professional judgment of the selector. (2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth or territory of the United States. (3) I
NSTITUTION FOR MENTAL DISEASES .—The term ‘‘institution for mental diseases’’ has the meaning given such term in section 435.1009 of title 42, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor regulation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill, sponsored by my colleagues, Representatives U
PTON , W
ALTERS , BLACKBURN , and myself, re-quires the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission, known as MACPAC, to submit to Congress by January 1, 2020, a report about the services furnished to Medicaid enroll-ees who are patients in an IMD, that is, an institute of mental disease. As we know, an IMD is a facility of more than 16 beds that is primarily en-gaged in providing diagnosis, treat-ment, or care of persons with mental diseases, including treatment for indi-viduals with substance use disorder. Now, since the 1960s, Medicaid’s IMD exclusion has limited the cir-cumstances under which Federal Med-icaid matching funds are available for inpatient mental healthcare. This means that Medicaid beneficiaries with mental health or substance use dis-orders are statutorily barred from re-ceiving care in an IMD. While Medicaid has the IMD exclu-sion, there is great need for this care. According to SAMHSA’s 2014 National Survey on Drug Use and Health, about 8 million people—8 million, Mr. Speak-er—had a mental disorder and a sub-stance use disorder, also known as co- occurring mental and substance use disorders. So where do Medicaid beneficiaries get the inpatient care they need? That is the question. First, States can provide Medicaid coverage for services rendered in facili-ties that do not meet the definition of an IMD, such as facilities with 16 or fewer beds, and facilities that are not primarily engaged in providing care to individuals with mental diseases. Second, States can get a waiver to allow for IMD services to be reim-bursed. However, as we all know, waiv-ers take a lot of time, and not all States have them. So because of these complications, there is a great variation, and, frankly, little information on IMD services. That information is limited to one GAO report about types of institu-tional care. The goal of this legislation is to bet-ter help Congress and CMS understand how current Medicaid dollars are being used to provide care for patients with substance use disorder and mental health disease in an IMD. This bill seeks to identify gaps in our knowledge about IMDs and leverage MACPAC’s re-search capabilities to help address these gaps. Given the broad bipartisan interest in ensuring patients have access to the full continuum of care, we want to en-sure Congress and CMS understand how Medicaid dollars for services are being used, whether that is under a waiver, under managed care, or under fee-for- service Medicaid. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the former chairman of the full com-mittee, the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee, who was very instru-mental in this legislation. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the time, and I will be short. This bill is important. It is bipar-tisan, and it ensures that patients will have access to the full continuum of care. It is important to make sure that Congress and CMS understand how those dollars for Medicaid are being used. Whether that is under a waiver, whether it is under managed care, under fee for service, the goal of this legislation is to identify those gaps in our knowledge and to leverage MACPAC’s research capabilities to ad-dress those gaps for the betterment of patients not only in Michigan but, ob-viously, around the country. So this simply requires that Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Com-mission submit to Congress a report on the information about services fur-nished to Medicaid enrollees who are patients in an institute of mental dis-ease, IMD, including standards that they must follow, including quality standards and recommendations how they can include the data collection for IMDs. This is going to be better for ev-erybody, which is one of the reasons why it should have no opposition. I appreciate the leadership of MIKE B
URGESS , the chair of the Health Sub-committee, and Chairman W
ALDEN , and our friends on the other side of the aisle who, again, worked with us to make sure that this could be a reality this afternoon. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on H.R. 5800, the Medicaid Institutions of Mental Disease ADDITIONAL INFO Act. This bill would require the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Com-mission to conduct a comparative study to assess IMD quality in States and issue a report on requirements ap-plicable to and practices of institutions for mental disease under the Medicaid program. We know that nearly half of all States already have or have applied for 1,115 waivers that allow for IMD serv-ices to be provided to patients with substance use disorder. Additional States provide IMD services already to patients in Medicaid through their managed care programs. It is important to understand the overall quality of institutions of men-tal disease that exists throughout the country. This cannot be accomplished without data on our current IMDs. The study will include information on how many institutions for mental disease are within States, coverage limitations, services they provide, whether States have a waiver to pro-vide such coverage through Medicaid, and funding involved with such institu-tions. Additionally, this study will seek recommendations on how State Medicaid programs can provide the standards of care provided by IMDs. Additional data is obviously a good goal, particularly on IMD coverage, given the controversy surrounding this issue, and so I support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe I have any other speakers on this legislation, so I would urge its pas-sage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.015 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5042 June 12, 2018 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I would also urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5800. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
JESSIE’S LAW Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5009) to include information con-cerning a patient’s opioid addiction in certain medical records, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5009 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as ‘‘Jessie’s Law’’. 
SEC. 2. INCLUSION OF OPIOID ADDICTION HIS-TORY IN PATIENT RECORDS. 
(a) B ESTPRACTICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, in con-sultation with appropriate stakeholders, in-cluding a patient with a history of opioid use disorder, an expert in electronic health records, an expert in the confidentiality of patient health information and records, and a health care provider, shall identify or fa-cilitate the development of best practices re-garding— (A) the circumstances under which infor-mation that a patient has provided to a health care provider regarding such patient’s history of opioid use disorder should, only at the patient’s request, be prominently dis-played in the medical records (including electronic health records) of such patient; (B) what constitutes the patient’s request for the purpose described in subparagraph (A); and (C) the process and methods by which the information should be so displayed. (2) D
ISSEMINATION .—The Secretary shall disseminate the best practices developed under paragraph (1) to health care providers and State agencies. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In identifying or fa-cilitating the development of best practices under subsection (a), as applicable, the Sec-retary, in consultation with appropriate stakeholders, shall consider the following: (1) The potential for addiction relapse or overdose, including overdose death, when opioid medications are prescribed to a pa-tient recovering from opioid use disorder. (2) The benefits of displaying information about a patient’s opioid use disorder history in a manner similar to other potentially le-thal medical concerns, including drug aller-gies and contraindications. (3) The importance of prominently dis-playing information about a patient’s opioid use disorder when a physician or medical professional is prescribing medication, in-cluding methods for avoiding alert fatigue in providers. (4) The importance of a variety of appro-priate medical professionals, including phy-sicians, nurses, and pharmacists, to have ac-cess to information described in this section when prescribing or dispensing opioid medi-cation, consistent with Federal and State laws and regulations. (5) The importance of protecting patient privacy, including the requirements related to consent for disclosure of substance use disorder information under all applicable laws and regulations. (6) All applicable Federal and State laws and regulations. SEC. 3. COMMUNICATION WITH FAMILIES DUR-ING EMERGENCIES. 
(a) P ROMOTING AWARENESS OF AUTHORIZED  D
ISCLOSURES DURING EMERGENCIES .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services and the Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, shall annually develop and disseminate written materials (electronically or by other means) to health care providers regarding permitted disclosures under Federal health care pri-vacy law during emergencies, including overdoses, of certain health information to families, caregivers, and health care pro-viders. (b) U
SE OF MATERIAL .—For the purposes of carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services may use mate-rial produced under section 11004 of the 21st Century Cures Act (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to insert extra-neous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 5009. This is known as Jessie’s Law, and it is writ-ten in memory of Michigan resident Jessie Grubb, who tragically died of an opioid overdose in 2016. This legislation will help ensure med-ical professionals have access to a con-senting patient’s complete health in-formation when making treatment de-cisions. This is critical to ensure that mistakes, such as the one that trag-ically happened to Jessie Grubb, never ever, ever happen again. This bill also incorporates the lan-guage of H.R. 5695, known as Emmett’s Law, which would require the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to develop best practices for healthcare providers on permitted disclosures of medical records during emergencies with families, caregivers, and other healthcare providers. I thank my colleagues from Michi-gan, Representatives T
IMWALBERG and D
EBBIE DINGELL , for leading this im-portant initiative, along with the col-laboration and support of Representa-tives EVAN JENKINS , CAROL SHEA-POR-
TER, T OM MACARTHUR , V ICKY H
ARTZLER , B OBLATTA , and D AVID M
CKINLEY . They have all put a lot of time and effort into this to solve a problem many of us have encountered in our States and our districts. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), an author of this incredibly important piece of legislation. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding, and I thank Congresswoman D
EBBIE DINGELL for working with me on this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5009, Jessie’s Law. Everywhere I go in Michigan, I hear about the opioid crisis. It truly is the crisis next door. For many of our friends and loved ones, the terrifying realities of addiction are difficult to es-cape. The story behind Jessie’s Law is a tragic one. The bill is named in mem-ory of Jessie Grubb, a young woman living in Michigan at the time she died of an opioid overdose. Jessie was train-ing for a marathon when a running in-jury required her to undergo surgery. Before the procedure, Jessie and her parents informed the hospital that she was in recovery from addiction; how-ever, that information never made it to her discharging physician. Jessie was unknowingly discharged from the hos-pital with a prescription for oxycodone, which ultimately led to her death. If Jessie’s history of addiction had been noted on her chart in a manner similar to other potentially lethal medical concerns, like a drug allergy, Jessie might still be here today. Jessie’s tragic story was entirely pre-ventable and is an example of why we need commonsense legislation like Jessie’s Law. Jessie’s Law will require the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to establish best practices for hospitals and physicians for sharing information about a patient’s past opioid addiction when that information is willingly shared by the patients with their doc-tor. By ensuring medical professionals are equipped with the right processes and tools to safely treat their patients, we can prevent future overdose trage-dies like Jessie’s. Mr. Speaker, the opioid crisis is dev-astating the dreams of a generation. Let’s pass Jessie’s Law today and help save lives in our communities. b1530 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5009. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 5009. As we know, opioid use a disorder is a medical condition that requires lifelong man-agement. Even if someone has completed treatment successfully and is in long-term re-covery, the risk of relapse remains. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.034 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5043 June 12, 2018 
A patient recovering from opioid use dis-order may visit a healthcare provider or re-quire medical interventions that typically result in the need to treat pain. However, for those affected with opioid use disorder, a prescription of an opioid medica-tion could cause individuals to relapse into misuse and lead to an overdose or even death. H.R. 5009, Jessie’s Law, is bipartisan legis-lation introduced by Rep. W
ALBERG (R–MI) and Rep. D
INGELL (D–MI) that would require the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices (HHS) to convene appropriate stake-holders and develop best practices for dis-playing opioid use disorder history prominently on a patient’s medical records, whenever re-quested by a patient. This legislation would enable patients suf-fering from opioid use disorder to choose to share their history with opioids with healthcare providers and have that information promi-nently displayed in their medical record—al-lowing for better informed, safer pain manage-ment care. This legislation would also require HHS to annually develop and disseminate written ma-terials to health care providers regarding per-mitted disclosures of certain information to families, caregivers, and health care providers under Federal health care privacy laws during emergencies. This will improve the awareness of providers of instances in which they may share informa-tion about a patient’s overdose with their fam-ily. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ), one of the sponsors, Mrs. D
INGELL . Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member P
ALLONE for yielding to me, and I again want to thank Chairman W
ALDEN for bringing this bill to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5009, Jessie’s Law, and I am very proud of the work that I have done with my colleague, T
IMWALBERG , from Michi-gan. In Michigan, we are really trying to address this problem together. This story is personal to me, as it is to Congressman W
ALBERG and my col-leagues who have gotten to know Jessie’s story. It has been a moving ex-perience to be part of a process to pass this legislation in her honor. In March 2016, we lost a brave, young woman named Jessie Grubb. She was a great student, a loving daughter, a sis-ter, and an avid runner. She was, as has been noted, recovering from an opioid addiction issue. She moved to Michi-gan hoping for a reset and a better fu-ture. When she had surgery for an infec-tion related to a running injury, her parents came to take care of her and made it clear to the doctors at the hos-pital that she was a recovering addict and should not be prescribed opioids. As you have heard, she was discharged from the hospital with 50 oxycodone pills. Very soon after, she suffered from a fatal overdose. The story of Jessie breaks your heart, mostly because this death was preventable. We must ensure that doc-tors are notified when a patient has consented to sharing information re-lated to an addiction. Jessie’s Law would require that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services establish best practices for en-suring that medical professionals have full knowledge of their patient’s opioid addiction if that patient gives consent. This is absolutely essential. If a pa-tient has given their consent that their history of substance abuse can be part of their medical record, then it should be displayed prominently. We don’t know all of the facts of this case, but we do know that Jessie’s parents did tell her doctor that she had a history of substance abuse, and yet they were prescribed anyway. We can’t have this kind of information lost in the jumble of a medical record. If a patient con-sents, it needs to be prominently dis-played. Our legislation convenes a panel of stakeholders to make recommenda-tions as to how to best achieve this change, including a patient with a his-tory of opioid use disorder, an expert in electronic health records, an expert in the confidentiality of patient health information and records, and a healthcare provider. Jessie’s death was 100 percent pre-ventable. And today, the House of Rep-resentatives is sending a strong mes-sage that her loss was not in vain and that no other family should ever have to go through what the Grubb family has gone through. This story is a real tragedy. Hopefully, passing Jessie’s Law will bring hope to the Grubbs and others throughout this country. This legislation represents a com-monsense step that deserves our sup-port, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port Jessie’s Law. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation. I thank the Members from Michigan who brought it to our attention, and worked with the full Energy and Com-merce Committee in bringing it to your disposal here on the floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I also urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5009, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SAFE DISPOSAL OF UNUSED MEDICATION ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5041) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to authorize the em-ployees of a hospice program to handle controlled substances in the residence of a deceased hospice patient to assist in disposal, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5041 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Safe Dis-posal of Unused Medication Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DISPOSAL OF CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES OF A DECEASED HOSPICE PATIENT BY EMPLOYEES OF A QUALIFIED HOSPICE PROGRAM. 
Subsection (g) of section 302 of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 822) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) In the case of a person receiving hospice care, an employee of a qualified hos-pice program, acting within the scope of em-ployment, may handle, without being reg-istered under this section, any controlled substance that was lawfully dispensed to the person receiving hospice care, for the pur-pose of disposal of the controlled substance after the death of such person, so long as such disposal occurs onsite in accordance with all applicable Federal, State, Tribal, and local law. ‘‘(B) For the purposes of this paragraph: ‘‘(i) The terms ‘hospice care’ and ‘hospice program’ have the meanings given to those terms in section 1861(dd) of the Social Secu-rity Act. ‘‘(ii) The term ‘employee of a qualified hos-pice program’ means a physician, nurse, or other person who— ‘‘(I) is employed by, or pursuant to ar-rangements made by, a qualified hospice pro-gram; ‘‘(II)(aa) is licensed to perform medical or nursing services by the jurisdiction in which the person receiving hospice care was lo-cated; and ‘‘(bb) is acting within the scope of such em-ployment in accordance with applicable State law; and ‘‘(III) has completed training through the qualified hospice program regarding the dis-posal of controlled substances in a secure and responsible manner so as to discourage abuse, misuse, or diversion. ‘‘(iii) The term ‘qualified hospice program’ means a hospice program that— ‘‘(I) has written policies and procedures for assisting in the disposal of the controlled substances of a person receiving hospice care after the person’s death; ‘‘(II) at the time when the controlled sub-stances are first ordered— ‘‘(aa) provides a copy of the written poli-cies and procedures to the patient or patient representative and family; ‘‘(bb) discusses the policies and procedures with the patient or representative and the family in a language and manner that they understand to ensure that these parties are educated regarding the safe disposal of con-trolled substances; and ‘‘(cc) documents in the patient’s clinical record that the written policies and proce-dures were provided and discussed; and ‘‘(III) at the time following the disposal of the controlled substances— ‘‘(aa) documents in the patient’s clinical record the type of controlled substance, dos-age, route of administration, and quantity so disposed; and ‘‘(bb) the time, date, and manner in which that disposal occurred.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.017 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5044 June 12, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, one of the best ways we can fight the opioid crisis is by de-creasing diversion of prescription drugs. This bill does just that, giving hospice employees new tools to dispose of unused medications on-site after a patient’s death. During the committee process, sev-eral thoughtful amendments were of-fered to perfect this language. For ex-ample, one clarified that the training will be conducted by the hospice pro-gram, not the Federal Government. Another added a recordkeeping standard for hospice programs to main-tain information within patients’ clin-ical charts of the controlled substance dosage, number of pills, and the way it is disposed of. And finally, a technical amendment incorporated comments from the DEA. Of note, there is one final technical correction incorporated into the sus-pension document, which clarifies that hospice employees may handle these unused controlled substances. This specification, obviously, improves the bill. In closing, Michigan Representative T
IM WALBERG and Representative D
EBBIE DINGELL should be commended for, once again, their bipartisan and thoughtful work on this legislation. They worked tirelessly to forge an in-clusive process, incorporating input from people in Michigan, hospice groups across the country, the agencies who will oversee this program, and oth-ers. Even more, their staff showed real initiative and reason as we put this to-gether. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), my colleague, to discuss this legislation. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5041, the Safe Dis-posal of Unused Medication Act is a bi-partisan, commonsense bill that simply allows trained hospice personnel to dis-pose of unused medications in a pa-tient’s home once the patient has passed away. For patients in hospice care, opioid medication can be effective in alle-viating pain associated with the end-of- life care. Unfortunately, current DEA regulations restrict visiting home hos-pice personnel from disposing of left-over medication after the patient has passed away. As a result, hospice staff must leave behind dangerous medica-tions that have a high risk for diver-sion or misuse. In my home State of Michigan, we have seen some real challenges with the diversion and misuse of leftover medications that have contributed to the opioid crisis. Earlier this year, the Energy and Commerce Committee heard testimony that just one hospice, caring for 2,000 patients per year, might be leaving be-hind tens of thousands of pills in need of disposal each year. According to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, 1.4 million Medicare bene-ficiaries were enrolled in hospice care in 2016. This means hospice workers across the country are potentially leaving huge quantities of unused medication in a home after a patient’s death. Mr. Speaker, we must act to curb the diversion of these powerful prescrip-tions. We know that, tragically, many people begin the cycle of addiction through the misuse of prescription medication. Hospices and hospice per-sonnel could play a key role in stop-ping that cycle before it begins by en-suring powerful drugs are disposed of in a responsible manner once they are no longer needed by the intended patient. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the committee staff for all of their hard work in getting this commonsense bill on the floor today, as well as my good friends Representative DEBBIE  D
INGELL , who worked closely with me on this legislation, and Representative R
ICHARD HUDSON , as well, for their sup-port on this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 5041. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5041, legislation offered by Representa-tive W
ALBERG , Representative D INGELL , and Representative H
UDSON , that will allow hospice workers to safely dispose of controlled substances, thereby re-ducing the number of unused con-trolled substances that are at risk of diversion or misuse. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5041, legislation offered by Representatives W
ALBERG , DINGELL , and H UDSON that will allow hospice workers to safely dispose of controlled substances, thereby reducing the number of unused controlled substances that are at risk of diversion or misuse. The diversion of unused prescription opioids is one of the major contributors to the opioid crisis facing our country. It has been estimated that around 70 percent of those who abuse opioids receive them from a friend or family, making it critical that strategies be put in place that will limit the ability for leftover controlled substances to fall into the wrong hands. Current regulations prevent hospice per-sonnel from handling or destroying controlled substances following a patient’s passing un-less a state or locality allows them to do so under law. As a result, hospice workers have no choice but to leave behind controlled sub-stances that may be at risk for abuse or mis-use by those who were never intended to have access to such medications. H.R. 5041 would clarify that hospice workers would have the authority to handle controlled substances for purposes of disposal following a patient’s passing. H.R. 5041 also makes clear that hospice workers tasked with disposing of unneeded controlled substances receive training through a qualified hospice program on how to prop-erly dispose of these substances to ensure they cannot be extracted for purposes of fur-ther abuse. In addition, the legislation would also require hospice personnel to keep records on the disposal of the controlled sub-stance, including what controlled substances were destroyed, as well as the time and man-ner in which the disposal occurred. I want to thank the sponsors of H.R. 5041, Representatives WALBERG , DINGELL , and H UD-
SON for their work on this legislation, as well as the National Association for Home Care & Hospice and the National Hospice and Pallia-tive Care Organization for their support and thoughtful input. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this commonsense legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers on this matter, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
IN-
GELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member P
ALLONE for yielding. Mr. Speaker, it is a good bipartisan day for Michigan right now. It shows you that when we want to work to-gether, we can and do and are going to make a difference. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5041, the Safe Disposal of Unused Medi-cation Act, which I am proud to spon-sor with my colleague from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). I thank him for all of his good, hard work on this issue as we have learned together about things that are happening. Hospices perform an essential role in our healthcare system and we need to make every effort to support hospice employees, who do incredible work pro-viding care and comfort in those final days of life. We need to make their jobs as easy as possible. We also need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to stop op-portunities for the diversion of opioids. This is essential if we are going to make a real impact in ending this epi-demic, which is so devastating to fami-lies in every corner of our country. This is an important bill, which achieves both goals of supporting hos-pices and stopping opportunities for di-version. The Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act closes a critical gap in our laws that prohibits hospice em-ployees from disposing of unused opioids after a patient has, unfortu-nately, passed away. Right now, the way the law is, if a patient dies in hospice care and they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.040 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5045 June 12, 2018 
have a large vial of unused opioids, the family cannot get any help from the hospice staff to dispose of them. For the family, these are very difficult mo-ments. They have just lost a loved one and they don’t need any additional problems, like trying to figure out how to dispose of the unneeded opioids. This bill amends the Controlled Sub-stances Act to permit hospice employ-ees to handle controlled substances in a patient’s residence in order to assist in drug disposal upon a patient’s death. This commonsense fix is a win for pa-tients and their families, a win for hos-pice employees, and a win for public health efforts to crack down on this di-version. If we continue to improve our efforts to dispose of unused opioids, like what we are doing in this legislation, then we will continue to ensure there are fewer opportunities for those pills to end up in the hands of those who abuse them. By passing this legislation, we can provide for the safe destruction of thousands, literally hundreds of thou-sands, of unused opioids that might end up otherwise on the street and feed the addiction of too many. I am pleased, as has been noted, that it has the support of both the National Association for Home Care and Hos-pice, as well as the National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I, again, thank my friend and colleague, Mr. W
ALBERG , for his bipartisan work on this bill and other opioid issues, and I urge all Members to vote in favor of H.R. 5041. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers on this matter. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I also urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5041, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER WORK-FORCE LOAN REPAYMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5102) to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a loan repay-ment program for substance use dis-order treatment employees, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5102 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. LOAN REPAYMENT PROGRAM FOR SUB-STANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT EMPLOYEES. 
Title VII of the Public Health Service Act is amended— (1) by redesignating part F as part G; and (2) by inserting after part E (42 U.S.C. 294n et seq.) the following: ‘‘PART F—SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT EMPLOYEES 
‘‘SEC. 781. LOAN REPAYMENT PROGRAM FOR SUB-STANCE USE DISORDER TREATMENT EMPLOYEES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Administrator of the Health Re-sources and Services Administration, shall carry out a program under which— ‘‘(1) the Secretary enters into agreements with individuals to make payments in ac-cordance with subsection (b) on the principal of and interest on any eligible loan; and ‘‘(2) the individuals each agree to complete a period of service in a substance use dis-order treatment job, as described in sub-section (d). ‘‘(b) P
AYMENTS .—For each year of obli-gated service by an individual pursuant to an agreement under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall make a payment to such indi-vidual as follows: ‘‘(1) S
ERVICE IN A SHORTAGE AREA .—The Secretary shall pay— ‘‘(A) for each year of obligated service by an individual pursuant to an agreement under subsection (a), 
1⁄6of the principal of and interest on each eligible loan of the indi-vidual which is outstanding on the date the individual began service pursuant to the agreement; and ‘‘(B) for completion of the sixth and final year of such service, the remainder of such principal and interest. ‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The total amount of payments under this section to any indi-vidual shall not exceed $250,000. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE LOANS .—The loans eligible for repayment under this section are each of the following: ‘‘(1) Any loan for education or training for a substance use disorder treatment job. ‘‘(2) Any loan under part E of title VIII (re-lating to nursing student loans). ‘‘(3) Any Federal Direct Stafford Loan, Federal Direct PLUS Loan, or Federal Direct Unsubsidized Stafford Loan, or Federal Di-rect Consolidation Loan (as such terms are used in section 455 of the Higher Education Act of 1965). ‘‘(4) Any Federal Perkins Loan under part E of title I of the Higher Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(5) Any other Federal loan as determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF SERVICE .—The period of service required by an agreement under sub-section (a) shall consist of up to 6 years of full-time employment, with no more than one year passing between any two years of covered employment, in a substance use dis-order treatment job in the United States in— ‘‘(1) a Mental Health Professional Shortage Area, as designated under section 332; or ‘‘(2) a county (or a municipality, if not contained within any county) where the mean drug overdose death rate per 100,000 people over the past 3 years for which official data is available from the State, is higher than the most recent available national av-erage overdose death rate per 100,000 people, as reported by the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention. ‘‘(e) INELIGIBILITY FOR DOUBLE BENEFITS .— No borrower may, for the same service, re-ceive a reduction of loan obligations or a loan repayment under both— ‘‘(1) this subsection; and ‘‘(2) any Federally supported loan forgive-ness program, including under section 338B, 338I, or 846 of this Act, or section 428J, 428 L, 455(m), or 460 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(f) B
REACH .— ‘‘(1) L
IQUIDATED DAMAGES FORMULA .—The Secretary may establish a liquidated dam-ages formula to be used in the event of a breach of an agreement entered into under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The failure by an indi-vidual to complete the full period of service obligated pursuant to such an agreement, taken alone, shall not constitute a breach of the agreement, so long as the individual completed in good faith the years of service for which payments were made to the indi-vidual under this section. ‘‘(g) A
DDITIONAL CRITERIA .—The Sec-retary— ‘‘(1) may establish such criteria and rules to carry out this section as the Secretary de-termines are needed and in addition to the criteria and rules specified in this section; and ‘‘(2) shall give notice to the committees specified in subsection (h) of any criteria and rules so established. ‘‘(h) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of the Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Re-payment Act of 2018, and every other year thereafter, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report on— ‘‘(1) the number and location of borrowers who have qualified for loan repayments under this section; and ‘‘(2) the impact of this section on the avail-ability of substance use disorder treatment employees nationally and in shortage areas and counties described in subsection (d). ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘municipality’ means a city, town, or other public body created by or pur-suant to State law, or an Indian Tribe. ‘‘(2) The term ‘substance use disorder treatment job’ means a full-time job (includ-ing a fellowship)— ‘‘(A) where the primary intent and func-tion of the job is the direct treatment or re-covery support of patients with or in recov-ery from a substance use disorder, such as a physician, physician assistant, registered nurse, nurse practitioner, advanced practice registered nurse, social worker, recovery coach, mental health counselor, addictions counselor, psychologist or other behavioral health professional, or any other relevant professional as determine by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) which is located at a substance use disorder treatment program, private physi-cian practice, hospital or health system-af-filiated inpatient treatment center or out-patient clinic (including an academic med-ical center-affiliated treatment program), correctional facility or program, youth de-tention center or program, inpatient psy-chiatric facility, crisis stabilization unit, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.041 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5046 June 12, 2018 
community health center, community men-tal health or other specialty community be-havioral health center, recovery center, school, community-based organization, tele-health platform, migrant health center, health program or facility operated by a tribe or tribal organization, Federal medical facility, or any other facility as determined appropriate for purposes of this section by the Secretary. ‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2028.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. I ask unanimous con-sent that all Members may have 5 leg-islative days in which to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 5102. This is the Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act. It is legislation that would create a loan repayment program for substance use disorder treatment providers. Serious workforce shortages exist for all health professions across the United States. We know that. But a delay in addiction treatment for a patient with substance use disorder can be a life-or- death situation. By offering student loan repayment for those who agree to work as a sub-stance use disorder treatment profes-sional in an underserved area, this bill encourages more people to enter the substance use disorder treatment field and get critical services to areas that are seriously in dire need of treatment. I would like to thank my colleagues, Representatives K
ATHERINE CLARK , H
ALROGERS , J OHN SARBANES , and B
RETT GUTHRIE , for leading this impor-tant initiative. It is brought to you from your Energy and Commerce Com-mittee with a unanimous vote. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5102, the Substance Use Disorder Work-force Loan Repayment Act. This bill would create a loan repayment pro-gram to provide loan repayment assist-ance to substance use disorder pro-viders in exchange for providing sub-stance use disorder treatment and re-covery support services in areas with high need for such services. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I thank the main sponsor, Represent-ative C
LARK , for her leadership and Representative S
ARBANES . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ). Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5102, the Substance Use Dis-order Workforce Loan Repayment Act. As families at home know too well, our country is in the midst of a dev-astating public health crisis. The opioid epidemic claims more than 115 lives every day, and in 2016 alone, more than 42,000 people lost their lives to opioid-related drug overdoses, and more than 64,000 died from drug overdoses overall. Every one of those lives lost left heartbroken families, friends, and communities. Part of addressing this epidemic is making sure that everyone who is looking for help can access effective treatment and ongoing management of this chronic condition. To date, how-ever, we have failed in this endeavor. The Surgeon General’s 2016 report on addiction estimates that only 10 per-cent of Americans living with sub-stance use disorder receive any treat-ment. There are a range of barriers to ac-cessing treatment, but one of the most significant is a shortage in the work-force needed to provide it. Between the rising cost of education, low salaries, and a high burnout rate from the stressful and emotional work, it is a struggle to attract new people to the treatment field and keep those who work in it long term. In my district, I have heard time and again from families and providers that there simply aren’t enough treatment specialists available to help the grow-ing number of people who desperately need treatment. I have heard from fam-ilies who have tried to get their loved ones into treatment and lost them to an overdose before they were able to get them the help they needed. No one should have to live with that heartbreak. That is why I authored this legislation with my esteemed col-league from Kentucky, Chairman H
AL R
OGERS . This bill will help recruit and retain more treatment experts by offer-ing up to $250,000 in student loan repay-ment for participants who agree to work in the treatment field for up to 6 years. The program will cover professionals who represent the whole spectrum of treatment, from physicians to nurses, to social workers, to recovery coaches, promoting the kind of wraparound treatment approach that we know gives patients the best chance for suc-cess. By providing a portion of loan repay-ment for each year of service, the pro-gram encourages treatment profes-sionals to stay in the field longer. Further, this legislation is designed to send help where it is needed the most. Participants in the program must work in a county or municipality with either a shortage of mental health professionals or an above-average rate of overdose deaths. Whether you live in an urban or rural area, from Massachu-setts to Kentucky, more need will mean more available treatment. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman ROG-
ERSfor his partnership on this impor-tant legislation and the other original cosponsors, as well as the Energy and Commerce Committee and their staff for their work throughout this process. We need to make significant long- term investments in the professionals who make recovery possible. People’s lives depend on it. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Before I recognize my colleague from Kentucky, I just want to say, Mr. R
OG-
ERShas spent many, many years lead-ing nationally not only here in the Congress, but nationally and in Ken-tucky on this issue of addiction and the scourge of opioids as they have flooded into our area. His leadership has been very, very valuable in this en-deavor. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ). Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman W
ALDEN for those words. This is a fight that is critical to the country, and I want to thank the chair-man of the committee, Mr. W
ALDEN , and Mr. P
ALLONE and the other mem-bers of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee for reporting out for consider-ation today this multipronged assault on this cruel epidemic that is ravaging the country. The committee has re-sponded, and I thank Chairman W
AL-
DENfor all of these bills that are here with us today, especially the bill that we are debating now, and that is the Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act. We have invested billions of dollars in treatment and recovery services. As the gentlewoman from Massachusetts has just said, only 10 percent of Ameri-cans with a disorder actually receive treatment; 90 percent go without treat-ment. That situation is even more dire in small communities. Far too often, when our rural constituents recognize their addiction, they are not able to find treatment or recovery services anywhere close to home or at all. Those who do enter the treatment profession often don’t stay long due to the stress of the job. They don’t work in areas most in need of their services, or they have difficulty repaying these sizeable student loans. If we want to maximize our downpayment for the fu-ture, these professionals are the key. H.R. 5102 creates a substantial stu-dent loan repayment benefit for a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.019 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5047 June 12, 2018 
broad spectrum of medical profes-sionals who enter this noble vocation. It also ensures that these individuals serve in areas most in need of their services for the long haul, offering periodic payments over 6 years. With these incentives in place, more of our constituents suffering from ad-diction will receive the quality treat-ment they so desperately need. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. C
LARK for her genuine concern about the problem and her partnership, and also Dr. B
UR-
GESS and his team for their guidance on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Chairman W
ALDEN for bringing this bill forward and all of the others that have been re-ported out today, and I thank Mr. P
AL-
LONE and the rest of the committee for the great work that they are doing in a bipartisan fashion. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
AR-
BANES ). Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman P
ALLONE for yield-ing. I rise in support of H.R. 5102, the Sub-stance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I thank the authors of the bill, my colleagues K
ATHERINE  C
LARK and H ALROGERS , for putting this together. It is a very carefully crafted bill to address the problem which it discovered, really, which is there is this serious shortage of sub-stance use disorder professionals across the country. We are experiencing shortages in a lot of areas of the healthcare work-force, that is true, but if we are going to address the opioid crisis that we face, this epidemic across the country, we have to bring particular attention to the workforce shortages with re-spect to substance use disorder profes-sionals. According to SAMHSA, which is the agency which deals with these issues, in 2012, the turnover rates in the addic-tion services workforce ranged from 18.5 to over 50 percent. So there is a huge turnover there that has to be ad-dressed. In a recent survey, nearly half of clinical directors in agencies that spe-cialize in substance use disorder treat-ment acknowledged that they have real difficulty filling these open positions. In my district, I have heard from many of the community health cen-ters—Baltimore Medical System, Health Care for the Homeless, and oth-ers—that said they can’t hire enough of these folks and they can’t keep enough of these folks to address the opioid cri-sis. We need this workforce to address the millions of people who require this important treatment, and this bill does that. It is a very, very important step forward. It will create this loan repay-ment program for professionals who are in this area of substance use dis-order treatment. They can receive up to $250,000 if they agree to work as a treatment professional in this area and in a geographical area of high need. Again, carefully crafted, this treat-ment can take place in a number of dif-ferent facilities, community health centers, hospitals, recovery programs, correctional facilities, et cetera. So the idea was to figure out where those shortages are and direct the bill’s support to those areas: a broad range of direct care providers, physicians, reg-istered nurses, social workers, and other behavioral health providers. This is going to help address the problem of recruitment, attracting new people to the field, as well as help with retention of those people. It is a very, very important bill. Mr. Speaker, I was proud to join my colleagues, KATHERINE CLARK , H AL R
OGERS on our committee, B RETT  G
UTHRIE , and others, in supporting this. I hope all of my colleagues here today will support this important bill. b1600 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, so I urge sup-port for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I would do the same, urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5102, the ‘‘Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018.’’ H.R. 5102 would establish a loan repayment program for mental health professionals prac-ticing in areas with few mental health pro-viders or with high death rates from overdose. Mr. Speaker, this bill will amend the Public Health Service Act to create a loan repayment program for individuals who complete a period of service in a substance use disorder treat-ment job in a mental health professional short-age area and counties where the drug over-dose death rate is higher than the national av-erage. This bill authorizes $25 million per year over fiscal years 2019–2028. H.R. 5102 will strengthen America’s sub-stance abuse treatment workforce and provide for greater access to care for patients who need it the most. Mr. Speaker, the current trends of sub-stance abuse in the U.S. are startling. A Columbia University study found that over 40 million Americans age 12 and over meet the clinical criteria for drug addiction and abuse. As substance abuse rates and death from overdose rates increase, studies project a shortage of 85,000 physicians in 2020—the impact of which will be the most devastating in rural communities. In my home state of Texas, 10.1 people die per 100,000 in the population from drug overdoses. In 2016, in Houston there were 364 drug overdose related deaths reported. H.R. 5102 addresses these critical issues by providing an additional path for health care providers to practice in rural and underserved communities, ultimately giving greater access to care for those suffering from substance use disorder. This piece of legislation will strengthen rural health care systems and will improve access to care for patients in these rural communities. Mr. Speaker, the ‘‘Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repayment Act of 2018’’ will help build a well-equipped workforce to com-bat the current rise in substance use dis-orders. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WALBERG ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5102. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PREVENTING OVERDOSES WHILE IN EMERGENCY ROOMS ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5176) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide coordinated care to patients who have experienced a non-fatal overdose after emergency room discharge, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5176 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preventing Overdoses While in Emergency Rooms Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROGRAM TO SUPPORT EMERGENCY ROOM DISCHARGE AND CARE CO-ORDINATION FOR DRUG OVERDOSE PATIENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall establish a pro-gram (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Pro-gram’’) to develop protocols for discharging patients who have presented with a drug overdose and enhance the integration and co-ordination of care and treatment options for individuals with substance use disorder after discharge. (b) G
RANT ESTABLISHMENT AND PARTICIPA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the Pro-gram, the Secretary shall award grants on a competitive basis to not more than 20 eligi-ble entities described in paragraph (2). (2) E
LIGIBILITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—To be eligible for a grant under this subsection, an entity shall be— (i) a health care site described in subpara-graph (B); or (ii) a health care site coordinator described in subparagraph (C). (B) H
EALTH CARE SITES .—To be eligible for a grant under this section, a health care site shall— (i) submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as specified by the Secretary; (ii) have an emergency department; (iii)(I) have a licensed health care profes-sional onsite who has a waiver under section 303(g) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)) to dispense or prescribe cov-ered drugs; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.045 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5048 June 12, 2018 
(II) have a demonstrable plan to hire a suf-ficient number of full-time licensed health care professionals who have waivers de-scribed in subclause (I) to administer such treatment onsite; (iv) have in place an agreement with a suf-ficient number and range of entities certified under applicable State and Federal law, such as pursuant to registration or a waiver under section 303(g) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823(g)) or certification as de-scribed in section 8.2 of title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations, to provide treatment for substance use disorder such that the enti-ty or the resulting network of entities with an agreement with the hospital cumulatively are capable of providing all evidence-based services for the treatment of substance use disorder, as medically appropriate for the in-dividual involved, including— (I) medication-assisted treatment; (II) withdrawal and detoxification services that include patient evaluation, stabiliza-tion, and readiness for and entry into treat-ment; and (III) counseling; (v) deploy onsite peer recovery specialists to help connect patients with treatment and recovery support services; and (vi) include the provision of overdose re-versal medication in discharge protocols for opioid overdose patients. (C) H
EALTH CARE SITE COORDINATORS .—To be eligible for a grant under this section, a health care site coordinator shall— (i) be an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code) or a State, local, or Tribal gov-ernment; (ii) submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as specified by the Secretary; and (iii) have an agreement with multiple eligi-ble health care sites described in subpara-graph (B). (3) P
REFERENCE .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary may give pref-erence to eligible entities described in para-graph (2) that meet either or both of the fol-lowing criteria: (A) The eligible health care site is, or the eligible health care site coordinator has an agreement described in paragraph (2)(C)(iii) with a site that is, a critical access hospital (as defined in section 1861(mm)(1) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(mm)(1))), a low-volume hospital (as defined in section 1886(d)(12)(C)(i) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(12)(C)(i))), or a sole community hospital (as defined in section 1886(d)(5)(D)(iii) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(D)(iii))). (B) The eligible health care site or the eli-gible health care site coordinator is located in a geographic area with a drug overdose rate that is higher than the national rate, or in a geographic area with a rate of emer-gency department visits for overdoses that is higher than the national rate, as determined by the Secretary based on the most recent data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (4) M
EDICATION -ASSISTED TREATMENT DE -
FINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘medication-assisted treatment’’ means the use of a drug approved under sec-tion 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) or a biological prod-uct licensed under section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262), in com-bination with behavioral health services, to provide an individualized approach to the treatment of substance use disorders, includ-ing opioid use disorders. (c) PERIOD OF GRANT .—A grant awarded to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of at least 2 years. (d) G
RANT USES.— (1) R
EQUIRED USES .—A grant awarded under this section to an eligible entity shall be used for both of the following purposes: (A) To establish policies and procedures that address the provision of overdose rever-sal medication, prescription and dispensing of medication-assisted treatment to an emergency department patient who has had a non-fatal overdose or who is at risk of a drug overdose, and the subsequent referral to evidence-based treatment upon discharge for patients who have experienced a non-fatal drug overdose or who are at risk of a drug overdose. (B) To develop best practices for treating non-fatal drug overdoses, including with re-spect to care coordination and integrated care models for long term treatment and re-covery options for individuals who have ex-perienced a non-fatal drug overdose. (2) A
DDITIONAL PERMISSIBLE USES .—A grant awarded under this section to an eligible en-tity may be used for any of the following purposes: (A) To hire emergency department peer re-covery specialists; counselors; therapists; so-cial workers; or other licensed medical pro-fessionals specializing in the treatment of substance use disorder. (B) To establish integrated models of care for individuals who have experienced a non- fatal drug overdose which may include pa-tient assessment, follow up, and transpor-tation to treatment facilities. (C) To provide for options for increasing the availability and access of medication-as-sisted treatment and other evidence-based treatment for individuals with substance use disorders. (D) To offer consultation with and referral to other supportive services that help in treatment and recovery. (e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (1) R
EPORTS BY GRANTEES .—Each eligible entity awarded a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary an annual re-port for each year for which the entity has received such grant that includes informa-tion on— (A) the number of individuals treated at the site (or, in the case of an eligible health care site coordinator, at sites covered by the agreement referred to in subsection (b)(2)(C)(iii)) for non-fatal overdoses in the emergency department; (B) the number of individuals administered each medication-assisted treatment at such site or sites in the emergency department; (C) the number of individuals referred by such site or sites to other treatment facili-ties after a non-fatal overdose, the types of such other facilities, and the number of such individuals admitted to such other facilities pursuant to such referrals; (D) the frequency and number of patient readmissions for non-fatal overdoses and substance use disorder; (E) for what the grant funding was used; and (F) the effectiveness of, and any other rel-evant additional data regarding, having an onsite health care professional to administer and begin medication-assisted treatment for substance use disorders. (2) R
EPORT BY SECRETARY .—Not less than one year after the conclusion of the Pro-gram, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report that includes— (A) findings of the Program; (B) overall patient outcomes under the Program, such as with respect to hospital re-admission; (C) what percentage of patients treated by a site funded through a grant under this sec-tion were readmitted to a hospital for non- fatal or fatal overdose; (D) an evaluation determining the effec-tiveness of having a practitioner onsite to administer and begin medication-assisted treatment for substance use disorder; and (E) a compilation of voluntary guidelines and best practices from the reports sub-mitted under paragraph (1). (f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act $50,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 5176, the Preventing Overdoses While in Emer-gency Rooms Act, or the POWER Act. This legislation will provide needed re-sources to help hospitals, health de-partments, and health systems to de-velop discharge protocols for patients who have had an opioid overdose, such as the provision of naloxone upon dis-charge, and referrals to treatment and other services that best fit the pa-tients’ needs. By putting rapid referral systems in place, we can better place those pre-senting with an overdose in evidence- based treatment and get patients on the road to recovery. I want to thank my colleagues, Rep-resentatives D
AVID MCKINLEY of West Virginia and M
IKEDOYLE of Pennsyl-vania, for leading this initiative. I am going to yield to my colleague from West Virginia, but before I do, I just want to say what a leader D
AVID M
CKINLEY has been on this issue in-volving opioids. We have met on countless occasions. He has brought many initiatives to our committee. While he is the lead on this bill, he has been instrumental on near-ly all the bills that we have considered and has been a tireless advocate for the people of West Virginia in this matter. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ). Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for those kind re-marks. This is not just West Virginia, but it is all across this country. I think we are speaking for all and trying to give a voice all across the country. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5176, the Preventing Overdoses While in the Emergency Room Act. The demand 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.020 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5049 June 12, 2018 
for these substance abuse services in America’s emergency rooms far ex-ceeds their availability. Treatment is particularly scarce in rural counties, in spite of having an average overdose rate that is 45 percent higher than more urban areas. In March, the Centers for Disease Control reported that the emergency room visits for opioid overdoses had risen 30 percent since July of 2016, in less than 2 years, a 30 percent increase. That is why I am honored to be joined by Congressman D
OYLE in intro-ducing this bipartisan act, also known as the POWER Act. This legislation will provide competitive grants to en-sure that overdose patients receive the treatment they need while still in the emergency room, giving them a better shot at recovery. This bill, hopefully, is intended to reduce repeat overdoses and thereby save lives. I want to thank the cosponsor of this bill, Mr. D
OYLE , and particularly our chairman, Mr. W
ALDEN , for their work on this important issue. I urge my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5176, Pre-venting Overdoses While in Emergency Rooms Act. This legislation would pro-vide grant funding for emergency de-partments to develop protocols for treating and discharging patients who have presented with an opioid overdose or are at increased risk for overdose. These protocols will help increase the uptake of evidence-based treatment services by promoting the initiation of medication-assisted treatment in emergency departments, as well as re-ferral to community-based providers for treatment and recovery support services. This is particularly important since an individual’s willingness to seek sub-stance use disorder treatment often in-creases immediately following a nonfatal overdose. The protocols also will help reduce the risk of future fatal overdoses by such individuals by requiring the provi-sion of naloxone at discharge. This helps ensure that these individuals at high risk of overdose have this life-saving drug available if it is needed to reverse a potentially fatal overdose. So I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I just want to, again, thank our leaders on this effort, Mr. D
OYLE and certainly Mr. M
CKINLEY . I would encourage pas-sage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The ques-tion is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5176, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
STOP COUNTERFEIT DRUGS BY REGULATING AND ENHANCING ENFORCEMENT NOW ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5228) to strengthen the authori-ties of the Food and Drug Administra-tion to address counterfeit drugs, ille-gal and synthetic opioids, and opioid- like substances, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5228 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Counterfeit Drugs by Regulating and Enhancing Enforcement Now Act’’ or the ‘‘SCREEN Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Detention, refusal, and destruction of drugs offered for importation. Sec. 3. Notification, nondistribution, and re-call of adulterated or mis-branded drug products. Sec. 4. Single source pattern of shipments of adulterated or misbranded drugs. Sec. 5. Fund to strengthen efforts of FDA to combat the opioid and sub-stance use epidemic. Sec. 6. Consideration of potential for misuse and abuse required for drug ap-proval. 
SEC. 2. DETENTION, REFUSAL, AND DESTRUC-TION OF DRUGS OFFERED FOR IM-PORTATION. 
(a) I NCREASING THE MAXIMUM DOLLAR  A
MOUNT OF DRUGS SUBJECT TO DESTRUC -
TION.—The sixth sentence in section 801(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘ex-cept that the Secretary’’ and all that follows through the two periods at the end and in-serting ‘‘except that the Secretary of Health and Human Services may destroy, without the opportunity for export, any drug refused admission under this section, if such drug is declared to be valued at an amount that is $2,500 or less (or such higher amount as the Secretary of the Treasury may set by regula-tion pursuant to section 498(a)(1) of the Tar-iff Act of 1930 or such higher amount as the Commissioner of Food and Drugs may set based on a finding by the Commissioner that the higher amount is in the interest of public health), or if such drug is entering the United States by mail, and was not brought into compliance as described under sub-section (b).’’. (b) D
ESTRUCTION OF ARTICLES OF CON-
CERN .—The sixth sentence of section 801(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381(a)), as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘; and the Secretary of Health and Human Services may destroy, without the opportunity for ex-port, any article refused admission under clause (6) of the third sentence of this sub-section’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—The seventh, eighth, and ninth sentences of section 801(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381(a)) are amended— (1) by striking ‘‘a drug’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘an article’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘the drug’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘the article’’. (d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The last sen-tence in section 801(a) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Clauses (2), (5), and (6) of the third sentence of this sub-section shall not be construed to prohibit the admission of narcotic or nonnarcotic drugs or other substances, the importation of which is permitted under the Controlled Sub-stances Import and Export Act.’’. 
SEC. 3. NOTIFICATION, NONDISTRIBUTION, AND RECALL OF ADULTERATED OR MIS-BRANDED DRUG PRODUCTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITED ACTS.—Section 301 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 331) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(eee) The failure to comply with any order issued under section 569D.’’. (b) N
OTIFICATION , N ONDISTRIBUTION , AND R
ECALL OF ADULTERATED OR MISBRANDED  D
RUGS .—Subchapter E of chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 569D. NOTIFICATION, NONDISTRIBUTION, AND RECALL OF ADULTERATED OR MISBRANDED DRUGS. 
‘‘(a) O RDER TOCEASE DISTRIBUTION AND RE-
CALL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon a determination that the use or consumption of, or exposure to, a drug may present an imminent or sub-stantial hazard to the public health, the Sec-retary shall issue an order requiring any per-son who distributes the drug to immediately cease distribution of the drug. ‘‘(2) H
EARING .—An order under paragraph (1) shall provide the person subject to the order with an opportunity for an informal hearing, to be held not later than 10 days after the date of issuance of the order, on— ‘‘(A) the actions required by the order; and ‘‘(B) whether the order should be amended to require a recall of the drug. ‘‘(3) I
NADEQUATE GROUNDS .—If, after pro-viding an opportunity for a hearing under paragraph (2), the Secretary determines that inadequate grounds exist to support the ac-tions required by the order, the Secretary shall vacate the order. ‘‘(4) A
MENDMENT TO ORDER TO REQUIRE RE -
CALL .—If, after providing an opportunity for an informal hearing under paragraph (2), the Secretary determines that the order should be amended to include a recall of the drug with respect to which the order was issued, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) amend the order to require a recall; and ‘‘(B) after consultation with the drug spon-sor, specify a timetable in which the recall will occur. ‘‘(5) N
OTICE TO PERSONS AFFECTED .—An order under this subsection shall require any person who distributes the drug to provide for notice, including to individuals as appro-priate, to persons who may be affected by the order to cease distribution of or recall the drug, as applicable. ‘‘(6) A
CTION FOLLOWING ORDER .—Any person who is subject to an order under paragraph (1) or (4) shall immediately cease distribu-tion of or recall, as applicable, the drug and provide notification as required by such order. ‘‘(b) N
OTICE TO CONSUMERS AND HEALTH OF-
FICIALS .—The Secretary shall, as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary, provide notice of a recall order under this section to— ‘‘(1) consumers to whom the drug was, or may have been, distributed; and ‘‘(2) appropriate State and local health of-ficials. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.048 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5050 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(c) O RDER TORECALL .— ‘‘(1) C
ONTENTS .—An order to recall a drug under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(A) require periodic reports to the Sec-retary describing the progress of the recall; and ‘‘(B) provide for notice, including to indi-viduals as appropriate, to persons who may be affected by the recall. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE ALLOWED .—In providing for notice under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary may allow for the assistance of health pro-fessionals, State or local officials, or other individuals designated by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) N
ONDELEGATION .—An order under this section shall be ordered by the Secretary or an official designated by the Secretary. An official may not be so designated under this section unless the official is the Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Re-search, is an official senior to such Director, or is so designated by such Director. ‘‘(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing contained in this section shall be construed as lim-iting— ‘‘(1) the authority of the Secretary to issue an order to cease distribution of, or to recall, an drug under any other provision of this Act or the Public Health Service Act; or ‘‘(2) the ability of the Secretary to request any person to perform a voluntary activity related to any drug subject to this Act or the Public Health Service Act.’’. (c) D
RUGS SUBJECT TO REFUSAL .—The third sentence of subsection (a) of section 801 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381) is amended by inserting ‘‘or (5) in the case of a drug, such drug is subject to an order under section 568 to cease distribu-tion of or recall the drug,’’ before ‘‘then such article shall be refused admission’’. (d) A
PPLICATION .—Sections 301(eee) and 569D of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act, as added by subsections (a) and (b), shall apply with respect to a drug as of such date, not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, as the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall specify. 
SEC. 4. SINGLE SOURCE PATTERN OF SHIPMENTS OF ADULTERATED OR MISBRANDED DRUGS. 
Section 801 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(t) S
INGLE SOURCE PATTERN OF SHIPMENTS  
OFADULTERATED OR MISBRANDED DRUGS .—If the Secretary identifies a pattern of adulter-ated or misbranded drugs being offered for import from the same manufacturer, dis-tributor, or importer, the Secretary may by order choose to treat all drugs being offered for import from such manufacturer, dis-tributor, or importer as adulterated or mis-branded unless otherwise demonstrated.’’. 
SEC. 5. FUND TO STRENGTHEN EFFORTS OF FDA TO COMBAT THE OPIOID AND SUB-STANCE USE EPIDEMIC. 
Chapter X of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1015. FUND TO STRENGTHEN EFFORTS OF FDA TO COMBAT THE OPIOID AND SUBSTANCE USE EPIDEMIC. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of Food and Drugs shall use any funds appro-priated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations under subsection (c) to carry out the programs and activities described in subsection (d) to strengthen and facilitate the Food and Drug Administration’s efforts to address the opioid and substance use epi-demic. Such funds shall be in addition to any funds which are otherwise available to carry out such programs and activities. ‘‘(b) FDA O
PIOID AND SUBSTANCE USEEPI-
DEMIC RESPONSE FUND.— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF FUND .—There is es-tablished in the Treasury a fund, to be known as the FDA Opioid and Substance Use Epidemic Response Fund (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Fund’), for purposes of funding the programs and activities de-scribed in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) TRANSFER .—For the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, $110,000,000 shall be transferred to the Fund from the general fund of the Treasury. ‘‘(3) A
MOUNTS DEPOSITED .—Any amounts transferred under paragraph (2) shall remain unavailable in the Fund until such amounts are appropriated pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(c) A
PPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, there is authorized to be appropriated from the Fund to the Food and Drug Admin-istration, for the purpose of carrying out the programs and activities described in sub-section (d), an amount not to exceed the total amount transferred to the Fund under subsection (b)(2). Notwithstanding sub-section (g), such funds shall remain available until expended. ‘‘(2) O
FFSETTING FUTURE APPROPRIATIONS .— For any of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, for any discretionary appropriation out of the Fund to the Food and Drug Administration pursuant to the authorization of appropria-tions under paragraph (1) for the purpose of carrying out the programs and activities de-scribed in subsection (d), the total amount of such appropriations for the applicable fiscal year (not to exceed the total amount remain-ing in the Fund) shall be subtracted from the estimate of discretionary budget authority and the resulting outlays for any estimate under the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act of 1974 or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, and the amount transferred to the Fund shall be reduced by the same amount. ‘‘(d) F
OOD AND DRUGADMINISTRATION .—The entirety of the funds made available pursu-ant to subsection (c)(1) shall be for the Com-missioner of Food and Drugs, pursuant to ap-plicable authorities in the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) or this Act and other applicable Federal law, to support widespread innovation in non-opioid and non-addictive medical products for pain treatment, access to opioid addiction treat-ments, appropriate use of approved opioids, and efforts to reduce illicit importation of opioids. Such support may include the fol-lowing programs and activities: ‘‘(1) Obligating contract funds beginning in fiscal year 2019 for an educational campaign that will— ‘‘(A) educate patients and their families to differentiate opioid medications; ‘‘(B) raise awareness about preferred stor-age and disposal methods; and ‘‘(C) inform patients, families, and commu-nities about medication-assisted treatment options. ‘‘(2) Building the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s presence in international mail fa-cilities, including through— ‘‘(A) improvements in equipment and infor-mation technology enhancements to identify unapproved, counterfeit, or other unlawful pharmaceuticals for destruction; ‘‘(B) increased and improved surveillance; ‘‘(C) renovations at international mail fa-cility locations; and ‘‘(D) the purchase of laboratory equipment. ‘‘(3) Enhancing the identification and tar-geting of entities offering products and prod-ucts being offered by such entities for import into the United States through review and analysis of Internet websites, import data, and other sources of intelligence for purposes of making the best use of the Food and Drug Administration’s inspection and analytical resources. ‘‘(4) Increasing the number of staff of the Food and Drug Administration to increase the number of packages being examined, en-suring the safety of the staff undertaking such examinations, and ensuring that pack-ages identified as illegal, counterfeit, mis-branded, or adulterated are removed from commerce through available authorities, in-cluding administrative destruction. ‘‘(5) Enhancing the Food and Drug Admin-istration’s criminal investigations resources (including full-time equivalent employees and equipment), imports surveillance, and international work. ‘‘(6) Obtaining for the Food and Drug Ad-ministration equipment and full-time equiv-alent employees needed to efficiently screen and analyze products offered for import, in-cluding by building data libraries of new sub-stances and analogues to facilitate identi-fication and evaluation of pharmaceutical- based agents and by purchasing screening technologies for use at international mail fa-cilities. ‘‘(7) Operating the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s forensic laboratory facility to en-sure adequate laboratory space and functionality for additional work and full- time equivalent employees. ‘‘(e) ACCOUNTABILITY AND OVERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) W
ORK PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Food and Drugs shall sub-mit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a work plan in-cluding the proposed allocation of funds ap-propriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under subsection (c) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 and the con-tents described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The work plan submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) the amount of money to be obligated or expended out of the Fund in each fiscal year for each program and activity described in subsection (d); and ‘‘(ii) a description and justification of each such program and activity. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(A) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than Oc-tober 1 of each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— ‘‘(i) the amount of money obligated or ex-pended out of the Fund in the prior fiscal year for each program and activity described in subsection (d); ‘‘(ii) a description of all programs and ac-tivities using funds provided pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under sub-section (c); and ‘‘(iii) how the programs and activities are advancing public health. ‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .—At the request of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions of the Senate or the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, the Commissioner shall provide an update in the form of testi-mony and any additional reports to the re-spective congressional committee regarding the allocation of funding under this section or the description of the programs and ac-tivities undertaken with such funding. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATIONS .—Notwithstanding any transfer authority authorized by this section or any appropriations Act, any funds made available pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under subsection (c) may not be used for any purpose other than the pro-grams and activities described in subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.032 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5051 June 12, 2018 
(d) to strengthen and facilitate the Food and Drug Administration’s efforts to address the opioid and substance use epidemic. ‘‘(g) S
UNSET .—This section shall expire on September 30, 2022, except that— ‘‘(1) this subsection does not apply to re-porting under subsection (e)(2); and ‘‘(2) this section shall remain in effect until such time, and to such extent, as may be necessary for the funds transferred by subsection (b)(2) to be fully expended.’’. 
SEC. 6. CONSIDERATION OF POTENTIAL FOR MIS-USE AND ABUSE REQUIRED FOR DRUG APPROVAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505(d) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(d)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘or (7)’’ and inserting ‘‘(7)’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or (8) if the drug is or contains a controlled substance for which a listing in any schedule is in effect under the Controlled Substances Act or that is perma-nently scheduled pursuant to section 201 of such Act, on the basis of information sub-mitted to him as part of the application, or upon the basis of any other information be-fore him with respect to such drug, the drug is unsafe for use due to the risks of abuse or misuse or there is insufficient information to show that the drug is safe for use considering such risks;’’ before ‘‘he shall issue an order refusing to approve the application’’; and (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(8)’’. (b) W
ITHDRAWAL AUTHORITY .—Section 505(e) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(e)) is amended in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘or (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)’’; and (2) by inserting the following: ‘‘; or (6) that, in the case of a drug that is or contains a controlled substance for which a listing in any schedule is in effect under the Con-trolled Substances Act or that is perma-nently scheduled pursuant to section 201 of such Act, on the basis of new information be-fore him with respect to such drug, evalu-ated together with the information available to him when the application was approved, that the drug is unsafe for use due to the risks of abuse or misuse’’ after ‘‘of a mate-rial fact’’. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendments made by this section shall be construed to limit or narrow, in any manner, the meaning or application of the provisions of paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), and (7) of section 505(d) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355(d)) or paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 505(e) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355(e)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in sup-port of this legislation, and I want to commend my friend and ranking mem-ber of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, Representative FRANK PALLONE  of New Jersey. He has worked tire-lessly on this very important policy. Hundreds of millions of parcels con-taining illicit or unapproved drugs enter the United States supply chain each year, and they do it through international mail facilities. Through the mail, Mr. Speaker. That poses a major threat to public health. These parcels are often difficult to identify as they contain little or no labeling, and the Food and Drug Ad-ministration’s current detention and destruction authorities over these par-cels, turns out, it is pretty limited. H.R. 5228 seeks to strengthen FDA’s authority to refuse and destroy sub-stances identified through these inter-national mail facilities and improve enforcement mechanisms available to the agency to combat the influx of ille-gally manufactured opioids into the country. I know, in my conversations with Dr. Scott Gottlieb, who heads the FDA, he has added the resources he could find within his agency and has brought many of these issues to our attention. He has been a real leader on this issue for the Trump administration, and I thank him for his work. But it is clear this bipartisan legisla-tion that Mr. P
ALLONE brings to us today is essential as we join together to interdict and stop the flow of illegal drugs into the United States of Amer-ica. Mr. Speaker, I encourage passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my strong support for H.R. 5228, legislation that I authored that will strengthen FDA’s ability to prevent illicit opioids from coming in through our inter-national mail facilities by providing the agency with additional enforce-ment authority and financial re-sources. In April, Mr. Speaker, I had the op-portunity to visit an international mail facility in my home State of New Jersey with the Food and Drug Admin-istration, Customs and Border Patrol, and the U.S. Postal Service, and to see firsthand the problems that these agen-cies are facing when it comes to illegal, unapproved drugs entering our country through international mail facilities. FDA staff showed us boxes of pills that had limited labeling, labeling in foreign languages, or no labeling at all, and were sent from unknown and un-registered facilities. FDA staff ex-plained that it takes the agency days to catalog these boxes, identify what products contained inside are legiti-mate, and identify what products, under current law, the agency can de-stroy. FDA then had no other option but to return that box to the sender. This leaves open the possibility that the sender will just drop the box of illegal pills back in the mail and try to enter the country again through another international mail facility. The agency also showed me a series of similarly wrapped and marked pack-ages that contained little labeling and were misidentified as gifts. Upon in-spection, these packages included bags of drugs, some labeled and some la-beled in another language. Again, the agency faced the task of trying to iden-tify if the product was a drug before it could take further action. Now, the SCREEN Act, the bill be-fore us, which passed the Energy and Commerce Committee by a voice vote, would give FDA authority to act in these situations to stop illicit drugs from entering the marketplace and allow the agency to better target their resources. Specifically, the SCREEN Act would, first, expand FDA’s authority to refuse or destroy illegal drugs; second, pro-vide FDA with the ability to order manufacturers to cease distribution or to recall drugs that pose an imminent or substantial hazard to the public health. Third, it would allow FDA to refuse admission or to destroy bulk shipments of drugs from manufactur-ers, distributors, or importers, if they are found to be misbranded or adulter-ated. Then it would authorize new re-sources to help provide additional ca-pacity at international mail facilities and to upgrade infrastructure, equip-ment, and other needed technology for screening purposes. Mr. Speaker, having worked closely with FDA on this legislation, I know that the authorities outlined in the SCREEN Act will go a long way toward empowering the agency to take on re-peated illicit drug traffickers and en-sure that dangerous, unapproved drugs are stopped at our ports and at our mail facilities. I urge my colleagues to vote in sup-port of this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I just want to again say, as my friend and colleague from New Jersey has outlined, you understand the impor-tance of why we need to make these changes under the law. I again com-mend him for his work on this. I encourage all my colleagues to sup-port this very critical piece of legisla-tion. This could do more to stop the flow of this illegal fentanyl and the death it brings to our country than any other thing we can do. I commend the gentleman for his work on this. I encourage support of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I urge my col-leagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5228, the Stop Coun-terfeit Drugs by Regulating and Enhancing En-forcement Now Act, or the SCREEN Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.032 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5052 June 12, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, one way the nation can ex-press its concern for our citizens’ health is by addressing the issue regarding counterfeit drugs and synthetic opioids. Among other things, H.R. 5228 will strength-en the ability of the Food and Drug Adminis-tration to combat counterfeit drugs, illegal and synthetic opioids, and opioid-like substances. Because the capabilities of counterfeit drugs and opioids are rapidly and continuously evolving, there is no ‘‘single’’ technology that provides long-term assurance of drug security. H.R. 5228 will implement new, holistic tech-nology to better protect our drug supply. Opioids are a class of drugs that include the illegal drug heroin. All opioids are chemically related and inter-act with opioid receptors on nerve cells in the body and brain. According to a recent study, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report there were 63,632 drug overdose deaths in 2016 in America, 42,249 of which were related to opioid overdoses. This issue directly affects my state of Texas, because in 2016, there were 1,375 opioid-re-lated overdose deaths, according to the Na-tional Institute on Drug Abuse. In the city of Houston alone, there were 364 drug-related overdose deaths. Another issue that H.R. 5228 will address is the prevalence of counterfeits, or fake medi-cines which are produced and sold with the in-tent to deceptively represent its authenticity or effectiveness. Fake medicine may contain harmful or inac-tive ingredients that harm users, or might have the right active ingredient but at the wrong dosage. Counterfeit drugs are illegal and can be harmful to your health. Mr. Speaker, critics of the FDA say the en-tire screening system is underutilized and filled with incomplete and late information. By enacting H.R. 5228, the FDA will have the authority to combat the scourge of opioids and counterfeit drugs. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5228. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5228, the Stop Coun-terfeit Drugs by Regulating and Enhancing En-forcement Now Act, or SCREEN Act. I am proud to champion an important provi-sion that was added to the SCREEN Act dur-ing the Energy and Commerce Committee’s markup that clarifies the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s authority to consider the po-tential for misuse and abuse as part of the ap-proval process. In March, the Health Subcommittee received testimony from FDA Commissioner Scott Gott-lieb that opioid misuse and abuse is one of the agency’s highest priorities. Last year, the FDA acted when it requested the withdrawal of the opioid pain medication Opana ER, finding, ‘‘the benefits of the drug may no longer outweigh its risks.’’ Clarifying the FDA’s authority to examine the potential risks for abuse and misuse as a consideration in the approval process is an im-portant step in combatting the opioid crisis. I thank our committee’s chairman, G
REG W
ALDEN , and our Ranking Member, F RANK  P
ALLONE , for supporting the inclusion of this important provision. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting the underlining bill, which will strengthen the FDA’s authority to stop and destroy illicit sub-stances identified through international mail fa-cilities, and my misuse and abuse language which will help protect Americans from opioid and substance use abuse. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WAL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5228, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TREATMENT, EDUCATION, AND COMMUNITY HELP TO COMBAT ADDICTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5261) to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for regional cen-ters of excellence in substance use dis-order education, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5261 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Treatment, Education, and Community Help to Combat Addiction Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘TEACH to Combat Addiction Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF REGIONAL CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE IN SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER EDUCATION. 
Part D of title V of the Public Health Serv-ice Act is amended by inserting after section 549 (42 U.S.C. 290ee–4) the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 550. REGIONAL CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE IN SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER EDU-CATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with such other agencies as are ap-propriate, shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, establish a solicitation process and award cooperative agreements to eligible entities for the designation of such entities as Regional Centers of Excellence in Substance Use Disorder Education and sup-port of such regional centers of excellence to enhance and improve how health profes-sionals are educated in substance use dis-order prevention, treatment, and recovery through development, evaluation, and dis-tribution of evidence-based curricula for health profession schools. An eligible entity designated by the Secretary as a Regional Center of Excellence in Substance Use Dis-order Education shall carry out the activi-ties described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF CENTERS OF EXCEL -
LENCE .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to receive a cooperative agreement under sub-section (a), an entity shall— ‘‘(A) be an entity specified by the Sec-retary that offers education to students in various health professions, which may in-clude— ‘‘(i) a health system; ‘‘(ii) a teaching hospital; ‘‘(iii) a medical school; ‘‘(iv) a certified behavioral health clinic; or ‘‘(v) any other health profession school, school of public health, or Cooperative Ex-tension Program at institutions of higher education engaged in an aspect of the pre-vention, treatment, or recovery of substance use disorders; ‘‘(B) be accredited by the appropriate edu-cational accreditation body; ‘‘(C) demonstrate an existing strategy, and have in place a plan for continuing such strategy, or a proposed strategy to imple-ment a curriculum based on best practices for substance use disorder prevention, treat-ment, and recovery; ‘‘(D) demonstrate community engagement and participation through community part-ners, including other health profession schools, mental health counselors, social workers, peer recovery specialists, substance use treatment programs, community health centers, physicians’ offices, certified behav-ioral health clinics, law enforcement, and the business community; and ‘‘(E) provide to the Secretary such infor-mation, at such time, and in such manner, as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(2) DIVERSITY .—In awarding cooperative agreements under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall take into account regional dif-ferences among eligible entities and shall make an effort to ensure geographic diver-sity. ‘‘(c) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) P
UBLIC POSTING .—The Secretary shall make information provided to the Secretary under subsection (b)(1)(E) publically avail-able on the Internet website of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(2) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall evaluate each project carried out by a Re-gional Center of Excellence in Substance Use Disorder Education under this section and shall disseminate the findings with respect to each such evaluation to appropriate pub-lic and private entities. ‘‘(d) F
UNDING .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. b1615 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 5261. This is the Treatment, Education, and Com-munity Help to Combat Addiction Act, or more easily known as the TEACH to Combat Addiction Act. This legislation will designate and support centers of excellence or institutions of learning that have championed substance use disorder treatment. Improving how professionals are taught to effectively teach substance use disorder will also increase access to evidence-based treatment, in other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.022 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5053 June 12, 2018 
words, treatments that will work and that we can prove will work. I want to thank my colleagues, Rep-resentative B
ILLJOHNSON and P AUL T
ONKO , for leading this bipartisan and really important initiative. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the leader on our committee, to talk more about his legislation. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s healthcare providers are in a unique position to recognize and start to address a patient suffering from addiction. It is vital that their training fully equips them to play that very important role. Currently, fewer than 10 percent of U.S. medical schools require a dedi-cated course on addiction, and only a handful have a robust curriculum on the diagnosis and treatment of sub-stance use disorder. The TEACH to Combat Addiction Act seeks to in-crease the amount of education health professional students receive specific to substance use disorder and addiction by recognizing and supporting institu-tions that focus on these areas and holding them up as a model for other programs. I know from talking with schools in Ohio like the University of Cincinnati and The Ohio State University that the medical education community is eager to be a part of the solution to the opioid crisis. This legislation gives them the additional tools with which to pursue innovative strategies and community partnerships that advance their students’ knowledge and under-standing of substance use disorder and addiction. Mr. Speaker, the work we are doing in this House to combat the opioid epi-demic is important. Too many of our families, friends, and neighbors have been lost for us to delay any longer. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5261, the TEACH to Combat Addiction Act, and I want to thank Mr. T
ONKO , the Democratic sponsor of the bill. While the evidence is clear that medication-assisted treatment is the gold standard for treatment of opioid use disorder, many healthcare pro-viders know little about this lifesaving treatment. Providers’ limited knowl-edge of and training on substance use disorder treatment and recovery sup-port services, such as MAT, harms ef-forts to respond to patients who suffer from such conditions. The TEACH to Combat Addiction Act will help improve providers’ knowledge and training on such services by estab-lishing centers of excellence and sub-stance use disorder education. These centers will support the development, evaluation, and distribution of evi-dence-based curricula for health profes-sional schools on substance use dis-order prevention, treatment, and re-covery. Such curricula can be used to help ensure that we get the right cur-riculum and training to all different kinds of healthcare providers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t have any other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ), our Democratic sponsor. Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative P
ALLONE for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the TEACH to Combat Addiction Act, which I joined with my friend from Ohio, Representative B
ILLJOHNSON , in introducing. One of the biggest challenges that is facing us in the midst of this opioid epidemic is the lack of high-quality ad-diction treatment in many parts of our country. Only one in five individuals with opioid use disorder is able to access any type of treatment. In many in-stances, individuals struggling with ad-diction can be placed on waiting lists for months or years before they are able to see an addiction professional. That is simply not right. When we place barriers and road-blocks between patients and their care, we know that these delays can be dead-ly. We need to move toward a system of treatment on demand so that, when an individual is crying out for assistance, when that person has that moment of clarity, there is a helping hand ready to meet them. This legislation helps us in a way that moves us in that direction by in-vesting in our addiction infrastructure. The TEACH to Combat Addiction Act would create centers of excellence in substance use disorder education that would be charged with developing and disseminating model curricula to train our next generation of medical profes-sionals on the practice of addiction. Empowering our healthcare work-force to better understand and effec-tively prevent and treat substance use disorder will yield dividends in our fight against the opioid epidemic. I am proud to work with Representa-tive J
OHNSON on this critical legisla-tion that will strengthen the tools and information we use to educate the next generation of healthcare professionals, and I strongly urge all Members to sup-port this critical legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to commend our colleagues for bringing this matter to our attention and commend them on the legislation we are moving forward today in a bi-partisan way. I encourage our col-leagues to vote for it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WAL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5261, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ENSURING EVIDENCE-BASED MEN-TAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES FUNDED BY DE-PARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5272) to ensure that programs and activities that are funded by a grant, cooperative agreement, loan, or loan guarantee from the Department of Health and Human Services, and whose purpose is to prevent or treat a mental health or substance use disorder, are evidence-based, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5272 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. GUIDANCE FROM NATIONAL MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE USE POL-ICY LABORATORY. 
Section 501A(b) of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 290aa–0(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) issue and periodically update guidance for entities applying for grants from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration in order to— ‘‘(A) encourage the funding of evidence- based practices; ‘‘(B) encourage the replication of prom-ising or effective practices; and ‘‘(C) inform applicants on how to best ar-ticulate the rationale for the funding of a program or activity.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous materials into the R
ECORD on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 5272. This is a bill that helps ensure that federally funded pro-grams and activities that prevent or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.053 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5054 June 12, 2018 
treat health or substance use disorder are evidence-based. What a concept. H.R. 5272 will enhance the work of the National Mental Health and Sub-stance Use Policy Laboratory by di-recting the Substance Abuse and Men-tal Health Services Administration, SAMHSA, to provide guidance for enti-ties applying for grants, including guidance on how best to explain the ra-tionale for a given program or activity. By encouraging the funding of evi-dence-based interventions and the rep-lication of promising or effective prac-tices, we believe we can help ensure that local organizations, health depart-ments, nonprofits, and substance use disorder treatment providers have the tools and evidence necessary to imple-ment solutions that work. I would like to thank Representa-tives S
TEVE STIVERS and E LIOT ENGEL  for leading this important and, again, bipartisan initiative. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ), who has been a real advocate on these and other issues dealing with this opioid epidemic. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for all of his work to help with this bill. I speak today on behalf of myself and my colleague Mr. E
NGEL in support of our evidence-based treatment for opioid addiction bill, H.R. 5272. The opioid epidemic is hurting com-munities all across this country. In 2016, 174 Americans overdosed per day. Ohio had the second highest death rate in the Nation. Overdoses killed 4,329 people in Ohio, according to the Na-tional Center for Health Statistics. For the past 5 years, I have held a roundtable on drugs and opioids in my district with stakeholders, including law enforcement, treatment profes-sionals, government officials, and com-munity leaders from all around. A com-mon concern I have heard in these roundtables and that I hear consist-ently in my district is that treatment programs exist, but many are not de-livering on their promise. Healthcare professionals and those on the front lines have continuously told me about the lack of evidence- based treatment for those suffering from addiction and substance use dis-orders, and that can lead to unsuccess-ful results. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse, between 40 and 60 per-cent of individuals who suffer from drug addiction are known to relapse. It is often estimated that the rehabilita-tion programs are only about 30 per-cent effective, although nobody knows the true number. That is why Rep-resentative E
LIOT ENGEL and I have in-troduced bipartisan legislation to re-quire grants from the Department of Health and Human Services to treat mental health and substance abuse be awarded to entities that are able to demonstrate that they use evidence- based practices. Throughout the process of pushing for this, I had conversations with SAMHSA, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administra-tion, about what they have been doing under the 21st Century Cures Act to promote and enhance evidence-based practices. The 21st Century Cures Act created a National Mental Health and Substance Use Policy Laboratory under SAMHSA and tasked it with promoting evidence- based practices through leadership and coordination, data collection, and re-views of current programs and activi-ties. The policy lab has set out to begin this monumental task, and our legisla-tion will make it even better. Working with the majority and the minority committees’ staffs on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee and working with SAMHSA, Representa-tive ENGEL and I brought forward a bi-partisan amendment to our original bill which, instead of placing a require-ment on funds, requires SAMHSA to issue guidance to grantees that will help promote funding of evidence-based practices through the policy lab. I think this language will be positive. It further requires SAMHSA to issue guidance on how to best replicate promising and effective treatments and programs so that future programs and grant applications can take advantage of the lessons learned and best prac-tices. More importantly, SAMHSA must issue guidance to grantees on how to articulate their rationale for why they should receive Federal funds. I think putting this responsibility on the shoulders of grantees will ensure that more local treatment programs are looking at medical journals and SAMHSA’s own policy laboratory for evidence-based practices that will make our treatment more effective. As I have talked to people affected by the opioid epidemic at our roundtables and people who have come into my of-fice, too many of them have been let down by treatment programs that didn’t work. People want their lives back. They want their jobs back. They want their families back. They want their future back. This bill that Rep-resentative E
NGEL and I have put to-gether will help them in that journey. If we can take treatment programs and take them from 30 percent effec-tive to even 50 percent effective, mil-lions of Americans will get their lives back, get their families back, and get their jobs back. This bill, I think, is a moral impera-tive, and I want to thank Congressman E
NGEL . I want to thank the majority and minority staffs from the Energy and Commerce Committee for their work. I want to especially thank the chairman for his work. I also want to thank SAMHSA. They were a pleasure to work with through this effort. Mr. Speaker, I believe this bill will make a big difference in the lives of Americans and help make sure that those impacted by the opioid epidemic and other drug addiction will get treat-ment that gives them their lives back. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, H.R. 5272, and I want to thank Mr. ENGEL , the Democratic sponsor. The purpose of this legislation is to promote the increased uptake of evi-dence-based treatment by individuals with mental health and substance use disorders. b1630 We know that increasing the utiliza-tion of evidence-based treatment for behavioral health disorders results in improved outcomes. This is particu-larly important for individuals with opioid use disorder, as we know that MAT is the gold standard for treat-ment and is associated with improved retention in treatment, decreased re-lapse rates, and decreased fatal and nonfatal overdoses. Expanding access to and uptake of MAT as well as other evidence-based behavioral health treatments, as pro-moted by this bill, is a critical piece to combating the tragic opioid epidemic, so I encourage my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my friend from New Jersey, for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5272, the RESULTS Act, and I urge my colleagues to support it. This bill that I have coauthored with Congressman S
TEVE STIVERS will pro-vide needed guidance to applicants seeking Federal funding to treat or prevent mental health or substance use disorders. I thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ) for working with me in a bipartisan way, and it shows when we work in a bipartisan way good things come out of it. This legislation builds on the impor-tant work we started with the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act. Cures created the Na-tional Mental Health and Substance Use Policy Laboratory, often referred to as the Policy Lab, with the goal of promoting evidence-based activities to prevent and treat mental health and substance use disorders. The RESULTS Act will help advance that goal. It directs the Policy Lab to issue new guidance to applicants seek-ing Federal funding to treat or prevent mental health or substance abuse dis-orders. This guidance will ensure that those applying for Federal funds have the in-formation they need to implement evi-dence-based solutions to the opioid cri-sis as well as the tools necessary to emulate successful approaches in their communities. I urge my colleagues to support this straightforward bill that will make it easier for those fighting the opioid epidemic in our commu-nities to implement solutions that work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.056 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5055 June 12, 2018 
All of us know how necessary these solutions are. Take my district in Westchester County, part of which I represent, 124 people died due to opioids in the year 2016. In the Bronx, part of which I also represent, more New Yorkers died of overdoses than in any other borough in New York City. So I am pleased that the House is taking bipartisan action to address the opioid epidemic. But I am also con-cerned by the Trump administration’s announcement last week that they will urge the courts to strike down the Af-fordable Care Act’s provisions pre-venting insurance companies from de-nying coverage or charging more for preexisting conditions such as an opioid addiction. This has to stop. This needs to stop. We can’t have those proposals if we are going to really attack and win in this opioid crisis. The bipartisan actions we take this week and that we will take this week are important, and I support all of them. But they will not occur in a vac-uum. I urge my friends on the other side of the aisle to speak out and end these kinds of attacks on affordable healthcare. Instead, let’s work to en-sure our communities have the re-sources they need to turn the tide of this epidemic and bring needed treat-ment to the men and women who are fighting—literally—fighting for their lives. I want to, again, thank Congressman S
TIVERS for his hard work on this bill, as well as Chairman B
URGESS , Ranking Member G
REEN , Chairman W ALDEN , and Ranking Member P
ALLONE for their assistance in bringing it to the floor today. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the RESULTS Act. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I would ask support for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Georgia will control the balance of the time of the majority. There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5272, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to provide additional guidance to grantees seeking funding to treat or prevent mental health or substance use disorders.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID RECOVERY CENTERS ACT OF 2018 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5327) to amend title V of the Public Health Service Act to establish a grant program to create comprehensive opioid recovery centers, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5327 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Comprehen-sive Opioid Recovery Centers Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID RECOVERY CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part D of title V of the Public Health Service Act is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 550. COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID RECOVERY CENTERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall award grants on a competitive basis to eligi-ble entities to establish or operate a com-prehensive opioid recovery center (referred to in this section as a ‘Center’). ‘‘(b) G
RANT PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under subsection (a) shall be for a period not less than three years and not more than five years. ‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant awarded under subsection (a) may be renewed, on a competi-tive basis, for additional periods of time, as determined by the Secretary. In determining whether to renew a grant under this para-graph, the Secretary shall consider the data submitted under subsection (h). ‘‘(c) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF CENTERS .—The Secretary shall allocate the amounts made available under subsection (i) in such amounts that not fewer than 10 Centers will be established across the United States. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .—In order to be eligible for a grant under subsection (a), an entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require. Such application shall include— ‘‘(1) evidence that such entity carries out, or is capable of coordinating with other enti-ties to carry out, the activities described in subsection (g); and ‘‘(2) such other information as the Sec-retary may require. ‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under subsection (a), the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities located in a State or Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code)— ‘‘(1) with a high per capita drug overdose mortality rate, as determined by the Direc-tor of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; or ‘‘(2) based on any other criteria or need, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(f) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .—An eligible en-tity awarded a grant under subsection (a) shall use the grant funds to establish or op-erate a Center to carry out the activities de-scribed in subsection (g). ‘‘(g) C
ENTER ACTIVITIES AND SERVICES .— Each Center shall, at a minimum, carry out the activities described in this subsection. In the case of a Center that determines that a service described in paragraph (2) cannot reasonably be carried out by the Center, such Center shall contract with such other entities as may be necessary to ensure that patients have access to the full range of serv-ices described in such paragraph. ‘‘(1) COMMUNITY OUTREACH .—Each Center shall carry out the following outreach activi-ties: ‘‘(A) Train and supervise outreach staff to work with schools, workplaces, faith-based organizations, State and local health depart-ments, law enforcement, and first responders to ensure that such institutions are aware of the services of the Center. ‘‘(B) Disseminate and make available on-line evidence-based resources that educate professionals and the public on opioid use disorder and other substance use disorders. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AND RECOVERY SERVICES .— Each Center shall provide the following treatment and recovery services: ‘‘(A) Ensure that intake evaluations meet the clinical needs of patients. ‘‘(B) Periodically conduct patient assess-ments to ensure continued and meaningful recovery, as defined by the Assistant Sec-retary for Mental Health and Substance Use. ‘‘(C) Provide the full continuum of treat-ment services, including— ‘‘(i) all drugs approved under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and all biological products licensed under section 351 of this Act, including methadone, to treat substance use disorders, including opioid use disorder and alcohol use disorder; ‘‘(ii) withdrawal management, which shall include medically supervised detoxification that includes patient evaluation, stabiliza-tion, and readiness for and entry into treat-ment; ‘‘(iii) counseling and case management, in-cluding counseling and recovery services for any possible co-occurring mental illness; ‘‘(iv) residential rehabilitation; ‘‘(v) recovery housing; ‘‘(vi) community-based and peer recovery support services; ‘‘(vii) job training and placement assist-ance to support reintegration into the work-force; and ‘‘(viii) other best practices, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(D) Administer an onsite pharmacy and provide toxicology services. ‘‘(E) Establish and operate a secure and confidential electronic health information system. ‘‘(F) Offer family support services such as child care, family counseling, and parenting interventions to help stabilize families im-pacted by substance use disorder. ‘‘(h) D
ATAREPORTING AND PROGRAM OVER-
SIGHT .—With respect to a grant awarded under subsection (a) to an eligible entity for a Center, not later than 90 days after the end of the first year of the grant period, and an-nually thereafter for the duration of the grant period (including the duration of any renewal period for such grant), the entity shall submit data, as appropriate, to the Sec-retary regarding— ‘‘(1) the programs and activities funded by the grant; ‘‘(2) health outcomes of individuals with a substance use disorder who received services from the Center; ‘‘(3) the effectiveness of interventions de-signed, tested, and evaluated by the Center; and ‘‘(4) any other information that the Sec-retary may require for the purpose of— ‘‘(A) evaluating the effectiveness of the Center; and ‘‘(B) ensuring that the Center is complying with all the requirements of the grant, in-cluding providing the full continuum of serv-ices described in subsection (g)(2)(C) and pro-viding drugs and devices for overdose rever-sal under such subsection. ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.058 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5056 June 12, 2018 
through 2023 for purposes of carrying out this section.’’. (b) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— (1) P
RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a preliminary report that analyzes data sub-mitted under section 550(h) of the Public Health Service Act, as added by subsection (a). (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after submitting the preliminary report re-quired under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a final report that includes— (A) an evaluation of the effectiveness of comprehensive opioid recovery centers es-tablished or operated pursuant to section 550 of the Public Health Service Act, as added by subsection (a); (B) recommendations on whether the grant program established under such section 550 should be reauthorized and expanded; and (C) standards and best practices for the treatment of substance use disorders, as identified through such grant program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 5327, the Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Cen-ters Act. This legislation will help sup-port the establishment of Comprehen-sive Opioid Recovery Centers to serve as models for comprehensive treatment and recovery. These centers will pro-vide substance use disorder patients with a wide range of treatment options for integrated care. By treating the whole person and utilizing the full range of FDA-approved medications and evidence-based treatments, these centers will dramatically improve the outcomes for individuals with sub-stance use disorder and serve as models for evidence-based treatment across the country. I would like to thank the vice chair-man of the Health Subcommittee Vice Chairman B
RETT GUTHRIE , Health Sub-committee Ranking Member G
ENE G
REEN , and Representatives L ARRY  B
UCSHON and B ENRAYLUJA´Nfor lead-ing this important initiative. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5327, the Comprehensive Opioid Recov-ery Centers Act. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5327, the Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act. More than 21 million individuals in this coun-try need substance abuse treatment, but we know there are numerous barriers to access-ing help for substance abuse disorder. One of the many barriers that exists is the gap in healthcare providers available to treat opioid use disorder. Worsening the situation, our current healthcare system and the methods of treating substance abuse disorders is often frag-mented, leading to incomplete patient care. Without a standardized way of approaching screening or treatment for opioid use disorder, treatment centers use a range of methods to manage opioid use disorder, some are more successful than others. H.R. 5327, bipartisan legislation which would require SAMHSA to provide grants to develop comprehensive opioid recovery cen-ters will begin to address some of the deficits in opioid use disorder care. These centers will provide outreach to help educate the communities about opioid and other substance use disorders, assist with co-ordination of treatment, and offer recovery ac-tivities. The comprehensive opioid recovery centers will use best practices, to deliver integrated opioid use disorder care, giving other treat-ment centers a model to look towards, improv-ing the quality of OUD treatment. Improving access to evidence-based sub-stance use disorder treatments is critical for ensuring patients get the care that they need. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENE GREEN ), who is the ranking member of our Health Sub-committee. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank my ranking member. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5327, the Comprehensive Opioid Recov-ery Centers Act. The opioid epidemic is harming Americans in communities throughout our great country, including my home-town of Houston, Texas. In 2016 alone, over 42,000 Americans died due to an opioid-related overdose, based on data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. More must be done to give Americans access to treatment and the full con-tinuum of care they need to recover from substance abuse and live a full and healthy life. For these reasons, I was proud to in-troduce the Comprehensive Opioid Re-covery Centers Act with Representa-tives B
RETT GUTHRIE , BENRAYLUJA´N, and L
ARRY BUCSHON in March. This legislation will fund the des-ignated treatment centers where Amer-icans suffering from opioid abuse can receive comprehensive patient-cen-tered care. Our bill would allow des-ignated treatment centers to provide a wider variety of treatment options tai-lored to the specific needs of its cli-ents. Covered services under this bill would include mental health, medica-tion-assisted treatment, counseling, re-covery housing, peer support, and job training and placement to support re-integration into the workforce. These wraparound services have been shown to help many Americans who have suc-cessfully overcome opioid addiction. It is our intention that this bill will help develop world-class models for treat-ment and recovery that can be dupli-cated nationwide. I would like to thank Congressmen GUTHRIE , LUJA´N, and B UCSHON for their hard work on this bill. I would also like to thank our ranking member, F
RANK  P
ALLONE , and our chair, G REGWALDEN , for their support of our bill and their assistance moving this legislation through committee and on to the House floor today. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and vote in support of this im-portant legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon will control the balance of the time of the majority. There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTH-
RIE), who is the vice chair of our Health Subcommittee and has been a leader on this opioid issue along with other healthcare issues to improve the lives of American citizens and especially those in his home State and district. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act, a bipartisan bill that will establish treatment centers that offer a full range of treatment for people suffering from opioid use dis-order. Over the past several months, I have been holding public events in each of the 21 counties in my district. In every county I continue to hear about the awful effects of our Nation’s opioid cri-sis. Each story is a little different, but they are all heart-wrenching due to the deadly effects of opioid use disorder and addiction. Right now, most patients are going to the center that is most convenient to them, but those centers might offer only one type of treatment. What if that treatment doesn’t work for that person? That is why I introduced the Com-prehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act, so that people can show up at one facility and have full wraparound treatment services and succeed in beat-ing addiction. I want to especially thank my friends, Congressman G
ENE GREEN , Congressman B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and L
ARRY BUCSHON of Indiana for introducing this bill with me. This is a bipartisan bill. It will make a dif-ference in people’s lives, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
EN R
AYLUJA´N), who is one of the Demo-cratic sponsors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:17 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.031 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5057 June 12, 2018 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. G
UTHRIE and Dr. B
UCSHON for working with myself and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas on this bill. I rise today in support of the Com-prehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act. This bill would fund at least 10 comprehensive opioid centers across America. These centers will focus on community engagement, prevention, treatment, and also recovery services. They can be newly established cen-ters or can build upon existing infra-structure. They will be located in areas hit hardest by this epidemic, and they will serve those who need help the most. Since 2008, New Mexico has had one of the highest rates of drug overdose deaths in the country. According to the CDC, New Mexico had the third highest drug overdose death rate in the Nation in 2013 and the second highest in 2014. Almost every county in New Mexico has a higher rate than the national av-erage. In some of the most hard-hit New Mexico counties, the overdose death rates were more than five times the national rate. Now, we know 10 centers across 50 States will not solve this problem. Still, we hope that these centers can stand as examples for what substance use disorder facilities could strive to be. I hope that these comprehensive cen-ters will give families hope, research-ers data, and communities across this country the resources that they so des-perately need. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I urge my col-leagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, this is more good, bipartisan work here at-tacking this opioid epidemic. I would encourage my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5327, as amend-ed. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
POISON CENTER NETWORK ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5329) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and enhance the poison center national toll-free number, national media campaign, and grant program, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5329 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Poison Cen-ter Network Enhancement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF POISON CONTROL CENTERS NATIONAL TOLL-FREE NUMBER. 
Section 1271 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–71) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1271. ESTABLISHMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF THE NATIONAL TOLL-FREE NUM-BER AND ENHANCED COMMUNICA-TIONS CAPABILITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide coordination and assistance to poison control centers for— ‘‘(1) the development, establishment, im-plementation, and maintenance of a nation-wide toll-free phone number; and ‘‘(2) the enhancement of communications capabilities, which may include text capa-bilities. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary may consult with nationally recognized profes-sional organizations in the field of poison control to determine the best and most effec-tive means of achieving the goals described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a). ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—In assisting with public health emergencies, responses, or preparedness, nothing in this section shall be construed to restrict the work of poison con-trol centers or the use of their resources by the Secretary or other governmental agen-cies. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $700,000 for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIONWIDE PUB-LIC AWARENESS CAMPAIGN TO PRO-MOTE POISON CONTROL CENTER UTILIZATION. 
Section 1272 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–72) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1272. NATIONWIDE PUBLIC AWARENESS CAMPAIGN TO PROMOTE POISON CONTROL CENTER UTILIZATION AND THEIR PUBLIC HEALTH EMER-GENCY RESPONSE CAPABILITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) carry out, and expand upon, a national public awareness campaign to educate the public and health care providers about— ‘‘(A) poisoning, toxic exposure, and drug misuse prevention; and ‘‘(B) the availability of poison control cen-ter resources in local communities; and ‘‘(2) as part of such campaign, highlight the nationwide toll-free number and en-hanced communications capabilities sup-ported under section 1271. ‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out and expanding upon the national campaign under subsection (a), the Secretary may consult with nationally recognized professional orga-nizations in the field of poison control re-sponse for the purpose of determining the best and most effective methods for achiev-ing public awareness. ‘‘(c) C
ONTRACT WITH ENTITY .—The Sec-retary may carry out subsection (a) by en-tering into contracts with one or more pub-lic or private entities, including nationally recognized professional organizations in the field of poison control and national media firms, for the development and implementa-tion of the awareness campaign under sub-section (a), which may include— ‘‘(1) the development and distribution of poisoning and toxic exposure prevention, poi-son control center, and public health emer-gency awareness and response materials; ‘‘(2) television, radio, internet, and news-paper public service announcements; and ‘‘(3) other means and activities to provide for public and professional awareness and education. ‘‘(d) EVALUATION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) establish baseline measures and bench-marks to quantitatively evaluate the impact of the nationwide public awareness campaign carried out under this section; and ‘‘(2) on a biennial basis, prepare and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an evaluation of the nationwide public awareness campaign. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $800,000 for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 4. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE POISON CON-TROL CENTER GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 1273 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–73) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1273. MAINTENANCE OF THE POISON CON-TROL CENTER GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall award grants to poison con-trol centers accredited under subsection (c) (or granted a waiver under subsection (d)) and nationally recognized professional orga-nizations in the field of poison control for the purposes of— ‘‘(1) preventing, and providing treatment recommendations for, poisonings and toxic exposures including opioid and drug misuse; ‘‘(2) assisting with public health emer-gencies, responses, and preparedness; and ‘‘(3) complying with the operational re-quirements needed to sustain the accredita-tion of the center under subsection (c). ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL USES OF FUNDS .—In addi- tion to the purposes described in subsection (a), a poison center or professional organiza-tion awarded a grant under such subsection may also use amounts received under such grant— ‘‘(1) to research, establish, implement, and evaluate best practices in the United States for poisoning prevention, poison control cen-ter outreach, opioid and drug misuse infor-mation and response, and public health emergency, response, and preparedness pro-grams; ‘‘(2) to research, develop, implement, re-vise, and communicate standard patient management guidelines for commonly en-countered toxic exposures; ‘‘(3) to improve national toxic exposure and opioid misuse surveillance by enhancing cooperative activities between poison con-trol centers in the United States and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other governmental agencies; ‘‘(4) to research, improve, and enhance the communications and response capability and capacity of the Nation’s network of poison control centers to facilitate increased access to the centers through the integration and modernization of the current poison control centers communications and data system, including enhancing the network’s teleph-ony, internet, data, and social networking technologies; ‘‘(5) to develop, support, and enhance tech-nology and capabilities of nationally recog-nized professional organizations in the field of poison control to collect national poi-soning, toxic occurrence, and related public health data; ‘‘(6) to develop initiatives to foster the en-hanced public health utilization of national poison data collected by such organizations; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.061 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5058 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(7) to support and expand the toxicologic expertise within poison control centers; and ‘‘(8) to improve the capacity of poison con-trol centers to answer high volumes of con-tacts and internet communications, and to sustain and enhance the poison control cen-ter’s network capability to respond during times of national crisis or other public health emergencies. ‘‘(c) A
CCREDITATION .—Except as provided in subsection (d), the Secretary may award a grant to a poison control center under sub-section (a) only if— ‘‘(1) the center has been accredited by a na-tionally recognized professional organization in the field of poison control, and the Sec-retary has approved the organization as hav-ing in effect standards for accreditation that reasonably provide for the protection of the public health with respect to poisoning; or ‘‘(2) the center has been accredited by a State government, and the Secretary has ap-proved the State government as having in ef-fect standards for accreditation that reason-ably provide for the protection of the public health with respect to poisoning. ‘‘(d) W
AIVER OF ACCREDITATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may grant a waiver of the accreditation requirements of subsection (c) with respect to a nonaccred-ited poison control center that applies for a grant under this section if such center can reasonably demonstrate that the center will obtain such an accreditation within a rea-sonable period of time as determined appro-priate by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a waiver under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not, after the date of enactment of the Poison Control Network Enhancement Act of 2018, grant to a poison control center waivers or renewals that total more than 5 years. ‘‘(e) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .— Amounts made available to a poison control center under this section shall be used to supplement and not supplant other Federal, State, or local funds provided for such cen-ter. ‘‘(f) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—A poison control center, in utilizing the proceeds of a grant under this section, shall maintain the annual recurring expenditures of the center for its activities at a level that is not less than 80 percent of the average level of such recurring expenditures maintained by the center for the preceding 3 fiscal years for which a grant is received. ‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section, $28,600,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. The Secretary may utilize an amount not to exceed 6 per-cent of the amount appropriated pursuant to the preceding sentence for each fiscal year for coordination, dissemination, technical assistance, program evaluation, data activi-ties, and other program administration func-tions, which are determined by the Secretary to be appropriate for carrying out the pro-gram under this section.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 5329, the Poison Center Network Enhancement Act. This is legislation that will reau-thorize the national network of poison control centers. b1645 Poison control centers are on the front lines of the opioid crisis. They offer free, confidential, expert medical advice 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. By reauthorizing this essential system resource, we will help reduce visits to the emergency rooms and save count-less lives. I want to thank the leadership of Representative SUSAN BROOKS and E
LIOT ENGEL , my colleagues, along with Representatives J
OEBARTON and D
IANA DEGETTE , who worked hard on this legislation to get it right and get it to the floor in a bipartisan manner and, I would dare say, out of com-mittee in a unanimous vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), a leader in this effort. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 5329, the Poison Center Network Enhancement Act of 2018, a bill that reauthorizes the national net-work of poison control centers, as we have heard, that offers free, confiden-tial, expert medical advice 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We heard during an Energy and Com-merce Health Subcommittee hearing that this past summer the Georgia poi-son control center was the first public health entity to detect and respond to a deadly opioid outbreak where yellow pills were being sold, stamped with the brand Percocet that, in fact, contained substances chemically similar to fentanyl. Without calls to poison con-trol centers to report this drug, these pills could have gone undetected indefi-nitely. Poison control centers are fielding almost 192 cases a day of opioid abuse and misuse. In 1 month alone, there were 9,039 opioid exposures related to poison control centers nationwide. They are essential in combating the opioid crisis because these are the cen-ters that compile the data that can be used to discover hotspots for opioid abuse and misuse and save lives. I want to thank all my colleagues, especially Representative E
NGEL , Rep-resentative D
EGETTE , and Representa-tive B
ARTON , who have been strong voices, as well as Chairman W
ALDEN  and Ranking Member P
ALLONE , for sup-porting this and so many other impactful bills. On behalf, most importantly, of the 1,526 Hoosiers who have died of an opioid overdose in 2016, I want to urge my colleagues to pass H.R. 5329. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5329, the Poison Center Network En-hancement Act. I want to thank Mr. ENGEL , the Democratic sponsor, for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5329, the Poison Center Network Enhancement Act. This legislation reauthorizes the Health Re-sources and Services Administration’s (HRSA) Poison Control Center program. Poison control centers provide essential support to the public and healthcare providers nationwide. They assist with guiding the public to appro-priate medical care and advise physicians and other healthcare providers on the appropriate medical management whenever an exposure to a poison has occurred. There are over 70 Poison control centers in the U.S and U.S. Territories and they serve a vital role in our emergency infrastructure, op-erating 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. The centers handle calls concerning over 430,000 different substances, but in recent years have seen a huge increase in calls re-lated to opioid exposure. Receive nearly 200 consults per day on opioid related exposures alone. There is no doubt that Poison control cen-ters play a role in fighting the national opioid epidemic. I support this legislation and continuation of the great work our nation’s Poison Control centers do. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New Jersey for yielding, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 5329, the Poison Center Network En-hancement Act. I remember when I was a little boy, my mother used to have a poison con-trol number that she taped to the med-icine chest so that, if there was ever a tragedy or a problem, we could call the number quickly. This is obviously along those same lines. That is why it is so important for the American peo-ple to have this. I want to thank Congresswoman S
USAN BROOKS . I coauthored the bill with her. I want to thank her for her hard work. It reauthorizes, for an addi-tional 5 years, as the gentlewoman just said, the nationwide network of poison control centers, which are playing a critical role in the fight to end the opioid crisis. Our country’s 55 poison centers are staffed by trained toxicologists, phar-macists, physicians, and nurses who are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year, to provide real- time, lifesaving assistance via a na-tional toll-free number, which is 1–800– 222–1222. In 2016, someone in this country called the poison center roughly every 12 seconds. So it shows you that it is being utilized and it saves lives. More than 90 percent of those calls were due to a poison exposure in someone’s home. More than half of all cases in-volved children under the age of 12. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.029 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5059 June 12, 2018 
That is why speedy access to poison centers is such an invaluable resource and so important, especially for par-ents. Poison centers are also saving hun-dreds of millions in Federal dollars by helping to avoid the unnecessary use of medical services and shortening the amount of time a person spends in the hospital, if hospitalization due to poi-soning becomes necessary. It is clear that these centers are a smart public health investment, but they are also an integral part of our re-sponse to the opioid epidemic. Since 2011, poison centers have han-dled nearly 200 cases per day in this country involving opioid misuse. Data from poison centers has helped detect trends in the epidemic, and experts have helped educate Americans about the crisis and ways they could poten-tially save the lives of their loved ones. The Upstate New York Poison Cen-ter, for instance, used the New York State Fair to educate New Yorkers about proper use of naloxone, the over-dose reversal drug. This bill would make sure that activities like this can continue. Mr. Speaker, I had the privilege of coauthoring the last poison center re-authorization signed into law in 2014, and I am pleased to have worked on this important bill. Again, I want to thank Congress-woman B
ROOKS for partnering with me on this legislation, as well as Congress-woman D
EGETTE and Congressman B
ARTON for being original cosponsors. Let me also thank Chairman B
URGESS , Ranking Member G
REEN , Chairman W
ALDEN , and Ranking Member P AL-
LONE for their assistance in bringing this bill to the floor today. As I mentioned earlier, in West-chester County, part of which I rep-resent, 124 people died due to opioids in 2016. In the Bronx, part of which I also represent, more New Yorkers died of overdoses than in any other borough of the city of New York. We must do more to end this epi-demic, and I am proud to see this legis-lation moving forward as part of that effort, again, in a bipartisan manner. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I urge my col-leagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, this is more important bipartisan legislation moving forward. I have no other speak-ers. I would encourage passage of the legislation, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5329, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. ELIMINATING OPIOID RELATED INFECTIOUS DISEASES ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5353) to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and expand a program of surveillance and edu-cation, carried out by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, re-garding infections associated with in-jection drug use, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5353 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eliminating Opioid Related Infectious Diseases Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION AND EXPANSION OF PROGRAM OF SURVEILLANCE AND EDUCATION REGARDING INFEC-TIONS ASSOCIATED WITH ILLICIT DRUG USE AND OTHER RISK FAC-TORS. 
Section 317N of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247b–15) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 317N. SURVEILLANCE AND EDUCATION RE-GARDING INFECTIONS ASSOCIATED WITH ILLICIT DRUG USE AND OTHER RISK FACTORS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may (di-rectly and through grants to public and non-profit private entities) provide for programs for the following: ‘‘(1) To cooperate with the States and In-dian tribes in implementing or maintaining a surveillance system to determine the inci-dence of infections commonly associated with illicit drug use, including infections commonly associated with injection drug use such as viral hepatitis, human immuno-deficiency virus, and infective endocarditis, and to assist the States in determining the prevalence of such infections, which may in-clude the reporting of cases of such infec-tions. ‘‘(2) To identify, counsel, and offer testing to individuals who are at risk of infections as a result of injection drug use, receiving blood transfusions prior to July 1992, or other risk factors. ‘‘(3) To provide appropriate referrals for counseling, testing, and medical treatment of individuals identified under paragraph (2) and to ensure, to the extent practicable, the provision of appropriate follow-up services. ‘‘(4) To develop and disseminate public in-formation and education programs for the detection and control of infections described in paragraph (1), with priority given to high- risk populations as determined by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(5) To improve the education, training, and skills of health professionals in the de-tection and control of infections and the co-ordination of treatment of addiction and in-fectious diseases described in paragraph (1), with priority given to substance use disorder treatment providers, pediatricians and other primary care providers, obstetrician-gyne-cologists, infectious diseases clinicians, and HIV clinicians. ‘‘(b) L
ABORATORY PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary may (directly or through grants to public and nonprofit private entities) carry out programs to provide for improvements in the quality of clinical-laboratory procedures regarding infections described in subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act. ‘‘(2) The term ‘injection drug use’ means— ‘‘(A) intravenous administration of a sub-stance in schedule I under section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act; ‘‘(B) intravenous administration of a sub-stance in schedule II, III, IV, or V under sec-tion 202 of the Controlled Substances Act that has not been approved for intravenous use under— ‘‘(i) section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act; or ‘‘(ii) section 351 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act; or ‘‘(C) intravenous administration of a sub-stance in schedule II, III, IV, or V under sec-tion 202 of the Controlled Substances Act that has not been prescribed to the person using the substance. ‘‘(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For the purpose of carrying out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $40,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5353, Eliminating Opioid Related Infec-tious Diseases Act, which will author-ize the CDC, the Centers for Disease Control, to work with States to im-prove education, surveillance, and treatment of infections associated with injection drug use. Injection drug use is a well-known route for the transmission of blood- borne infections, particularly human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, and hepatitis. By supporting a national elimination initiative, H.R. 5353 will help reduce the serious, costly, and life-threatening infections that can be associated with illicit drug use. I want to thank my colleague, L
EON-
ARD LANCE from New Jersey. He has been a real leader in this effort, bring-ing this to our attention. He wasn’t alone. Representative J
OEKENNEDY , C
HRIS COLLINS , ANNA ESHOO , JOEBAR-
TON, and D ORIS MATSUI also were very much involved in the creation of this legislative initiative. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) to speak on his legislation. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer legislation to combat an-other front in our battle against the scourge of opioid addiction. I commend Chairman W
ALDEN and Dr. B
URGESS , Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.065 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5060 June 12, 2018 
GREEN for their leadership in bringing 26 bills to the floor addressing the many sides of the far-reaching opioid crisis. This epidemic has challenged every community and every walk of life in this Nation. Today, I offer the Eliminating Opioid Related Infectious Diseases Act, legis-lation I have had the honor of author-ing. My cosponsor is our colleague on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Congressman J
OSEPH P. K ENNEDY III of Massachusetts. We must do more to stop the spread of infectious diseases resulting from opioid abuse. I know this is a difficult subject because we are discussing HIV and other related topics, but we need to be honest and realistic about these public health challenges because this is not just about helping those with ad-diction. Families, including children, are being exposed to terrible infections at an alarming rate. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention must implement a plan to turn this tide and combat the public health consequences of these deadly trends. According to surveillance data released last month by the CDC, new cases of hepatitis C rose by a stag-gering 350 percent nationwide between 2010 and 2016. The time to move, obvi-ously, is now. This bipartisan endeavor makes sure that the CDC has the tools it needs and that those facing an opioid addiction are educated for the safety of them-selves and their families. Our efforts provide the CDC with $40 million, an-nually, to carry out this mission. The Energy and Commerce Com-mittee has produced results for the American people in response to many public health challenges, but especially recently against opioid addiction. The Opioid State Targeted Response grants created by the 21st Century Cures Act delivered $13 million to my home State of New Jersey and additional resources across the United States. The Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act was one of the most important pieces of legislation last Congress. This bill and the others we are dis-cussing today are in the public health interest of the American people. This is the way Congress should operate: in a bipartisan capacity. I am very proud to have been in-volved in this effort. Those who have fallen victim to addiction must be able to reclaim their lives. Stopping the spread of deadly infections will mean one fewer hurdle to overcome. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this piece of legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5353, Eliminating Opioid Related Infec-tious Diseases Act. As the opioid epidemic has grown, so have infectious diseases related to in-travenous opioid drug abuse. These in-fectious diseases include serious blood- borne illnesses such as HIV, hepatitis B, and hepatitis C, which have dev-astating health consequences and re-quire long-term treatment. In 2015, a community in Indiana expe-rienced an outbreak of HIV in over 200 individuals related to intravenous use of oxymorphone. These infections also include infections from skin flora such as MRSA. Last week, CDC released a report finding that people who inject drugs are more than 16 times more likely to develop invasive MRSA infections. In the midst of an opioid epidemic, it is more important than ever to bolster national surveillance and education ef-forts on the infectious diseases related to use of IV drugs. The Eliminating Opioid Related In-fectious Diseases Act of 2018, the bill before us, authorizes the CDC to im-prove surveillance of infections associ-ated with intravenous drug use, such as HIV, infective endocarditis, and MRSA. The CDC can help reduce the rate of in-fectious diseases from intravenous drug use through the development and dis-tribution of public educational mate-rials on risks associated with intra-venous drug use. This legislation, Mr. Speaker, would also help by improving the education and training of healthcare profes-sionals on how to detect and treat in-travenous drug use-associated infec-tions, leading to better management, fewer complications, and overall im-proved quality of care for those suf-fering from IV-related infectious dis-eases. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I have no fur-ther speakers, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. b1700 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speakers as well. I thank our col-leagues for their good work on this bi-partisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5353, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SPECIAL REGISTRATION FOR TELEMEDICINE CLARIFICATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5483) to impose a deadline for the promulgation of interim final regula-tions in accordance with section 311(h) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 831(h)) specifying the cir-cumstances in which a special registra-tion may be issued to a practitioner to engage in the practice of telemedicine, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5483 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Special Reg-istration for Telemedicine Clarification Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEADLINE FOR INTERIM FINAL REGULA-TIONS FOR A SPECIAL REGISTRA-TION TO ENGAGE IN THE PRACTICE OF TELEMEDICINE. 
Section 311(h)(2) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 831(h)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘The Attorney General shall, with the concurrence of the Secretary, pro-mulgate regulations’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Special Registration for Telemedicine Clarification Act of 2018, the Attorney Gen-eral shall, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary, promulgate interim final regula-tions’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, many patients have limited access to mental health and substance use disorder services, par-ticularly Americans who live outside of metropolitan areas. To increase access to specialized care, this legislation re-quires the Attorney General to issue waivers to healthcare providers to pre-scribe medication-assisted treatment, or MAT, for emergency situations, like the lack of access to an in-person spe-cialist. Under a previous version of the bill, the DEA would have had up to 90 days to complete this task. At their request, this committee favorably reported an amendment extending this window to 1 year. Finalizing the rules for the special waiver process is on the unified agenda of the Justice Department at DEA. That is a signal that they understand the need to implement this provision of law. We have the opportunity to consider this bill today because of the faithful dedication and thoughtful legislating of Representatives B
UDDY CARTER of Georgia and C
HERI BUSTOS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) to speak on this legislation, our resident pharmacist, the only one, I believe, in the entire U.S. House of Representatives, who has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:01 Sep 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H12JN8.REC H12JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5061 June 12, 2018 
been a terrific asset as we have dealt with these issues of drugs and drug abuse and addiction, or addiction treat-ment, and trying to find the best paths forward. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, in 2008 Congress strengthened prohibitions against inap-propriately distributing and dispensing controlled substances online by passing the Ryan Haight Online Pharmacy Consumer Protection Act. The Ryan Haight Act made it illegal for a practitioner to dispense con-trolled substances through the Internet without at least one in-person patient evaluation. The law included the abil-ity for the Attorney General to issue a special registration to healthcare pro-viders detailing in what circumstances they could prescribe controlled sub-stances via telemedicine in legitimate emergency situations, such as a lack of access to an in-person specialist. However, the waiver process has never been implemented through regu-lation. Thus, some patients still do not have access to care that they need. The Special Registration for Tele-medicine Clarification Act directs the Attorney General to promulgate in-terim final regulations within 1 year after passage of the law. The 62 million Americans living in rural communities are more likely to be older, poorer, and suffer higher rates of chronic disease than their urban counterparts. Furthermore, a disproportionate number of Americans living in rural communities are struggling with pre-scription opioid abuse. We must ensure that these individuals are able to ac-cess the care that they need. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to sup-port this bipartisan legislation co-led by my colleague across the aisle, Rep-resentative B
USTOS , to connect pa-tients with the substance use disorder treatment they need without jeopard-izing important safeguards to prevent misuse or diversion. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5483, legislation that will direct the Drug Enforcement Agency to take ac-tion to allow registered healthcare practitioners to practice telemedicine. I want to thank our Democratic spon-sor, Mrs. B
USTOS from Illinois. If we are to end the cycle of opioid abuse and addiction, more must be done to help provide those suffering with access to treatment. However, I am optimistic that the legislation be-fore us now authored by Representa-tives B
USTOS and C ARTER will offer one way forward to providing more individ-uals suffering from addiction with ac-cess to treatment by enabling the use of telemedicine. Telemedicine offers one opportunity to potentially reach more patients who could not otherwise access treatment, whether due to geographic reasons, provider access issues, financial con-cerns about in-person treatment, or the stigma of seeking treatment. While DEA has the authority to es-tablish a special registration pathway for purposes of treating a patient via telemedicine, DEA has not acted to do so to date. The Special Registration for Telemedicine Clarification Act of 2018 would direct the Attorney General to issue regulations establishing a special registration process for engaging in the practice of telemedicine within a year of enactment. This approach will enable telemedi-cine to finally be deployed in treating patients with addiction, while still al-lowing DEA to ensure that there are appropriate safeguards in place to mitigate against the use of telemedi-cine in any manner that could further exacerbate the opioid crisis. This is practical legislation that I be-lieve will help open access to treat-ment, and I urge my colleagues to vote in support of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ), the sponsor of the bill. Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, the opioid epidemic has claimed the lives of too many across our Nation. Al-though no corner of our country has re-mained unscathed, the crisis is worse in rural America, where drug-related deaths are 45 percent higher. When I travel around my district, a vast district—7,000 square miles, 14 counties—I am told time and time again that access to treatment remains one of the largest barriers to recovery in many of the small towns and rural communities that I serve. We don’t have enough doctors. We don’t have enough treatment centers. If we don’t have those things, too many people don’t have a chance. That is why I worked with my col-league from Georgia, Congressman B
UDDY CARTER , who also happens to be a pharmacist, to introduce the Special Registration for Telemedicine Clari-fication Act, with Democrats and Re-publicans working together in this en-deavor. This bill is a commonsense measure that cuts through the red tape to pro-vide more treatment options to under-served communities through the use of telemedicine. Saving our sons, our daughters, our brothers, our sisters, our nieces, and our nephews from this epidemic is a priority for Democrats and for Republicans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to support this legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, Members should support this very important leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I also urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ASO). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5483, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ABUSE DETERRENT ACCESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5582) to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on barriers to accessing abuse-deterrent opioid for-mulations for individuals enrolled in a plan under part C or D of the Medicare program, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5582 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited at the ‘‘Abuse De-terrent Access Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. STUDY ON ABUSE-DETERRENT OPIOID FORMULATIONS ACCESS BARRIERS UNDER MEDICARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall conduct a study and submit to Con-gress a report on the adequacy of access to abuse-deterrent opioid formulations for indi-viduals with chronic pain enrolled in an MA– PD plan under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or a prescription drug plan under part D of such title of such Act, taking into account any barriers preventing such individuals from accessing such formu-lations under such MA–PD or part D plans, such as cost-sharing tiers, fail-first require-ments, the price of such formulations, and prior authorization requirements. (b) D
EFINITION OF ABUSE -DETERRENT OPIOID  F
ORMULATION .—In this section, the term ‘‘abuse-deterrent opioid formulation’’ means an opioid that is a prodrug or that has cer-tain abuse-deterrent properties, such as physical or chemical barriers, agonist or an-tagonist combinations, aversion properties, delivery system mechanisms, or other fea-tures designed to prevent abuse of such opioid. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Mr. C
ARTER , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. R EED, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.070 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5062 June 12, 2018 
bipartisan Members working together on legislation to develop the bipartisan bill. This Medicare program provides healthcare coverage to more than 58 million of our citizens. Serving the over-age-65 population, Medicare ac-counts for a large share of total opioid prescriptions, as you might imagine. While many Medicare beneficiaries with serious and very real pain-related conditions are being properly pre-scribed opioids, we have to be mindful of the potential dangers of diversion and misuse of these very prescriptions. There is no silver bullet in stopping the opioid crisis in this country, but this legislation before us now will study one potential tool for slowing misuse and diversion of opioids pre-scribed to the chronic care population. Abuse-deterrent formulations have proven to the Food and Drug Adminis-tration that they are harder to abuse because of certain properties they con-tain. While no abuse-deterrent formulation is 100 percent resistant to abuse, I think we need to know what policies may be in place that would limit pa-tient access to these drugs for when they are the right option. I believe this bill is important to in-form future discussions on these tech-nologies, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ and pass H.R. 5582. I know Mr. C
ARTER , again, our resi-dent pharmacist, has been very active in this effort. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : On May 9 and 17, 2018, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce ordered favorably reported over 50 bills to address the opioid epidemic facing communities across our nation. Several of the bills were also referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. I ask that the Committee on Ways and Means not insist on its referral of the fol-lowing bills so that they may be scheduled for consideration by the Majority Leader: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; o H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. This concession in no way affects your ju-risdiction over the subject matter of these bills, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a con-ference on the bills be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and your response in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter concerning several bills favor-ably reported out of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce to address the opioid epidemic and which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional refer-ral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within these bills that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may move expeditiously to the floor: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation and re-quests your support for such a request. Finally, I would appreciate your commit-ment to include this exchange of letters in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), an incredibly important member of our committee. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, each year, approxi-mately 4
1⁄2million Americans use pre-scription pain medications for nonmed-ical purposes, contributing to 89 deaths per day. Of those who misuse prescrip-tion pain relievers, 53 percent reported obtaining them from friends or rel-atives. Although past legislative efforts have encouraged innovation in prescription drug regulation, law enforcement, and education, there are still individuals who have severe, legitimate chronic pain and need access to opioids. Abuse-deterrent formulations, ADFs, represent a breakthrough technology for these individuals that helps prevent the crushing, the snorting, and the in-jection of painkillers. Currently, many prescription drug plans present bar-riers to ADFs, including cost-sharing tiers, fail-first requirements, pricing, and prior authorization requirements, all limiting patient access to abuse-de-terrent formulations. This legislation directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to con-duct a study on barriers to accessing abuse-deterrent formulations for chronic pain patients enrolled in Medi-care. Solutions to this public health crisis must balance the need to pre-serve access to effective pain medica-tions for legitimate patients living with pain while minimizing the risk of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.073 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5063 June 12, 2018 
opioid misuse and abuse that occurs in our communities. I am proud to introduce this legisla-tion with my colleague across the aisle, Representative L
OEBSACK , and my Ways and Means colleague, Rep-resentative R
EED. I urge Members’ sup-port. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill would require the Department of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on the adequacy of access to abuse-deterrent opioid formu-lations for individuals with chronic pain enrolled in Medicare Advantage or part D. b1715 While I am hesitant about the true impact abuse-deterrent formulations can have in addressing this crisis, espe-cially given that these formulations can still lead to opioid dependance and misuse, I also recognize that we must be utilizing every tool available to combat this epidemic. I am especially glad that this bill in-cludes language to address the price of abuse-deterrent formulations as well. It is critical, when evaluating the ade-quacy of access, to also study the price of such drug formulations, as cost is a critical component of access. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge the same, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5582, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MANDATORY REPORTING WITH RESPECT TO ADULT BEHAV-IORAL HEALTH MEASURES Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5583) to amend title XI of the So-cial Security Act to require States to annually report on certain adult health quality measures, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5583 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MANDATORY REPORTING WITH RE-SPECT TO ADULT BEHAVIORAL HEALTH MEASURES. 
Section 1139B of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b–9b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘Not later than January 1, 2013’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) VOLUNTARY REPORTING .—Not later than January 1, 2013’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) M
ANDATORY REPORTING WITH RESPECT  
TO BEHAVIORAL HEALTH MEASURES .—Begin- ning with the State report required under subsection (d)(1) for 2024, the Secretary shall require States to use all behavioral health measures included in the core set of adult health quality measures and any updates or changes to such measures to report informa-tion, using the standardized format for re-porting information and procedures devel-oped under subparagraph (A), regarding the quality of behavioral health care for Med-icaid eligible adults.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) B
EHAVIORAL HEALTH MEASURES .—Be- ginning with respect to State reports re-quired under subsection (d)(1) for 2024, the core set of adult health quality measures maintained under this paragraph (and any updates or changes to such measures) shall include behavioral health measures.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘the such plan’’ and insert-ing ‘‘such plan’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(5)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (b)(5) and, beginning with the report for 2024, all behavioral health measures included in the core set of adult health quality measures maintained under such subsection (b)(5) and any updates or changes to such measures (as required under subsection (b)(3))’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would point out to my colleagues, this is the 20th bill in a row we have brought to the floor so far, with a few more to go today. This bill is sponsored by Representatives C
LARKE , BLACKBURN , and myself, and it requires States to report on the behav-ioral health quality measures in CMS’ core set of adult health measures. Now, these measures were created as part of the CHIPRA legislation back in 2009. States have had almost a decade to understand the measures and to re-port them. So now it is time to make sure that information gets reported so Congress can have a complete view on behavioral healthcare in Medicaid. You see, these behavioral health measures focus on important issues, such as initiation and adherence to medication and treatment, smoking cessation, screening, and follow-up after hospitalizations. This legislation is certainly in align-ment with our recent efforts to expand mandatory reporting of quality meas-ures. As a reminder, in the recent Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program 10- year—record 10-year—extension, States are now required to report on the pedi-atric core measures. Now, this legisla-tion before us will provide some parity in requiring the reporting of important behavioral health measures as well. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5583, which would require all Medicaid programs to report on behavioral health quality measures in Medicaid, and I thank the sponsor, Ms. CLARKE . The Medicaid behavioral health core set of measures contains 16 key meas-ures used by CMS to measure and evaluate the quality of behavioral healthcare that is being provided by State Medicaid and CHIP agencies. Re-cently, CMS added two additional measures related to opioids. The core set is designed to help en-sure that those with behavioral healthcare needs are receiving appro-priate screening management and fol-low-up for their mental health condi-tions, such as substance abuse disorder, including opioid use disorders, ADHD, depression, or schizophrenia. Currently, the behavioral health core set is a quality measure. However, given the expanse of the opioid epi-demic and need to improve mental healthcare quality and coordination for those with substance abuse disorders and all patients, mandatory reporting will ensure we have a standard nation-wide dataset on the quality of behav-ioral health treatment that our bene-ficiaries receive under Medicaid. Quality treatment is vital to assist in bolstering our Nation’s mental health and substance abuse care and in improving our healthcare system’s ability to fight the opioid epidemic. I urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ). Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5583, which I introduced to-gether with the Representative from Oregon, G
REGWALDEN , chairman of our committee, and the Representative from Tennessee, M
ARSHA BLACKBURN . As you have heard throughout to-day’s floor debate, more than 115 peo-ple die every day from an opioid over-dose, and in my hometown of New York City, someone dies every 7 hours from an opioid overdose. The African American community, in particular, is dying at an alarming rate from opioid abuse. The overdose death rate among African Americans in urban counties rose by 41 percent in 2016. Mr. Speaker, this is more than an epidemic. This is a full-blown crisis, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.074 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5064 June 12, 2018 
and Congress must act to protect our most vulnerable communities. To address this epidemic, I have in-troduced a bill that would support the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services’ efforts to monitor and track quality care, especially in behavioral health related to the use of opioids. Currently, State reporting on these measures is strictly voluntary. H.R. 5583 would make such reporting manda-tory. Doing so allows us to better col-lect data for research purposes. H.R. 5583 is one of 57 bills that the House Energy and Commerce Com-mittee has brought forward to combat the opioid crisis. Now is the time for House leadership to bring the issue to a vote. We need data that will help us under-stand opioid prevalence and incidence trends amongst our most vulnerable populations. We know that the vast majority of people seeking addiction treatment rely on Medicaid. We require quality reporting in our other Federal health programs. Medicaid bene-ficiaries deserve the same consider-ation. This bill is a bipartisan effort with Representatives W
ALDEN and B LACK -
BURN , and this crisis goes beyond a rural or urban issue. From coast to coast, the opioid epidemic has raged in our communities. Regardless of where we are from—urban, suburban, or rural communities—we must come together to find a solution to opioid abuse. H.R. 5583 enables Congress and our Nation’s public health agencies to ex-amine and better understand how to support States in treating substance abuse and opioid use disorders. Mr. Speaker, instead of undermining and sabotaging the ACA and gutting Medicaid, let’s think of the American people first. 115 people die every day from opioid-based overdoses. How many hundreds more before Congress takes action? This is straightforward policy that will give us insight on how to be most effective in helping our most at-risk communities. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York, my friend, for her leadership. She is a tire-less worker on our committee—on this issue, especially. Mr. Speaker, I encourage passage of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5583, a bill to Amend Title XI of the Social Security Act to Require States to Annually Report on Certain Adult Health Quality Measures. The United States must affirm its role as a leader in domestic care by guaranteeing ac-cess to plentiful and accurate information re-garding the health of its most vulnerable citi-zens. Mr. Speaker, over 67.4 million individuals are enrolled in Medicaid as of March of 2018. In Texas, Medicaid covers 1 in 14 adults under the age of 65, 1 in 3 low-income individ-uals, 2 in 5 children, 3 in 5 nursing home resi-dents, and 1 in 3 people with disabilities. There are currently over 717 thousand open Medicaid cases in Harris County alone. In addition, to doctor and hospital visits, Medicaid covers long-term services like nurs-ing homes and community-based services that allow people with chronic conditions and dis-abilities to live independently. Medicaid covers more than half of all nurs-ing home residents. H.R. 5583 requires the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to expand its core set of adult health quality measures for Medicaid-eli-gible adults to include measures specific to behavioral health. A state Medicaid program must report annu-ally on such measures. This bill requires States to use all behavioral health measures included in the core set of adult health quality metrics, and any changes to such measures, to be reported regarding the quality of healthcare for Medicaid-eligible adults. By passing this bill and instituting these re-porting requirements, we can ensure equitable attention to healthcare for Medicaid-eligible men and women. All Americans, no matter their financial cir-cumstances, deserve access to healthcare, and this bill will ensure that discrepancies in care among low-income Americans can be identified and addressed. Safeguarding the health and healthcare of our citizens is the best way to concretely dem-onstrate our dedication to their safety and well-being. It is not only the right thing to do for our citi-zens; it is the smart thing to do for our nation. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 5583, a bill that will ensure the healthcare of all Americans can be addressed and improved by requiring annual reports on the health quality of Medicaid-eligible Ameri-cans. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5583. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MEDICARE OPIOID SAFETY EDUCATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5685) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide edu-cational resources regarding opioid use and pain management as part of the Medicare & You handbook. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5685 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medicare Opioid Safety Education Act of 2018’’. SEC. 2. PROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARD-ING OPIOID USE AND PAIN MANAGE-MENT AS PART OF MEDICARE & YOU HANDBOOK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1804 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b–2) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(d) The notice provided under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) educational resources, compiled by the Secretary, regarding opioid use and pain management; and ‘‘(2) a description of alternative, non- opioid pain management treatments covered under this title.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to notices distributed prior to each Medicare open en-rollment period beginning after January 1, 2019. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I commend Representa-tives F
ASO, WELCH , and R ENACCI . They all worked hard to develop this bipar-tisan bill, and I thank them for their work. The Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act directs the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to in-clude information about the risk of opioid use, potential nonopioid pain management treatments, and other rel-evant information in the Medicare & You handbook that is published annu-ally. The Medicare programs provide healthcare coverage to over 58 million users. We want to empower every per-son on Medicare to be able to have a thoughtful conversation with his or her provider about their prescriptions and the possible alternatives. Education is a big part of what we are doing here. The Medicare & You handbook is pro-vided to every beneficiary and rep-resents an education point for those on opioids and those who may, in the fu-ture, need to have a discussion about pain treatment options with their phy-sician. We are rightfully seizing upon this opportunity to inform as many people as possible and educate them about the long-term opioid use and misuse. It is always a good thing to do. It is another tool in the toolbox when it comes to beneficiary outreach and education. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5685. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.077 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5065 June 12, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : On May 9 and 17, 2018, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce ordered favorably reported over 50 bills to address the opioid epidemic facing communities across our nation. Several of the bills were also referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. I ask that the Committee on Ways and Means not insist on its referral of the fol-lowing bills so that they may be scheduled for consideration by the Majority Leader: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. This concession in no way affects your ju-risdiction over the subject matter of these bills, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a con-ference on the bills be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Ways and Means on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and your response in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Thank you for your consideration of my request and for the extraordinary coopera-tion shown by you and your staff over mat-ters of shared jurisdiction. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, G
REGWALDEN , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN : Thank you for your letter concerning several bills favor-ably reported out of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce to address the opioid epidemic and which the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional refer-ral. As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within these bills that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive formal consideration of the following bills so that they may move expeditiously to the floor: H.R. 1925, At-Risk Youth Medicaid Protec-tion Act of 2017; H.R. 3331, To amend title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; H.R. 3528, Every Prescription Conveyed Se-curely Act; H.R. 4841, Standardizing Electronic Prior Authorization for Safe Prescribing Act of 2018; H.R. 5582, Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018; H.R. 5590, Opioid Addiction Action Plan Act; H.R. 5603, Access to Telehealth Services for Opioid Use Disorder; H.R. 5605, Advancing High Quality Treat-ment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare Act; H.R. 5675, To amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare pro-gram to establish drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries; H.R. 5684, Protecting Seniors from Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5685, Medicare Opioid Safety Edu-cation Act; H.R. 5686, Medicare Clear Health Options in Care for Enrollees (CHOICE) Act; H.R. 5715, Strengthening Partnerships to Prevent Opioid Abuse Act; H.R. 5716, Commit to Opioid Medical Pre-scriber Accountability and Safety for Sen-iors (COMPASS) Act; H.R. 5796, Responsible Education Achieves Care and Healthy Outcomes for Users’ Treat-ment (REACH OUT) Act of 2018; H.R. 5798, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors Act; H.R. 5804, Post-Surgical Injections as an Opioid Alternative Act; and H.R. 5809, Postoperative Opioid Prevention Act of 2018. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation and re-quests your support for such a request. Finally, I would appreciate your commit-ment to include this exchange of letters in the bill reports and the Congressional Record. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO), a very capable and able legislator. This is his legislation, in part, and he has been a real leader in this overall effort, and certainly on this piece of legisla-tion. Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman W
ALDEN for all of his leader-ship and Ranking Member P
ALLONE for the leadership, on a bipartisan basis, for bringing all these bills to the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 5685, the Medi-care Opioid Safety Education Act. When enacted, this bill will help to combat the opioid crisis by improving efforts to educate seniors on alter-natives to traditional opioid pain medi-cation as they use it through the Medi-care part D program. Nearly one-third of seniors on Medi-care part D were prescribed an opioid in 2016—nearly one-third of seniors pre-scribed an opioid on Medicare part D in 2016. That statistic underlines just how pervasive opioid painkillers are among seniors who are often dealing with issues stemming from chronic pain. Seniors are given an informational booklet entitled ‘‘Medicare & You’’ prior to becoming Medicare eligible that details the services available to them upon enrollment. Currently, the word ‘‘opioid’’ actually only appears once in this booklet, and, given the na-tional crisis that we are facing of opioid addiction among all segments of our society, that is really not enough. My bill would substantially improve Medicare opioid education by adding available opioid alternatives and addi-tional education information to this handbook for every senior to see. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman W
AL-
DENfor all of his hard work on this im-portant issue and for working with us on bringing this legislation to the floor today. I urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5685, sponsored by Representatives J
OHN FASOand P ETER WELCH . I com-mend my colleagues for their work on this important bill. We know that opioid abuse and mis-use is a significant and growing prob-lem in the Medicare population. We know that we need to do more, not only to bring down opioid prescribing, but to make seniors aware of the dan-gers of opioid addiction and the exist-ence of alternatives. b1730 H.R. 5685 would add educational re-sources regarding opioid use and nonopioid pain management alter-natives to the ‘‘Medicare & You’’ hand-book, which is mailed to all Medicare households each fall. While this is an important bill, I want to underscore that it is incre-mental and it is limited. I want to reit-erate my continuing concern that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.049 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5066 June 12, 2018 
while Democrats support working on a legislative package to address the opioid crisis, we must first assure that we do no harm. The Trump administration and Con-gressional Republicans’ efforts to dis-mantle the Affordable Care Act would do serious harm to our healthcare sys-tem, and to individuals suffering from opioid use disorders specifically. For instance, the Trump administra-tion continues to undermine the indi-vidual market by promoting junk in-surance plans, such as short-term lim-ited duration health plans. These plans, which would be medically under-written and would exclude individuals with preexisting conditions, would make coverage in the Affordable Care Act compliant market much more ex-pensive. This would make coverage for individuals who need comprehensive coverage, such as individuals with opioid use disorders, less affordable and accessible. The opioids package cannot be con-sidered in a vacuum. Make no mistake, ongoing Republican efforts to sabotage the Affordable Care Act could not only reverse any gains we may make from these efforts today, but will inflict broad, lasting harm to our healthcare system and to our ability to fight the opioid crisis. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I ask my colleagues to sup-port this bill, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this very im-portant and bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5685. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
EMPOWERING PHARMACISTS IN THE FIGHT AGAINST OPIOID ABUSE ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4275) to provide for the develop-ment and dissemination of programs and materials for training pharmacists, health care providers, and patients on indicators that a prescription is fraud-ulent, forged, or otherwise indicative of abuse or diversion, and for other pur-poses, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4275 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Empowering Pharmacists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act’’. SEC. 2. PROGRAMS AND MATERIALS FOR TRAIN-ING ON CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES UNDER WHICH A PHARMACIST MAY DECLINE TO FILL A PRESCRIPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Com-missioner of Food and Drugs, the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion, and the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, shall develop and disseminate programs and materials for training pharmacists, health care providers, and patients on— (1) circumstances under which a phar-macist may, consistent with section 201 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) and regulations thereunder, including sec-tion 1306.04 of title 21, Code of Federal Regu-lations, decline to fill a prescription for a controlled substance because the pharmacist suspects the prescription is fraudulent, forged, or otherwise indicative of abuse or di-version; and (2) any Federal requirements pertaining to declining to fill a prescription under such circumstances. (b) M
ATERIALS INCLUDED .—In developing materials under subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall include information educating— (1) pharmacists on how to decline to fill a prescription and actions to take after declin-ing to fill a prescription; and (2) other health care practitioners and the public on a pharmacist’s responsibility to de-cline to fill prescriptions in certain cir-cumstances. (c) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—In developing the programs and materials required under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall seek input from rel-evant national, State, and local associations, boards of pharmacy, medical societies, li-censing boards, health care practitioners, and patients. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today is a product of the chairman’s hard work and that of our colleague from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). As the only pharmacist serving in Congress, Mr. C
ARTER understands the need to get fraudulent prescriptions off of our streets and give folks on the front line additional tools to combat the opioid crisis. This is why I know he helped author this bipartisan bill, which will require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop and disseminate education materials for pharmacists to better detect, and reject, fraudulent prescriptions. While law enforcement plays a key role in detecting and stopping fraudu-lent prescriptions, responsibility ulti-mately lies with pharmacists, who are licensed healthcare professionals. For this reason, we amended the bill at the committee level to originate the mate-rials at the Department of Health and Human Services as opposed to the Jus-tice Department. As Mr. CARTER has repeatedly said, this bill will complement the DEA’s ex-isting efforts, like the Diversion Con-trol Division’s Pharmacy Diversion Awareness Conferences held through-out the country, as well as their other meetings, presentations, and seminars. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H.R. 4275, legislation that would help pharmacists detect fraudu-lent prescriptions by requiring the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices to develop training materials to provide pharmacists, providers, and pa-tients with a greater understanding of the ability and responsibility of phar-macists to refuse to fill potentially fraudulent or forged prescriptions. Pharmacists serve on the front lines of the fight against the opioid epidemic. H.R. 4275 would provide pharmacists the tools they need when faced with patients suffering from addic-tion or with other individuals interested in abusing or misusing controlled substances. Combatting fraudulent or forged prescriptions is one step in helping to prevent diversion and reducing the number of opioids available in the supply chain. Once enacted, HHS would work with the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Sub-stance Abuse and Mental Health Services Ad-ministration, and other relevant stakeholders including pharmacists, medical societies, li-censing boards, health care providers, and pa-tients to draft and disseminate materials to in-form about the circumstances under which a pharmacist may decline to fill a prescription and the federal requirements surrounding such a decision. In addition, HHS will offer guidance on how to decline to fill a prescription and ac-tions to take after doing so. This will ensure that all parties understand when and why a controlled substance pre-scription may be declined. H.R. 4275 will em-power pharmacists to fight back against forged or altered prescriptions and help prevent opioids from entering the hands of people suf-fering from addiction or who are at risk of be-coming addicted. I want to thank Representatives D
ESAULNIER  and C
ARTER for their leadership on this legisla-tion, which is also supported by the National Community Pharmacists Association. Addressing our national opioid crisis re-quires an all-hands-on-deck approach, and I am pleased that this legislation recognizes the important role pharmacists can play. I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 4275. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ), the sponsor of the bill, and thank him for his work on this important legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.082 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5067 June 12, 2018 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. P
ALLONE for yielding. Madam Speaker, I rise today to sup-port the Empowering Pharmacists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act. In 2016, over 53,000 people died of a drug overdose involving an opioid. These are more deaths in one year than the total number of Americans who died in the entire Vietnam war. According to the CDC, on average, 115 people die every day in America from an opioid overdose. The United States is facing a clear opioid epi-demic. We have a little over 4 percent of the world’s population, but we con-sume over 80 percent of the opioids in the world. There is no simple solution to this growing problem, but the Empowering Pharmacists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act is a step towards ad-dressing it. This bipartisan bill will require the Department of Health and Human Services and the DEA to develop mate-rials to increase the amount of edu-cation done to ensure that phar-macists, physicians, and the public un-derstand that pharmacists have both a right and a responsibility to deny pos-sibly fraudulent prescriptions. Pharmacists are often the last line of defense in the fight against drug abuse. Pharmacists are currently allowed to exercise sound professional judgment when deciding whether a prescription is legitimate and should be filled. This bill would make sure that everyone in the prescribing chain, from doctors to pharmacists to patients, know what a pharmacist can and should do. By empowering pharmacists to the fullest extent, we can help reduce the number of opioids on the streets, slow the flow of fraudulent prescriptions, and help fight back against one of the causes of this epidemic. Madam Speaker, I thank my col-league, Mr. C
ARTER , from Georgia for his support and expertise as the only pharmacist serving in Congress, in making this bill a reality. Additionally, I thank the National Community Pharmacists Association for their support, insight and help throughout the process of drafting this bill. I also thank Chairman W
ALDEN and Ranking Member P
ALLONE for their support of this legislation. Mr. WALDEN. Madam Speaker, I am honored to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ), a co-author of this legislation, and, as you have heard, our only resident pharmacist. He knows this firsthand, and has brought incred-ible knowledge and skill to the legisla-tive process. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Madam Speaker, deaths from drug overdoses have risen in nearly every county across the United States, with 47,055 Americans being lost each year due to overdose, the equivalent of about 115 people every day. Pharmacists are the last line of de-fense in the fight against prescription drug abuse. Under current law, pharmacists are required to exercise sound professional judgment when making a determina-tion about the legitimacy of a con-trolled substance prescription. While the proper prescribing of controlled substances is a responsibility of the prescribing practitioner, pharmacists have a corresponding responsibility to ensure that controlled substances are only dispensed pursuant to a valid pre-scription issued for a legitimate med-ical purpose by a practitioner acting in the usual course of his professional practice. Even though pharmacists are not law enforcement officers, they play an im-portant role in preventing the use of fraudulent prescriptions at the phar-macy counter. The Empowering Pharmacists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act would require the Department of Health and Human Services, the Drug Enforce-ment Administration, and other Fed-eral agencies responsible for combating the opioid epidemic to produce and dis-seminate materials to pharmacists that provide guidance on when and how to refuse to fill a prescription that the pharmacist believes to be fraudulent. I urge Members to support this com-monsense legislation led by my col-league across the aisle, Representative DESAULNIER , and myself that will help improve the last line of defense against prescription drug abuse in our commu-nities. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I encour-age my colleagues to support this legis-lation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ARTON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4275, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ALTERNATIVES TO OPIOIDS IN THE EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5197) to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a demonstration program to test alter-native pain management protocols to limit the use of opioids in emergency departments, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5197 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act’’ or the ‘‘ALTO Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT ALTER-NATIVES TO OPIOIDS DEMONSTRA-TION PROGRAM. 
(a) D EMONSTRATION PROGRAM GRANTS .— The Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Sec-retary’’) shall carry out a demonstration program under which the Secretary shall award grants to hospitals and emergency de-partments, including freestanding emer-gency departments, to develop, implement, enhance, or study alternative pain manage-ment protocols and treatments that limit the use and prescription of opioids in emer-gency departments. (b) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive a grant under subsection (a), a hospital or emergency department shall submit an ap-plication to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. (c) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall seek to ensure geographical diversity among grant recipients. (d) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants under sub-section (a) shall be used to— (1) target common painful conditions, such as renal colic, sciatica, headaches, musculo-skeletal pain, and extremity fractures; (2) train providers and other hospital per-sonnel on protocols and the use of treat-ments that limit the use and prescription of opioids in the emergency department; and (3) provide alternatives to opioids to pa-tients with painful conditions, not including patients who present with pain related to cancer, end-of-life symptom palliation, or complex multisystem trauma. (e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall implement a process for recipients of grants under subsection (a) to consult (in a manner that allows for sharing of evidence-based best practices) with each other and with per-sons having robust knowledge, including emergency departments and physicians that have successfully deployed alternative pain management protocols, such as non-drug ap-proaches studied through the National Cen-ter for Complimentary and Integrative Health including acupuncture that limit the use of opioids. The Secretary shall offer to each recipient of a grant under subsection (a) technical support as necessary. (f) R
EPORT TO THE SECRETARY .—Each re- cipient of a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary (during the period of such grant) annual reports on the progress of the program funded through the grant. These reports shall include, in accordance with State and Federal statutes and regulations regarding disclosure of patient information— (1) a description of and specific informa-tion about the alternative pain management protocols employed; (2) data on the alternative pain manage-ment protocols and treatments employed, in-cluding— (A) during a baseline period before the pro-gram began, as defined by the Secretary; (B) at various stages of the program, as de-termined by the Secretary; and (C) the conditions for which the alter-native pain management protocols and treat-ments were employed; (3) the success of each specific alternative pain management protocol; (4) data on the opioid prescriptions writ-ten, including— (A) during a baseline period before the pro-gram began, as defined by the Secretary; (B) at various stages of the program, as de-termined by the Secretary; and (C) the conditions for which the opioids were prescribed; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.085 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5068 June 12, 2018 
(5) the demographic characteristics of pa-tients who were treated with an alternative pain management protocol, including age, sex, race, ethnicity, and insurance status and type; (6) data on patients who were eventually prescribed opioids after alternative pain management protocols and treatments were employed; and (7) any other information the Secretary deems necessary. (g) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after completion of the demonstra-tion program under this section, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Congress on the results of the demonstration program and include in the report— (1) the number of applications received and the number funded; (2) a summary of the reports described in subsection (f), including standardized data; and (3) recommendations for broader imple-mentation of pain management protocols that limit the use and prescription of opioids in emergency departments or other areas of the health care delivery system. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To carry out this section, there is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material in the R
ECORD  on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support of H.R. 5197, the Al-ternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act. Emergency rooms are uniquely posi-tioned to prevent addiction before it starts through the conservative and ju-dicious prescribing of opioids. By es-tablishing a demonstration program to test alternative pain management pro-tocols to limit the use of opioids in hospital emergency departments, H.R. 5197 places emergency rooms on the front lines of defense against this opioid crisis. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative P
ASCRELL and Representative M CKIN-
LEY, along with Representative D
EGETTE and Representative T IPTON  for leading this important initiative. Throughout my district in Oregon, I met with victims, families, treatment advocates, medical providers, and law enforcement officers on the front lines of this fight in our communities. That includes Mike Pelfrey of Grants Pass. The first time I met Mike was at a roundtable in Medford, I think, in southern Oregon. Mike didn’t really know anybody in the room. I had in-vited these folks to come around the table. They were addiction specialists, they were in the treatment programs, and they were law enforcement. I no-ticed he was there. He had heard the news about our meeting to discuss opioid abuse. When we had finished going around the table, I said: So what brings you here, sir? And then he told me his fam-ily’s story. His son was injured in a school sport-ing accident and became addicted to the prescription painkillers provided by his medical provider to aid in his re-covery. Eventually, Mike’s son made the all- too-familiar transition to a cheaper source. You would know it as heroin. And to this day, his son struggles with his addiction that began with opioid abuse. Then he went on to talk about his sister, who also suffered from addic-tion. She was a nurse. His sister found herself with, frankly, a way to get easi-er access to pills than most. When co-workers and others caught on, she moved and continued her addiction and her ability to procure pills. He said that she died as a result of her addic-tion. Mike came to the meeting in hopes that sharing the stories of his son and of his sister could help ensure such tragedies don’t happen to other fami-lies. At a more recent meeting I held in southern Oregon, Mike was present once more. During the meeting, Mike urged everyone to make combating the opioid crisis a top priority, saying, ‘‘The only way we are going to do it is address it, do something about it, and make this an everyday part of our thought.’’ Well, Mike, this Congress, we have made addressing this scourge an every-day part of our thoughts and efforts, and we will continue to do so no mat-ter how long it takes to rip this ter-rible menace out of our communities. b1745 We have an extraordinary oppor-tunity to make important progress in this fight with the legislation before us, all of which reflects the feedback we have heard from people like you and from others at roundtables and meet-ings in our home districts. Mr. Speaker, I want to say to Mike: You have been heard. We are acting. We are acting on your behalf and on the behalf of so many other Americans and American families who are dealing with this tragedy. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5197, the Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act, intro-duced by my colleague from New Jer-sey, Representative P
ASCRELL . This legislation would create a dem-onstration program to support emer-gency departments in developing, im-plementing, enhancing, or studying al-ternative pain management protocols and treatments that limit the use of prescription opioids in emergency de-partments. Supporting the development of addi-tional protocols for alternatives to opioid medications as proposed by this bill can help reduce the number of those put at risk of addiction and lead to fewer fatal and nonfatal overdoses. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), the spon-sor of this bill. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5197, the Alter-natives to Opioids, ALTO, in the Emer-gency Department Act. I would like to thank Chairman W
AL-
DENand Ranking Member P ALLONE for their work, not only today, but leading up to today. This is moving quickly on us. They have reviewed the legislation very carefully and have offered very, very good advice on all of these pieces of legislation. The leadership here is outstanding. Mr. Speaker, I want to give a special thank you to my colleague, D
AVID M
CKINLEY , who sponsored this legisla-tion with me and has been an essential partner. I am glad to see this body come to-gether in a bipartisan manner to ad-dress a problem that is ravaging every corner of our districts. I believe the bills being considered today should be seen as only a small part of an ongoing discussion and, more importantly, resources needed to reverse the unyielding trend of this epidemic. Opioids are contributing to 115 people dying a day. If you go back to the HIV epidemic at the end of the 1980s and early 1990s, you will see similar num-bers. Until we educated ourselves and people, we still were in the 19th cen-tury with that disease. In the 1990s, we had no idea how to solve that epidemic, and we finally did. Today, we do know how to prevent, how to halt, and how to reverse the horrific trend of substance use dis-order, which continues to be on the rise. We need to make sure the front lines have the resources to address it. I be-lieve a major piece of the equation is prevention. That is why I introduced this Alternatives to Opioids legisla-tion, which enjoys strong bipartisan support. The ALTO program was pioneered at St. Joseph’s Medical Center in the city I have lived in all my life, Paterson, New Jersey. They started in the emer-gency room, Mr. Speaker, and now they are moving to other departments to use alternatives that are legitimate. The president of that hospital, Kevin Slavin, and the head of Emergency Medicine, Dr. Mark Rosenberg, imple-mented innovative protocols to use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.052 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5069 June 12, 2018 
nonopioid treatments to address some of the most common painful condi-tions, like acute backache and head-aches. In its first 2 years, St. Joe’s ALTO model has already led to an 82 percent reduction in opioid prescriptions. I think that is a big deal. St. Joseph’s has been replicating this model, as I said, beyond the emergency department to other departments. They are also teaching ALTO to other States and other hospitals that are now seeing similar success. While ending the opioid epidemic will require a multifaceted approach, the initial success of this program and oth-ers like it are worthy of broader study and implementation. I recommend that, Mr. Speaker. This bill establishes a demonstration program to test alternative pain man-agement. Those protocols should be limited to the use of opioids in emer-gency departments. The Secretary of Health and Human Services will then report on the results of the program and make recommendations for broad-er implementation. This bill will empower healthcare providers to prevent unnecessary opioids from getting into patients’ hands and ultimately stop countless overdoses. My motto for dealing with a zero tol-erance, which I taught in the class-room, is the fact that we need to pre-vent these things from happening: No market, no sale. That is the center of everything I do in terms of drug pre-vention, because we are not going to pass enough legislation until the cul-ture itself rids our inner sanctums of having to deal with our devils and have to deal with those things that get us off track every day, whether you are a student or an adult. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlemen for their cooperation. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to commend the gentleman for bringing this to our attention with his colleagues. That was part of what we did back on Member Day. I think it was in October. We had 50 Members. I don’t recall specifically whether Mr. P
ASCRELL brought it to us there or some other time, but we are taking these real-life experiences from our dis-tricts, the things that work, and say-ing: This works. We know it works. It works in our hospital. It works in our town, and we are saying it can work nationwide. We are taking ideas, like my friend from New Jersey has brought, Mr. Speaker, to our committee and now to this House floor. We are saying, let’s apply this nationwide. Together, we can overcome this epi-demic. We must overcome this epi-demic. It is in our ability to do this. Mr. Speaker, I just say to the gen-tleman and my friend that we are not done, just as we weren’t done 2 years ago when we modernized America’s mental health laws. At that point, Mr. Murphy of Pennsylvania was here and gave us great counsel about how to do that. We put money in to deal with opioids then, that and 21st Century Cures that Mr. UPTON and Ms. D EGETTE  helped lead the effort on. I know at NIH they are working day and night, as they are in other institu-tions, to find a nonaddictive pain man-agement medicine. We wish them God-speed in that effort, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my friend from New Jersey for bringing this to us. This is the kind of legislation that will save lives, prevent tragedy. We are going to get it passed here in a bipar-tisan, unanimous way, I do believe, in a matter of seconds. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge support, urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5197, the Alternatives to Opioids in the Emergency Department Act, or the ALTO Act. Mr. Speaker, our nation faces an opioid cri-sis. H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, directs the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to con-duct a demonstration program to test alter-native pain management protocols to limit the use of opioids in hospitals and emergency de-partments. Opioids contributed to the deaths of more than 42,000 people in 2016, more than any year on official record. Forty percent of all opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription opioid. The economic burden of prescription opioid misuse in the United States is estimated to be $78.5 billion dollars per year. This figure includes costs stemming from health care, including addiction treatment, lost productivity, and criminal justice involvement. Over 200 million opioid prescriptions are written in the United States each year, and 2 million Americans have the symptoms of sub-stance use disorder. Approximately 21 to 29 percent of patients prescribed opioids for chronic pain misuse them. In Texas, 4 percent of the population reports using pain relievers for non-medical purposes. Harris County, which contains my home dis-trict, has a pain medication misuse rate of 3.91 percent. The time for action is now. H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, directs Health and Human Services to carry out a 3–year demonstration program which awards grants to hospitals and emergency departments to develop, implement, enhance, or study alter-native pain management protocols and treat-ments that promote the appropriate limited use of opioids. Emergency departments in several States, including in New Jersey and Colorado, have developed innovative programs to more widely utilize non-opioid pain treatments to reduce the use of opioids. We must learn from these attempts and ini-tiate a national program to limit the overuse of opioids in emergency settings. However, it is important to realize that some groups, such as African Americans, are under- prescribed pain management medications. We must balance these new programs that work to reduce over-prescription with our con-tinued efforts to ensure that medically nec-essary treatment be provided to people in need. H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, is especially im-portant for my district and the greater Houston area. Houston is home to many world-renowned trauma centers including Ben Taub and Me-morial Hermann. These centers have extensive emergency medical services and they, along with hos-pitals around the state and the nation, will benefit greatly from the support this bill pro-vides. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to inter-vene before opioids claim the lives of more Americans. The Alternatives to Opioids in the Emer-gency Department Act, or the ALTO Act is a necessary step towards stopping this opioid crisis. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5197, the ALTO Act, to prevent opioid addiction at the source and ensure that this crisis is stopped. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5197, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PEER SUPPORT COMMUNITIES OF RECOVERY ACT Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5587) to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize certain recov-ery services grants to be used to estab-lish regional technical assistance cen-ters, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5587 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Peer Sup-port Communities of Recovery Act’’. 
SEC. 2. BUILDING COMMUNITIES OF RECOVERY. 
Section 547 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290ee–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
EFINI -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘D EFINITIONS ’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘In this section, the term ‘recov-ery community organization’ means an inde-pendent nonprofit organization that—’’ and inserting ‘‘In this section:’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and moving such subparagraphs (as so redes-ignated) 2 ems to the right; (D) by inserting before subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated) the following: ‘‘(1) R
ECOVERY COMMUNITY ORGANIZATION .— The term ‘recovery community organization’ means an independent nonprofit organiza-tion that—’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.088 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5070 June 12, 2018 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(A) a national nonprofit entity focused on substance use disorder with a network of local affiliates and partners that are geo-graphically and organizationally diverse; or ‘‘(B) a nonprofit organization— ‘‘(i) focused on substance use disorder; ‘‘(ii) established by individuals in personal or family recovery; and ‘‘(iii) serving prevention, treatment, recov-ery, payor, faith-based, and criminal justice stakeholders in the implementation of local addiction and recovery initiatives.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall award grants to recovery community organiza-tions’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall award grants to recovery com-munity organizations’’; (B) by striking ‘‘services.’’ and inserting ‘‘services and allow such organizations to use such grant funds to carry out the activi-ties described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of subsection (c)(2); and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) may award grants to eligible entities for purposes of establishing regional tech-nical assistance centers, in accordance with subsection (c)(2)(D).’’; (3) by striking subsection (c); (4) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (5) in subsection (c) (as so redesignated)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall be used’’ and inserting ‘‘to a recovery commu-nity organization shall be used’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting before ‘‘build’’ the following: ‘‘in the case of a grant award-ed to a recovery community organization,’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by inserting before ‘‘reduce’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘in the case of a grant awarded to a recovery community organization,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by inserting before ‘‘conduct’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘in the case of a grant awarded to a recovery community organization,’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) in the case of a grant awarded to an eligible entity, provide for the establishment of regional technical assistance centers to provide regional technical assistance for the following: ‘‘(i) Implementation of regionally driven, peer-delivered addiction recovery support services before, during, after, or in conjunc-tion with addiction treatment. ‘‘(ii) Establishment of recovery community organizations. ‘‘(iii) Establishment of recovery commu-nity centers.’’; and (6) in subsection (d) (as so redesignated), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘, and $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for H.R. 5587. This is the Peer Support Communities of Re-covery Act. This legislation will support the peer support specialist workforce by author-izing the Department of Health and Human Services to award grants to peer support specialist organizations for the development and expansion of recovery services. Peer support special-ists, peer recovery coaches, are health workers who provide treatment link-ages to individuals suffering from sub-stance use disorder and support serv-ices to those newly in recovery. The gentleman from New Mexico (BENRAYLUJA´N) and the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ) have helped lead and put this in bipartisan terms and bring it to us today. I appreciate their hard work on this initiative. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5587, the Peer Support Communities of Recovery Act. I want to thank Mr. L
UJA´Nfor spon-soring this bill, but also for being the major sponsor of many of the pieces of legislation that we have discussed today and we are passing today as part of this opioid package. This bill would amend the existing Communities of Recovery grant pro-gram to allow SAMHSA to provide funding for regional technical assist-ance centers. These centers would pro-vide technical assistance for the imple-mentation of regionally driven, peer- delivered addiction recovery support services, establishment of recovery community organizations, and estab-lishment of recovery community cen-ters. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N). Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
ALLONE for the time and for his leadership. I thank Chairman W
ALDEN and his team for their work on this important piece of legislation, and, again, special recogni-tion of the work of Mr. J
OHNSON and his staff of Ohio for being so willing to work on this important policy and for the incredible team that he has assem-bled as well. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Peer Support Communities of Recovery Act. Anyone who has heard me speak about opioids knows that I believe strongly that to address this opioid epidemic, we must address our Nation’s workforce challenges. We have phe-nomenal providers in New Mexico, and Mr. J
OHNSON has them in Ohio, but what we both know is that we don’t have enough of them. This is a numbers game. Unfortu-nately, the number of people with sub-stance use disorder far surpasses the number of providers and treatment staff. That is where peer support recov-ery specialists come in. For those of you who haven’t heard me talk about this or who did not tune in to hear our Energy and Commerce Committee witnesses throughout the hearing process, peer support recovery specialists are people who have lived and experienced, sadly, the challenges with substance abuse, who have fought against their addiction and are in re-covery, and who have received training to help others who are in the midst of the fight now. Peer support recovery specialists provide immediate, ongoing support and treatment linkages to in-dividuals in recovery. As Carlene Deal-Smith, a peer sup-port recovery specialist of the Totah Behavioral Health Authority program in Farmington, New Mexico, testified: Being able to connect to our patients both through our shared heritage and shared struggles with addiction has allowed me to function as a bridge between them, the staff, and the community. This work has enabled me to be effective as a community support worker and mentor. Most importantly, I am living proof that recovery can happen. 
These people provide an incredibly important service to the community. Peer support programs also mean jobs for individuals who may not otherwise find those opportunities. Ms. Deal- Smith explained to us this job got her through hard times in her own journey with substance use and made her feel proud to serve the community and help her people in such an important way. I am grateful that the House has ac-knowledged the importance of these programs, and I am hopeful that the Senate will do the same very soon. b1800 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers on this matter and would encourage my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5587, the Peer Support Communities of Recovery. H.R. 5587 provides for the establishment of regional assistance centers to implement ad-diction recovery support services throughout an individual’s treatment. Everyday, over 100 people in the United States die from opioid related drug overdoses, while over 11.5 million people misuse pre-scription opioids. In 2016, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) report cited 63,632 drug overdose deaths in the U.S., with a lin-early increasing trend. In Texas, there were 1,375 opioid-related overdose deaths and within Houston alone, there were 364 drug-related overdose deaths that happened in 2016 according to the Treat-ment Center. The U.S. is going through a serious drug abuse epidemic and the resources available for recovering addicts are currently limited in variability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H12JN8.REC H12JN8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5071 June 12, 2018 
Peer support services are unique in that they allow for individuals with common experi-ences to share their stories of recovery with the people who might be seeking help. Through self-help and shared support, peo-ple are able to offer strength and hope to their peers, which allows for personal growth, pro-motes wellness, and encourages recovery. Examples of peer support include: peer mentoring or coaching; peer recovery resource connecting; recovery group facilitation; and community building. In Houston, we have peer support programs that exist for both adults and youth through the Houston Health Department and Houston Recovery Center. H.R. 5587 authorizes programs, similar to the ones that are having a positive impact in Houston, to be established across the country to serve other communities. I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 5587 to ensure that we are ad-dressing substance abuse in the United States as efficiently as possible. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5587, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CREATING OPPORTUNITIES THAT NECESSITATE NEW AND EN-HANCED CONNECTIONS THAT IM-PROVE OPIOID NAVIGATION STRATEGIES ACT OF 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5812) to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to carry out certain activi-ties to prevent controlled substances overdoses, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5812 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Creating Op-portunities that Necessitate New and En-hanced Connections That Improve Opioid Navigation Strategies Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘CONNECTIONS Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PREVENTING OVERDOSES OF CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES. 
Part P of title III of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 399V–7. PREVENTING OVERDOSES OF CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES. 
‘‘(a) E VIDENCE -BASED PREVENTION  G
RANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention may— ‘‘(A) to the extent practicable, carry out any evidence-based prevention activity de-scribed in paragraph (2); ‘‘(B) provide training and technical assist-ance to States, localities, and Indian tribes for purposes of carrying out any such activ-ity; and ‘‘(C) award grants to States, localities, and Indian tribes for purposes of carrying out any such activity. ‘‘(2) EVIDENCE -BASED PREVENTION ACTIVI -
TIES.—An evidence-based prevention activity described in this paragraph is any of the fol-lowing activities: ‘‘(A) With respect to a State, improving the efficiency and use of the State prescrip-tion drug monitoring program by— ‘‘(i) encouraging all authorized users (as specified by the State) to register with and use the program and making the program easier to use; ‘‘(ii) enabling such users to access any up-dates to information collected by the pro-gram in as close to real-time as possible; ‘‘(iii) providing for a mechanism for the program to automatically flag any potential misuse or abuse of controlled substances and any detection of inappropriate prescribing practices relating to such substances; ‘‘(iv) enhancing interoperability between the program and any electronic health records system, including by integrating the use of electronic health records into the pro-gram for purposes of improving clinical deci-sionmaking; ‘‘(v) continually updating program capa-bilities to respond to technological innova-tion for purposes of appropriately addressing a controlled substance overdose epidemic as such epidemic may occur and evolve; ‘‘(vi) facilitating data sharing between the program and the prescription drug moni-toring programs of neighboring States; and ‘‘(vii) meeting the purpose of the program established under section 399O, as described in section 399O(a). ‘‘(B) Achieving community or health sys-tem interventions through activities such as— ‘‘(i) establishing or improving controlled substances prescribing interventions for in-surers and health systems; ‘‘(ii) enhancing the use of evidence-based controlled substances prescribing guidelines across sectors and health care settings; and ‘‘(iii) implementing strategies to align the prescription of controlled substances with the guidelines described in clause (ii). ‘‘(C) Evaluating interventions to better un-derstand what works to prevent overdoses, including those involving prescription and il-licit controlled substances. ‘‘(D) Implementing projects to advance an innovative prevention approach with respect to new and emerging public health crises and opportunities to address such crises, such as enhancing public education and awareness on the risks associated with opioids. ‘‘(b) E
NHANCED SURVEILLANCE OF CON-
TROLLED SUBSTANCE OVERDOSE GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention may— ‘‘(A) to the extent practicable, carry out any controlled substance overdose surveil-lance activity described in paragraph (2); ‘‘(B) provide training and technical assist-ance to States for purposes of carrying out any such activity; ‘‘(C) award grants to States for purposes of carrying out any such activity; and ‘‘(D) coordinate with the Assistant Sec-retary for Mental Health and Substance Use to collect data pursuant to section 505(d)(1)(A) (relating to the number of indi-viduals admitted to the emergency rooms of hospitals as a result of the abuse of alcohol or other drugs). ‘‘(2) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCE OVERDOSE SUR -
VEILLANCE ACTIVITIES .—A controlled sub-stance overdose surveillance activity de-scribed in this paragraph is any of the fol-lowing activities: ‘‘(A) Enhancing the timeliness of reporting data to the public, including data on fatal and nonfatal overdoses of controlled sub-stances. ‘‘(B) Enhancing comprehensiveness of data on controlled substances overdoses by col-lecting information on such overdoses from appropriate sources such as toxicology re-ports, autopsy reports, death scene inves-tigations, and other risk factors. ‘‘(C) Using data to help identify risk fac-tors associated with controlled substances overdoses. ‘‘(D) With respect to a State, supporting entities involved in providing information to inform efforts within the State, such as by coroners and medical examiners, to improve accurate testing and reporting of causes and contributing factors to controlled substances overdoses. ‘‘(E) Working to enable information shar-ing regarding controlled substances overdoses among data sources. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCE .—The term ‘controlled substance’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act. ‘‘(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given that term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For purposes of carrying out this section and section 399O, there is authorized to be appro-priated $486,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 3. PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PRO-GRAM. 
Section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–3) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 399O. PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each fiscal year, the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of National Drug Control Policy, acting through the Director of the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, and the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, shall support States for the purpose of improving the effi-ciency and use of PDMPs, including— ‘‘(A) establishment and implementation of a PDMP; ‘‘(B) maintenance of a PDMP; ‘‘(C) improvements to a PDMP by— ‘‘(i) enhancing functional components to work toward— ‘‘(I) universal use of PDMPs among pro-viders and their delegates, to the extent that State laws allow, within a State; ‘‘(II) more timely inclusion of data within a PDMP; ‘‘(III) active management of the PDMP, in part by sending proactive or unsolicited re-ports to providers to inform prescribing; and ‘‘(IV) ensuring the highest level of ease in use and access of PDMPs by providers and their delegates, to the extent that State laws allow; ‘‘(ii) improving the intrastate interoper-ability of PDMPs by— ‘‘(I) making PDMPs more actionable by in-tegrating PDMPs within electronic health records and health information technology infrastructure; and ‘‘(II) linking PDMP data to other data sys-tems within the State, including— ‘‘(aa) the data of pharmacy benefit man-agers, medical examiners and coroners, and the State’s Medicaid program; ‘‘(bb) worker’s compensation data; and ‘‘(cc) prescribing data of providers of the Department of Veterans Affairs and the In-dian Health Service within the State; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.042 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5072 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(iii) improving the interstate interoper-ability of PDMPs through— ‘‘(I) sharing of dispensing data in near-real time across State lines; and ‘‘(II) integration of automated queries for multistate PDMP data and analytics into clinical workflow to improve the use of such data and analytics by practitioners and dis-pensers; or ‘‘(iv) improving the ability to include treatment availability resources and referral capabilities within the PDMP. ‘‘(2) S
TATE LEGISLATION .—As a condition on the receipt of support under this section, the Secretary shall require a State to dem-onstrate that the State has enacted legisla-tion or regulations— ‘‘(A) to provide for the implementation of the PDMP; and ‘‘(B) to permit the imposition of appro-priate penalties for the unauthorized use and disclosure of information maintained by the PDMP. ‘‘(b) PDMP S
TRATEGIES .—The Secretary shall encourage a State, in establishing, im-proving, or maintaining a PDMP, to imple-ment strategies that improve— ‘‘(1) the reporting of dispensing in the State of a controlled substance to an ulti-mate user so the reporting occurs not later than 24 hours after the dispensing event; ‘‘(2) the consultation of the PDMP by each prescribing practitioner, or their designee, in the State before initiating treatment with a controlled substance, or any substance as re-quired by the State to be reported to the PDMP, and over the course of ongoing treat-ment for each prescribing event; ‘‘(3) the consultation of the PDMP before dispensing a controlled substance, or any substance as required by the State to be re-ported to the PDMP; ‘‘(4) the proactive notification to a practi-tioner when patterns indicative of controlled substance misuse by a patient, including opioid misuse, are detected; ‘‘(5) the availability of data in the PDMP to other States, as allowable under State law; and ‘‘(6) the availability of nonidentifiable in-formation to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for surveillance, epidemi-ology, statistical research, or educational purposes. ‘‘(c) D
RUG MISUSE AND ABUSE .—In con- sultation with practitioners, dispensers, and other relevant and interested stakeholders, a State receiving support under this section— ‘‘(1) shall establish a program to notify practitioners and dispensers of information that will help to identify and prevent the un-lawful diversion or misuse of controlled sub-stances; and ‘‘(2) may, to the extent permitted under State law, notify the appropriate authorities responsible for carrying out drug diversion investigations if the State determines that information in the PDMP maintained by the State indicates an unlawful diversion or abuse of a controlled substance. ‘‘(d) E
VALUATION AND REPORTING .—As a condition on receipt of support under this section, the State shall report on interoper-ability with PDMPs of other States and Fed-eral agencies, where appropriate, intrastate interoperability with health information technology systems such as electronic health records, health information exchanges, and e-prescribing, where appropriate, and wheth-er or not the State provides automatic, up- to-date, or daily information about a patient when a practitioner (or the designee of a practitioner, where permitted) requests in-formation about such patient. ‘‘(e) E
VALUATION AND REPORTING .—A State receiving support under this section shall provide the Secretary with aggregate non-identifiable information, as permitted by State law, to enable the Secretary— ‘‘(1) to evaluate the success of the State’s program in achieving the purpose described in subsection (a); or ‘‘(2) to prepare and submit to the Congress the report required by subsection (i)(2). ‘‘(f) EDUCATION AND ACCESS TO THE MONI-
TORING SYSTEM .—A State receiving support under this section shall take steps to— ‘‘(1) facilitate prescribers and dispensers, and their delegates, as permitted by State law, to use the PDMP, to the extent prac-ticable; and ‘‘(2) educate prescribers and dispensers, and their delegates on the benefits of the use of PDMPs. ‘‘(g) E
LECTRONIC FORMAT .—The Secretary may issue guidelines specifying a uniform electronic format for the reporting, sharing, and disclosure of information pursuant to PDMPs. ‘‘(h) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) F
UNCTIONS OTHERWISE AUTHORIZED BY  
LAW.—Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to restrict the ability of any author-ity, including any local, State, or Federal law enforcement, narcotics control, licen-sure, disciplinary, or program authority, to perform functions otherwise authorized by law. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL PRIVACY PROTECTIONS .— Nothing in this section shall be construed as preempting any State from imposing any ad-ditional privacy protections. ‘‘(3) F
EDERAL PRIVACY REQUIREMENTS .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to supersede any Federal privacy or confiden-tiality requirement, including the regula-tions promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Account-ability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191; 110 Stat. 2033) and section 543 of this Act. ‘‘(4) N
O FEDERAL PRIVATE CAUSE OF AC -
TION.—Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to create a Federal private cause of action. ‘‘(i) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the CONNECTIONS Act, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) complete a study that— ‘‘(A) determines the progress of States in establishing and implementing PDMPs con-sistent with this section; ‘‘(B) provides an analysis of the extent to which the operation of PDMPs has— ‘‘(i) reduced inappropriate use, abuse, di-version of, and overdose with, controlled sub-stances; ‘‘(ii) established or strengthened initia-tives to ensure linkages to substance use dis-order treatment services; or ‘‘(iii) affected patient access to appropriate care in States operating PDMPs; ‘‘(C) determine the progress of States in achieving interstate interoperability and intrastate interoperability of PDMPs, in-cluding an assessment of technical, legal, and financial barriers to such progress and recommendations for addressing these bar-riers; ‘‘(D) determines the progress of States in implementing near real-time electronic PDMPs; ‘‘(E) provides an analysis of the privacy protections in place for the information re-ported to the PDMP in each State receiving support under this section and any rec-ommendations of the Secretary for addi-tional Federal or State requirements for pro-tection of this information; ‘‘(F) determines the progress of States in implementing technological alternatives to centralized data storage, such as peer-to-peer file sharing or data pointer systems, in PDMPs and the potential for such alter-natives to enhance the privacy and security of individually identifiable data; and ‘‘(G) evaluates the penalties that States have enacted for the unauthorized use and disclosure of information maintained in PDMPs, and the criteria used by the Sec-retary to determine whether such penalties qualify as appropriate for purposes of sub-section (a)(2); and ‘‘(2) submit a report to the Congress on the results of the study. ‘‘(j) ADVISORY COUNCIL .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—A State may estab-lish an advisory council to assist in the es-tablishment, improvement, or maintenance of a PDMP consistent with this section. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—A State may not use Federal funds for the operations of an advi-sory council to assist in the establishment, improvement, or maintenance of a PDMP. ‘‘(3) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that, in establishing an advi-sory council to assist in the establishment, improvement, or maintenance of a PDMP, a State should consult with appropriate pro-fessional boards and other interested parties. ‘‘(k) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘controlled substance’ means a controlled substance (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act) in schedule II, III, or IV of section 202 of such Act. ‘‘(2) The term ‘dispense’ means to deliver a controlled substance to an ultimate user by, or pursuant to the lawful order of, a practi-tioner, irrespective of whether the dispenser uses the internet or other means to effect such delivery. ‘‘(3) The term ‘dispenser’ means a physi-cian, pharmacist, or other person that dis-penses a controlled substance to an ultimate user. ‘‘(4) The term ‘interstate interoperability’ with respect to a PDMP means the ability of the PDMP to electronically share reported information with another State if the infor-mation concerns either the dispensing of a controlled substance to an ultimate user who resides in such other State, or the dispensing of a controlled substance prescribed by a practitioner whose principal place of busi-ness is located in such other State. ‘‘(5) The term ‘intrastate interoperability’ with respect to a PDMP means the integra-tion of PDMP data within electronic health records and health information technology infrastructure or linking of a PDMP to other data systems within the State, including the State’s Medicaid program, workers’ com-pensation programs, and medical examiners or coroners. ‘‘(6) The term ‘nonidentifiable information’ means information that does not identify a practitioner, dispenser, or an ultimate user and with respect to which there is no reason-able basis to believe that the information can be used to identify a practitioner, dis-penser, or an ultimate user. ‘‘(7) The term ‘PDMP’ means a prescription drug monitoring program that is State-con-trolled. ‘‘(8) The term ‘practitioner’ means a physi-cian, dentist, veterinarian, scientific investi-gator, pharmacy, hospital, or other person li-censed, registered, or otherwise permitted, by the United States or the jurisdiction in which the individual practices or does re-search, to distribute, dispense, conduct re-search with respect to, administer, or use in teaching or chemical analysis, a controlled substance in the course of professional prac-tice or research. ‘‘(9) The term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth or territory of the United States. ‘‘(10) The term ‘ultimate user’ means a per-son who has obtained from a dispenser, and who possesses, a controlled substance for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.045 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5073 June 12, 2018 
person’s own use, for the use of a member of the person’s household, or for the use of an animal owned by the person or by a member of the person’s household. ‘‘(11) The term ‘clinical workflow’ means the integration of automated queries for pre-scription drug monitoring programs data and analytics into health information tech-nologies such as electronic health record sys-tems, health information exchanges, and/or pharmacy dispensing software systems, thus streamlining provider access through auto-mated queries.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Or-egon (Mr. W
ALDEN ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials into the R
ECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is our last bill of the day on opioids. This is the 25th piece of legislation that we have worked through, not only our com-mittee, but also now the House floor. I rise in strong support of H.R. 5812, the CONNECTIONS Act. Now, this leg-islation enhances and improves state- run prescription drug monitoring pro-grams. These are really, really impor-tant. Prescription drug monitoring programs or, as they are known, PDMPs, are useful tools in helping identify and deter drug misuse and di-version. They allow health prescribers to identify patients exhibiting risky behaviors and assist those individuals in getting help. By strengthening the current efforts of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in coordination with the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, and the Of-fice of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, the CONNECTIONS Act will help make state-run PDMPs more easily acces-sible, more user-friendly, more accu-rate, and better integrated across the country. So I want to thank my colleague from Virginia, Representative Morgan Griffith, a terrific member of our com-mittee, Vice Chair of the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, who has done a lot of work investigating pill dumping and patient brokering and the kind of abuses we have seen that have helped to inform our legislation they have done over on the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. He will speak in just a minute. I want to thank my colleague from New Jersey, Representative F
RANK  P
ALLONE as well, and Representative B
RIAN FITZPATRICK from Pennsylvania. They have all worked together on this really, really important improvement. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and Ranking Member P
ALLONE for his help on this bill. The CONNECTIONS Act, as the chairman has stated, deals with state- run prescription drug monitoring pro-grams which are widely recognized as an important tool in fighting the opioid epidemic. These programs en-able providers to better identify pa-tients who may be at risk for abuse of opioid prescriptions. This is a critical first step in preventing abuse by those who may be vulnerable. The bill will improve Federal support for state-run prescription drug moni-toring programs to empower those States to successfully implement im-provements and build off of their exist-ing programs. Now, the legislation facilitates more widespread use by the providers. So what we are trying to do is, right now we have 49 of 50 States that have PDMPs or prescription drug moni-toring programs. They all are trying to talk to each other. And particularly, when you have a district like mine, which kind of forms a sort of a triangle in the southwest corner of Virginia, you can get to West Virginia, Kentucky, North Carolina, and Tennessee all within a single day, without any problem. And if you are a physician in those areas, you need to know if your patient may have driven a few miles across the line in an at-tempt to get more prescription drugs than maybe they ought to be taking. So what the PDMPs are supposed to do is to let the physician know what is going on. But if our State prescription drug monitoring programs don’t have the ability to talk to one another or interact efficiently, that creates a delay or a dilemma for the physician who is trying to do the right thing and monitor what is going on and see about those who may be vulnerable or about to step into an arena that they really don’t want to get into, but they are suffering pain and they think this is the way to go. We want to stop that. We want to help the physicians. What this bill does is it allows the physicians and allows the PDMPs run by the States to have more inter-activity between the two or between the three or four or five, as the case may be, as it would be in my district. So the PDMPs are especially valu-able for districts like mine, as we have discussed; and the pharmacies and doc-tors in other States who are just a stone’s throw away who can come back in and check to see what is going on. This legislation will give these States that ability. It is a good, bipartisan bill, and I do appreciate Ranking Mem-ber P
ALLONE for working on this with me in a bipartisan fashion. I also appreciate greatly the leader-ship of our chairman, Chairman W
AL-DEN, for making this a major issue and allowing us to put forward so many bills, both this week and next, that deal with this very serious concern; and this is one step in the right direc-tion to making sure that we try to en-sure that folks don’t go down the path of abuse. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume; and I rise in support of H.R. 5812, the CONNECTIONS Act. I was pleased to work with Rep-resentative G
RIFFITH on this bipartisan legislation. This bill authorizes funding to enhance and improve State prescrip-tion drug monitoring programs, among other prevention efforts. This legisla-tion codifies CDC’s Prevention for States program, which includes fund-ing to improve State prescription drug monitoring programs, or PDMPs. As part of that program, the CDC will implement the activities described in the National All Schedules Prescrip-tion Electronic Reporting, or NASPER Act, which I was pleased to see receive funding this year. As the original Democratic sponsor of NASPER, I have been a longtime champion of PDMPs as public health tools that can prevent and respond to opioid abuse. The role of PDMPs in the current opioid epidemic has proven why our longtime interests and push for invest-ments in this space is so critical. As the technology has matured, we have moved from working toward the goal of ensuring the interstate sharing of PDMP data, to now aiming to make PDMPs more interconnected real-time, and usable for public health surveil-lance and clinical decisionmaking. Continuing to strengthen PDMPs will improve our ability to prevent ad-diction from occurring in the first place and help identify individuals who could benefit from treatment for opioid use disorder. I wanted to urge my colleagues, obvi-ously, to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I know we have been here, I guess, for about 4 hours now, and we are done with these suspension bills that are part of this opioid pack-age, and I don’t mean to negate in any way this package, I do think it is im-portant. But I still want to say, as we conclude today, I want to express my concern that collectively these bills that we are considering do not go far enough in providing the resources nec-essary for an epidemic of this mag-nitude. There are 115 Americans dying every day, and we have to ensure that people have access to treatment. The bills the House is debating and will pass this afternoon and over the next 2 weeks do not do enough to expand treatment for millions suffering from this crisis. I would also be remiss, again, if I did not also mention the Republicans’ on-going efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act and gut Medicaid and take away critical protections for people with preexisting conditions. The Justice Department just an-nounced, under President Trump and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.045 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5074 June 12, 2018 
Attorney General Sessions, that they are not going to defend a lawsuit that is being brought by Republican attor-neys general in many States that would basically say that the Affordable Care Act does not have to protect peo-ple anymore from preexisting condi-tions. When discussing the opioid crisis on the floor this week and next, I urge my colleagues to remember that pro-tecting and expanding access to care is the most critical piece of the puzzle, and any efforts to roll back the Afford-able Care Act, such as another Repub-lican-led attempt to repeal the ACA or gut Medicaid, will hurt those people who need it most. I am pleased to support this bill in this package and the other bills that we considered on suspension today, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
ARTER ), our resident phar-macist, to speak on the legislation. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I would also like to thank my col-league, Mr. G
RIFFITH , for all his work on this very important legislation. I would also like to thank him for in-cluding language that requires a report on the impact of PDMPs on patient ac-cess to appropriate care. This is crit-ical for epilepsy patients that can face barriers to accessing their Schedule V non-narcotic drugs necessary to con-trol their seizures. Several epilepsy medications are classified as Schedule V and, therefore, fall under monitoring requirements, despite the fact that they are non- opioid, non-narcotic, and there is no evidence to indicate that these medica-tions are being abused by people with epilepsy. This has led to unnecessary delays in access to their prescribed therapy. A handful of States have passed legis-lation that removes non-narcotic drugs from reporting requirements. As we work through legislation intended to combat the opioid crisis, we need to en-sure that we do not limit access to le-gitimate care, especially to non-nar-cotic drugs. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), who is a co-author of this very important piece of legisla-tion. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, the opioid epidemic is devastating commu-nities within my district and across the country. In the last year alone, Bucks County, Pennsylvania, has lost 232 individuals in drug-related deaths; a staggering 26 percent increase from 2016. As vice-chair of the Bipartisan Her-oin Task Force, I am proud to rise today in strong support of H.R. 5812, the CONNECTIONS Act. While my district is just one area in the Nation that is struggling to cope with the opioid crisis, I believe the CONNECTIONS Act will provide offi-cials on the ground the necessary training techniques and resources they need to turn the tide on this epidemic. As a longtime proponent of States fully utilizing prescription drug moni-toring programs to track controlled substance purchases, I am proud of the PDMP enhancements in this bipartisan bill. Our Nation’s drug epidemic is a com-plicated issue, Mr. Speaker, and our re-sponse must be multifaceted. This means a reduction in the unnecessary dispensing of prescriptions, which could be accomplished by tracking and reporting information that allows phy-sicians, pharmacists, and other health professionals to make informed clinical decisions and to identify troubling trends. I would like to thank my colleague from Virginia, Mr. GRIFFITH , for his leadership on this important piece of legislation, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the passage of the CONNECTIONS Act. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In conclusion, I just want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their incredible tenacity, their hard work, bringing from their districts and from the people they represent these ideas to formulate solutions that we are now going to enact into law and move over to the Senate. We will pass them here and move them over to the Senate and eventually into law. I would also point out that, starting in 2016, 2017, Republicans in this Con-gress passed CARA, and the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act, putting over $1.2 bil-lion into the efforts to combat the opioid epidemic. And then we doubled down, literally and figuratively, and even more than that, I think we have got $4 billion in the latest spending bill directed specifically at opioids, and an-other couple of billion at mental health services. Both of these are big needs for our communities and for our citizens, both led by Republicans and the Trump administration in terms of this most latest investment in the fight on opioids. And I know President Trump and the administration do a lot of work on their own through using their execu-tive powers, their administrative pow-ers to address the problems of the opioid epidemic through the various agencies of the Federal Government. Not only are they leading on that, but they are also partnering with our States and our local communities. We have got to make sure the money that we appropriate gets all the way to the ground, gets into these community organizations that are on the front lines of helping people get into treat-ment, helping them get the services that they need. b1815 It has record funding going in. It helps when we change these laws to modernize them so that people can get access to the care they need and they deserve, and together, we are going to solve this problem. It is a big step forward, 25 bills today. We will have more later in this week and another 25 or 30 next week. We know that this is an ongoing challenge for our country. It will be an ongoing effort for our committee. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this particular piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WAL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5812. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 16 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNN) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 5327; Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 5041; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
COMPREHENSIVE OPIOID RECOVERY CENTERS ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5327) to amend title V of the Public Health Service Act to establish a grant program to create comprehen-sive opioid recovery centers, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.095 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5075 June 12, 2018 
The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 383, nays 13, not voting 31, as follows: 
[Roll No. 258] YEAS—383 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—13 
Amash Biggs Brooks (AL) Buck Duncan (TN) Gaetz Garrett Gosar Hice, Jody B. Jones Massie McClintock Rohrabacher 
NOT VOTING—31 
Beatty Bilirakis Blackburn Brady (PA) Costello (PA) Crawford Davis, Danny DeLauro Ellison Estes (KS) Gohmert Gowdy Green, Al Harper Hoyer Jenkins (WV) King (NY) Marchant Murphy (FL) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Sanford Sires Swalwell (CA) Taylor Titus Visclosky Walz Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
b1858 Mr. FASO changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
SAFE DISPOSAL OF UNUSED MEDICATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5041) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to authorize the em-ployees of a hospice program to handle controlled substances in the residence of a deceased hospice patient to assist in disposal, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
AL-
DEN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 398, nays 0, not voting 29, as follows: [Roll No. 259] YEAS—398 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.099 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5076 June 12, 2018 
O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—29 
Beatty Bilirakis Blackburn Brady (PA) Costello (PA) Crawford Davis, Danny DeLauro Ellison Estes (KS) Gowdy Green, Al Harper Hoyer Jenkins (WV) King (NY) Marchant Murphy (FL) Rooney, Francis Roskam Sanford Sires Swalwell (CA) Taylor Titus Visclosky Walz Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1905 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to authorize the employees of a hospice program to han-dle controlled substances lawfully in the possession of a deceased hospice pa-tient for the purpose of disposal.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 224, nays 159, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 43, as follows: [Roll No. 260] YEAS—224 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clay Clyburn Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cooper Courtney Cramer Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette DelBene Demings DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Engel Eshoo Evans Ferguson Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Granger Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lesko Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Marshall Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Raskin Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Scalise Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Takano Thornberry Torres Trott Tsongas Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Williams Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) 
NAYS—159 
Aguilar Amash Babin Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Boyle, Brendan F. Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Cohen Comer Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Delaney Denham Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Emmer Espaillat Esty (CT) Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gomez Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight Lance Langevin Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Mast McGovern McKinley McSally Moolenaar Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Richmond Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rouzer Ruiz Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Soto Stivers Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Tonko 
NOT VOTING—43 
Beatty Bilirakis Blackburn Bost Brady (PA) Costello (PA) Crawford Cuellar Davis, Danny DeLauro Doggett Ellison Estes (KS) Gowdy Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harper Hoyer Issa Jenkins (WV) King (NY) Marchant Messer Murphy (FL) Pearce Rooney, Francis Roskam Sanford Schweikert Shuster Sires Swalwell (CA) Taylor Titus Turner Visclosky Walz Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1913 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and was unable to make votes that evening. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall 258, H.R. 5327—Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act; rollcall 259, H.R. 5041—Safe Disposal of Unused Medica-tion Act; and, rollcall 260, Approval of the Journal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.046 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5077 June 12, 2018 
REPORT ON H.R. 6072, TRANSPOR-TATION, HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. DIAZ-BALART, from the Com-mittee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–750) on the bill (H.R. 6072) making appropria-tions for the Department of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Devel-opment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the Union Calendar and or-dered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
b1915 RECOGNIZING JAMIE DUPREE (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to recognize an innovative journalist, Jamie Dupree, who is an ex-ample of perseverance in the face of ad-versity. Jamie is a familiar face to all of us in the Capitol, covering the goings-on and not-goings-on of Congress. However, he was stricken with Tongue Protrusion Dystonia, which left him unable to speak—a radio reporter unable to speak. Never one to let adversity get him down, Jamie enlisted the help of a com-pany named CereProc, which, using his old audio archives, built a Jamie Dupree voice app. When paired with a text-to-speech program, Jamie will be able to type a radio story, and the pro-gram will generate a recorded report in his new voice. Mr. Speaker, Jamie Dupree is an ex-ample for every American who has been afflicted with disease. Tenacious, intelligent, determined, he is a credit to his esteemed and essential profes-sion, the media, and to his organiza-tion, the Cox Media Group. Way to go, Jamie Dupree. We are all with you, buddy. 
f 
MIGRANT FAMILY SEPARATION (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with an aching heart for the in-nocent children being ripped from their parents’ arms at our Nation’s borders. Families fleeing violence with legiti-mate claims of asylum are having their children taken from them thanks to an inhumane policy put in place by this administration. Weeping 2- and 3-year- olds have been forced onto immigra-tion buses specifically equipped with car seats to be held in overcrowded cages, a crisis of this President’s own making. What kind of a country tears hun-dreds, if not thousands of families apart, inflicting trauma on the young and vulnerable? What happened to ‘‘give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses’’? What happened to America being a beacon of hope? This zero tolerance policy betrays our core values, and it must stop im-mediately. I have joined my friend and colleague, Congresswoman DELAURO , as a cosponsor of her resolution con-demning this policy, and I call on the administration to halt this horrendous practice and exercise some compassion for those who need it most. 
f 
CELEBRATING RAMADAN MUBARAK (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, as the month of Ramadan comes to a close this week, I rise to wish the Muslim residents of Pennsylvania’s 12th Con-gressional District Ramadan Mubarak. Over the last several years, I have ap-preciated the opportunity to break fast at an iftar with a number of these resi-dents, including a recent iftar at the Muslim Association of Greater Pitts-burgh. Ramadan is a holy month for reflec-tion and celebration for those in the Muslim faith. Ramadan also offers an opportunity for all Americans to cele-brate the tapestry of the people that makes up our Nation and our Bill of Rights that recognizes as the first of our freedoms the free exercise of reli-gion. Mindful of the violence that affects those practicing their faith in other lands here, I think particularly of the more than 100 Afghan soldiers the Taliban killed last year at a mosque in Mazar-i-Sharif, or the 14 Afghan Mus-lims killed when a mosque was bombed in Khost recently. Let us reassert that no one should ever be killed for their faith. May this month of Ramadan be the beginning of a new effort to achieve a lasting peace in troubled lands. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF PULSE NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, when will my Republican colleagues divorce themselves from the NRA? Despite all the uncertainties in this world, there seems to be one truth, that there will be no Republican action on gun vio-lence. That is what the NRA stands for: No Republican Action. That is what the NRA pays for when it funnels tens of millions of dollars into our Federal elections. Two years ago, 49 people were shot to death by a crazed gunman in a night-club in Orlando, Florida. On this, the anniversary of that massacre, I ask my colleagues to join with me in honoring those who were lost by uplifting the spirits of their families. Mr. Speaker, to truly honor the lives lost at the Pulse nightclub, in Las Vegas, at Parkland in Florida, and in communities every day across this Na-tion, we have to change our laws, and we have to do it now. f 
WISHING PRESIDENT GEORGE H.W. BUSH HAPPY 94TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise on the occasion of former President George H.W. Bush’s 94th birthday. He is the first U.S. President to turn 94 years old, and he has lived a lot of life in those years. President Bush is marking the occa-sion at his home in Kennebunkport, Maine. He won’t celebrate by sky-diving, as he has in past years, but, rather, with a low-key affair sur-rounded by family. President Bush has remained active in public life, and he has emphasized the importance of volunteerism. In a column in today’s USA Today, his son, Neil Bush, encouraged Americans to follow his dad’s example of volunteer service to make our Nation stronger, kinder, and more united. Neil said: ‘‘It’s an important lesson Dad instilled in me, the idea that we have the freedom to serve and that the choice to serve can define the type of life you live. In my father’s words, ‘Any definition of a successful life must include serving others.’’’ Mr. Speaker, I could not agree more, and I wish our 41st President a very happy birthday. 
f 
PHILIPPINE INDEPENDENCE DAY (Ms. SPEIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 120th anniversary of the Proclamation of Philippine Independ-ence. About 120 years ago, U.S. actions turned promises of freedom into false hope. Though Filipino rebels fought along-side our troops to end colonial Spanish rule, the Philippines became a U.S. ter-ritory, not a nation. Filipinos only achieved independence in 1946, after decades of further bloodshed. Despite this unfortunate past, we have moved forward together. I am proud to represent one of the largest Filipino communities in the world an-chored in Daly City. Filipino Ameri-cans make countless contributions to our society, from Bruno Mars’ songs to servicemembers’ brave sacrifices. Even when our leaders don’t share our values, the people of the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.105 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5078 June 12, 2018 
States and the Philippines together re-main committed to democracy, human rights, and self-determination. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF JERRY LEE LOUPEE (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the life of my friend, Mr. Jerry Lee Loupee, who passed away on May 28 at the age of 83. During my time being involved in politics in Chatham County, I got to know Jerry Loupee. I got to know him and his wife, Bonnie, because they were stalwarts. They were strong supporters of the Republican Party. Jerry was an integral part of the Skidaway Island Republican Club, the Chatham County Republican Party, and many charitable organizations around the world, always striving to make the world a better place to live. Jerry said: ‘‘If you teach your chil-dren compassion, you have done half the job of raising them right.’’ At home, he served to protect Geor-gia through the Georgia State Defense Force. Abroad, he worked for 31 years for Hercules Inc. in Pakistan, Taiwan, and Thailand, before coming back to his home in Savannah. Recently, Jerry and Bonnie had moved back to their home in Iowa. My wife, Amy, and I had the opportunity to visit with them before they moved. I am glad we had that final oppor-tunity to be with Jerry. Bonnie, please know that we love you very much, and we share with you in the celebration of Jerry’s life. Jerry was a true friend to many in Savannah and around the world, and he truly will be missed. 
f 
NORTH KOREA SUMMIT (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, just 6 months ago, my constituents and peo-ple all across Hawaii received a harrowing alert that came across their cell phones saying that a ballistic mis-sile was incoming and to take cover immediately. It turned out to be a false alarm, but the terror that my family, friends, peo-ple all across the State of Hawaii expe-rienced was very real, shining a light on the stark reality and the serious-ness of the North Korean nuclear threat that hangs over them and this country. The agreement that came from the U.S.-North Korea summit that just concluded late last night, committing North Korea to complete denuclearization, is a first step, but there is far more work to be done. We have to be vigilant to make sure that the details of this deal ensure com-plete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization of North Korea. You hear talking heads on TV talk-ing about who put up more points on the scoreboard, missing the seriousness and the actual point of what we are dealing with, that this is not a game. There are lives at stake. In the interest of peace and human-ity, we should all be rallying around our country’s success and continuing to pursue diplomacy and peace to re-move this threat and denuclearize North Korea. f 
HONORING THE VEGAS GOLDEN KNIGHTS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Vegas Golden Knights for their monumental accom-plishments this past season. Mr. Speaker, who knew there would ever be a winning hockey team in the desert? Never underestimate the people of Las Vegas and the State of Nevada. The story of the Vegas Golden Knights is truly inspiring and symbolic of the strength and perseverance and unity in the Las Vegas community. Following the October 1 shooting, a unique bond was created between Ne-vadans and the Golden Knights that helped mend a city that was torn apart by a devastating massacre. The com-munity rallied around a hockey team made up of players from teams around the country. They called them the ‘‘Golden Misfits.’’ These players fostered relationships that led to a magical season that will never ever be forgotten. The Golden Knights set an NHL record for an ex-pansion team with 51 wins, along with a trip to the Stanley Cup finals. I would like to congratulate and thank the owners, the players, the coaches, and the fans, as well as the Washington Capitals on their first Stanley Cup championship. Mr. Speaker, Las Vegas and the Gold-en Knights will always be Vegas born, Vegas strong. Go Knights go. 
f 
b1930 2-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF PULSE NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, today marks 2 years since the Pulse shooting. Tonight, my colleague Congressman SOTOand I stand on the floor of the United States House of Representatives to honor and remember the victims of that horrible night. The Pulse attack was the second worst mass shooting marring American history, the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil since 9/11, and the worst at-tack against the LGBTQ population in our history. This evening, in our hometown of Or-lando, thousands of people are gath-ered, like they were 1 year ago and 1 year after that. They gather to mourn, to honor, and to pay tribute to the 49 lives we lost on June 12, 2016, just as we do here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I wish I could be there with my friends, neighbors, and loved ones in Orlando, but I felt it was im-portant to be here, fulfilling our duty as Members of Congress. We stand here tonight on the floor of the House of Representatives so that the world will not forget the lives we lost in the Pulse nightclub shooting. This month, we are celebrating Pride Month. June 1 was Gun Violence Awareness Day. For the men and women at Pulse 2 years ago, the night-club was a refuge. It was a haven for our LGBTQ community and their friends; and particularly, it was Latin Night, and they gathered to celebrate. It was a place where, my bishop likes to say, they were there for a late night fellowship. This is what I want to emphasize. The victims at Pulse, like every other mass shooting, were not in the wrong place at the wrong time. They were liv-ing their lives, taking refuge in song, dance, joy, and celebrating their com-mon humanity at a time when the common humanity of LGBTQ Ameri-cans was not, and it is still not, univer-sally recognized in our country. It was supposed to be, Mr. Speaker, like any other Saturday night for the men and women inside the Pulse night-club. It was about 2:02 a.m., when ev-eryone was closing their tabs for the night and about to head home. That is when an ISIS-inspired gunman walked into the club with an assault rifle and a handgun. Within a few minutes, he killed 49 people and wounded 53 others. The innocent men and women in the club didn’t stand a chance against the gunman. We will return to that point later. The fact is that the weapons available to this gunman made his at-tack, in many instances, as bad as a battlefield. Orlando lost 49 lives that night; we lost 49 lives that night. Many others have had their lives changed forever. But after the attack, we saw our com-munity come together. We donated blood together. We raised money to-gether, and we mourned and grieved to-gether. Mr. Speaker, tonight we con-tinue to mourn, and we continue to grieve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.107 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5079 June 12, 2018 
Together with my colleague, Con-gressman D
ARREN SOTO, we want to re-member the victims, tell their stories, and celebrate the lives we lost 2 years ago. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO), my colleague, whom I am absolutely honored to serve with. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gresswoman D
EMINGS . I thank her for her service in law enforcement. I know she can view this at a level that some of us who have never witnessed this type of tragedy, never felt this type of tragedy—she has an understanding of it that I am grateful for her imparting to me. As someone who was a State legis-lator and a lawyer, I have never seen this kind of tragedy up close. And even still to this day, as we remember these 49 souls, these 49 angels whom we lost and the 68 injured 2 years ago at the Pulse nightclub tragedy in Orlando, we still, as a community, are trying to un-derstand this carnage, this loss, this tragedy. Our hearts still ache, Mr. Speaker. This was the single deadliest known violent attack on the LGBTQ commu-nity, an attack on our Latino commu-nity, an attack on our African Amer-ican community, and an attack on the whole Orlando community. Until last September, it was the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. Mr. Speaker, they have gotten even deadlier, with Las Vegas just recently. Yet our community showed its resil-iency and strength in the face of diver-sity. Orlando Strong is more than just a hashtag; it is our commitment to pledge to stand up to hate and to gun violence. Since then, Floridians stand stronger than ever. Over the past 2 days, I have had the honor of attending events with Con-gresswoman M
URPHY , Congresswoman D
EMINGS , and Congressman M ARK T
AKANO , co-chair of the LGBT Congres-sional Caucus. We had an LGBTQ roundtable with local groups. We vis-ited the Pulse Memorial. We helped hand out scholarships under the 49 Fund Scholarship Ceremony. We toured The LGBT Center. We went to a rally on action for gun violence. We went to the Orange County History Museum to see the history of those days, and I joined with Congresswoman V
AL D
EMINGS , my colleague here today, to hear the 49 church bells ring for the 49 victims at the First United Methodist Church in downtown Orlando. Today, we honor the 49 lives taken by displaying love, acceptance, and kind-ness. But, most importantly, we honor them with action. That has been the theme over the last couple of days: we honor them with action. I would like to recognize and focus my comments, in large part tonight, on following local groups and survivors in central Florida who, 2 years later, con-tinue to transform their grief and mourning into positive change for all. We cannot change the tragedy that happened. We cannot change the past. We cannot bring back those 49 angels whom we lost, but we can give meaning to this great tragedy through action to make sure these types of shootings no longer are commonplace in our society. We honor them with action. First, I would like to talk about Brandon Wolf. Brandon, a native of Or-egon, was one of the survivors during the Pulse nightclub shooting on June 12, 2 years ago today. Brandon moved to Orlando in 2008, after attending the University of Or-egon Political Science School. He now lives in Tallahassee, where he has be-come a leading activist in LGBTQ issues in minority youth. After the shooting, Brandon and his friends launched The Dru Project, named after Drew Leinonen, an LGBTQ nonprofit organization on a mission to spread love across the Nation. I got to meet with Drew’s mother this past week at our LGBT roundtable, and I will talk a little bit more about that in a little while. The advocacy group sponsors gay- straight alliances in public schools and offers scholarships to help send future leaders to college. In August of last year, Brandon joined the board of ad-visers for a political action committee dedicated to ending gun violence. Following the Pulse tragedy, Bran-don was inspired by Drew’s words: ‘‘We never say I love you enough.’’ He trav-els the Nation speaking on behalf of LGBTQ youth—education, common-sense gun legislation, and the future of intersectionality are some of the topics he discusses—spreading the message of unconditional love and inclusion. I attended the Pulse rally to honor them with action yesterday, organized by Brandon at Orlando City Hall, an amazing event that I will talk a little bit more about tonight. Another call for action, to honor them with action was the onePULSE Foundation. The onePULSE Founda-tion was established by the owners of Pulse nightclub, including Barbara Poma, to create a sanctuary of hope following the shooting. The foundation supports the design, construction, maintenance, and oper-ation of a memorial and museum to re-member the Pulse nightclub shooting. They also work towards giving out community grants to care for the vic-tims’ families and the survivors. The foundation has currently estab-lished an interim memorial, which serves as a sanctuary of quiet reflec-tion and love, dedicated to honoring the senseless loss of innocent life. There is hope to create an official per-manent museum in the future, some-thing that I look forward to working on with my colleagues, Congresswoman D
EMINGS and Congresswoman M URPHY . The onePULSE Foundation is also creating annual 49 individual college scholarships named in honor of each victim and designed for their specific vocations, hobbies, or life aspirations. Through their work, the onePULSE Foundation makes sure that the names and legacies of each of the victims, the 49 victims, these angels whom we lost that night, live on and are never for-gotten. I would also like to talk about our Q- LatinX community. LatinX is a term referring to our younger, next genera-tion of our Latin community. In fact, many of our more senior Hispanics think: What the heck are these crazy kids talking about with LatinX? It is a self-styling of folks who are Millennials and who are Generation X who are Latin. It is amazing that this name has come into the common nomenclature now, really amazing, and a testament to this kind of intersectionality that we saw that night, that we lost so much of, that is now being highlighted as a result. Q-LatinX was founded in response to the mass shooting and active hate that occurred on June 12, 2 years ago today, at the Pulse nightclub. Its mission is to bring together and empower the most marginalized members of our community, establish affirming and supportive healing relationships and spaces, build a strong and united com-munity, and work towards a society free of fear, violence, and hate. Through their program of social jus-tice education, they built a supportive infrastructure, addressing inequity and promoting inclusionary practices for local leadership and partnership agen-cies. Q-LatinX strives to give a voice to the community. Through their immi-gration committee and HIV prevention education committee, Q-LatinX makes sure to prioritize issues that affect both the LGBTQ and Latino commu-nities. b1945 But it gets at this bigger issue of intersectionality. I know when you look at our 49 vic-tims, just like the rainbow flag that honors our LGBTQ community, it is a rainbow of individuals, a rainbow of backgrounds, and it is symbolic of the intersectionality of Orlando, an area that Congresswomen DEMINGS and M
URPHY have the honor of representing with me. I am proud of that diversity, and I know Congresswoman D
EMINGS  and Congresswoman M
URPHY are proud of that diversity. Mr. Speaker, I want to now give Con-gresswoman D
EMINGS the opportunity to continue her impressions on both intersectionality, gun violence, and so many other issues that I know that we will be addressing tonight. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman S
OTO as he talked about the advocacy that we have seen in the place that we call home, the place that we love in Or-lando. It is amazing how, out of the ashes, out of tragedy, good things can happen. We are so proud of Brandon and others like him who have turned their unbe-lievable, unbearable pain into action. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.110 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5080 June 12, 2018 
Congressman S OTO said one of the best ways to honor the victims is through action. When we looked at the devastation 2 years ago, we started a serious conversation about how to do that. Of course, this year is a painful time for us, for Orlando, for our Nation, for the world, for so many who grieved with us and continue to grieve with us. But as we think about action and what has happened since Pulse, I just have to mention a horrible tragedy that happened in Orlando yesterday, as we talk about gun violence and continue to work hard to turn our pain into ad-vocacy and to legislation. Yesterday, the Orlando Police De-partment responded to a domestic vio-lence call. The suspect was a convicted domestic abuser who had been arrested several other times for felonious ac-tions and for violating his probation, but he also had a gun. When the officers arrived, he opened fire, hitting one officer, Officer Kevin Valencia, who had been with the de-partment since 2016. This young officer is in his twenties, and he has a wife and two young children. Our thoughts and prayers go out to Officer Valencia, who is in critical condition, fighting for his life. But, inside, the shooter had his part-ner’s four young children: Irayan was 12. She wore glasses with pink rims. She had dark, wavy hair and a bright smile. At school, she was known as an overachiever. Lillia was 10. She was blonde and wore glasses. Aiden was 6. He and his sister at-tended Sadler Elementary School, and he loved dinosaurs. Dove was 1 year old. She loved to play outside. Officers evacuated the apartment complex where the standoff was occur-ring. Neighbors stood by in parking lots, some of them in their pajamas, while the hours ticked away. But when the police entered the apartment, des-perate to save lives, they found all four children dead, as well as the shooter. As we very painfully remember the victims of Pulse, a day before the 2- year anniversary, we lost two young girls and two young boys. These chil-dren will never grow up, will never re-alize their full potential. It is amazing what our children are now having to endure and having to deal with. A 10-year-old girl who lives in the area spoke to a reporter this morning, and she said: ‘‘He killed him-self and killed the little kids.’’ That is this 10-year-old girl’s reality. Gun violence kills our children. It kills our future. It breaks into our homes, our theaters, our restaurants, our nightclubs. It turns nightclubs into shooting ranges. It turns homes into battlefields. It turns schools into thea-ters of war at worst, prisons at best. We have few answers at this point about what happened and why on the eve of a 2-year anniversary of Pulse, why this man, this convicted felon with a history of violence, had a gun. We know that in more than half of our Nation’s mass shootings, a family member is at least one of the victims. We know that in nearly half of our Nation’s mass shootings, there are warning signs beforehand, often vio-lence against family members. Let’s think about it. Before a gun-man in Sutherland Springs, Texas, killed 26 people, he had been convicted of domestic violence. Before a shooter tried to kill our friends and colleagues at the congressional baseball practice, he had beat his foster daughter and shot a gun at her boyfriend. Before the Sandy Hook murderer killed 20 chil-dren and six others at a Connecticut el-ementary school, he first killed his mother. There are usually warning signs be-forehand. The Pulse shooting was no exception. Before the Pulse gunman murdered 49, he beat his previous wife and locked her away from her family. The American Journal of Public Health found that having a gun in the household during a domestic violence situation makes it five times more likely that the abuse will turn into a homicide. So what do we do? What do we do as we talk about the advocacy that we are so proud of that is going on in our hometown? What do we do as legisla-tors in one of the most powerful bodies not only in our country, but in the world? We remember our victims. We tell their stories. We grieve with their fam-ilies and with the survivors. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield to Congressman S
OTOto continue to share his thoughts with us. Ms. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gresswoman D
EMINGS for bringing up something that I know has troubled all Orlandoans right now, which is a day before the second annual remembrance of the Pulse nightclub shooting, we had a standoff where four children were killed. It is a testament to the fact that there is so much left to be done. Next I want to talk about Chris-topher Hansen. Christopher Hansen is a survivor of the Pulse nightclub shoot-ing. That night, he personally helped save the lives of those around him by assisting injured victims. Mr. Hansen is now a member of the Pride Fund to End Gun Violence’s board of advisors. Pride Fund works to-wards supporting candidates on the Federal and State level who will pro-mote gun reform and advocate for LGBTQ safety and equality. Pride Fund is currently America’s only LGBTQ organization that focuses sole-ly on gun policy reform to ensure safe-ty for all. Through his own recovery, Hansen has found a home in a community which he recently joined months before the shootings. He has become a spokes-person for the memory of those killed at the Pulse nightclub and a central figure of support for survivors and ev-eryone affected by the tragedy. In an op-ed for the Orlando Weekly, Christopher writes: ‘‘It started with an invitation. An invitation to a popular gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida: Pulse. In preparation for my night out, I decided to see a movie—’The Con-juring 2’—a horror movie based on a true story. Little did I know that I would have a night of horror of my own. And my night of painting the town red would be drenched in blood. ‘‘Before the attack, I was having the time of my life. I was tearing up the dance floor and mingling with fellow club-goers. Then everything changed. I heard three loud booms, but I didn’t think much of it. I continued dancing, thinking it was the base from the music and not the sound of gunshots. By the time I realized what was hap-pening, screams, smoke, and flashing lights filled the club. People were rush-ing toward me, desperately looking for exits and places to hide. I followed the crowds and moved past the bathroom where people were hiding. I managed to get out unscathed. There was a pause in gunfire, and I was compelled to go back. Before I knew it, the gunfire started again, and I watched two men heading towards the hospital—one was shot twice. I urged his friend to keep him calm as I tried to stop the bleed-ing. I took my bandana off and wrapped it around one bullet wound, and pressed my hand on the other, praying he wouldn’t die. I kept him level on the curb until an ambulance arrived. ‘‘I turned and saw a girl in the grass, begging to be moved because she couldn’t get up. We were told not to move her to avoid further injury, but I couldn’t ignore her cries. I picked her up and her body became cold. I put her on my lap, which saved her life; she was shot in the back, and my thigh pressed against her wound. As she began to fall asleep, I slapped her face and asked her questions. Through keeping her awake, I learned her name was Kalisha, and she was a 19-year-old from Ohio.’’ Just 19 years old. ‘‘A man came to me and said I saved him as well, but I didn’t remember; ev-erything became a blur. ‘‘I wanted to help as many people as I could, but I was later told to leave since I wasn’t a professionally trained paramedic. My phone died earlier that night and my wallet was still in the club. Without a way to contact loved ones or money to get home, I walked the streets of Orlando covered in blood. I feared for my life that night and felt helpless and alone. I thought about the victims who were still there and the families who would learn their loved ones never made it home. ‘‘That night, I met the mother of a victim I had seen hiding in the bath-room. She showed me his frantic text messages. His name was Eddie Justice, and he was killed in that very bath-room. The girls I met that night, Akyra Murray, Tiara Parker, and Pa-tience Carter, were hiding in the same bathroom—all three had been shot. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.112 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5081 June 12, 2018 
Akyra, who just graduated from high school and was ready to attend Mercyhurst University in the fall on a basketball scholarship, had died. At 18 years old, she was the youngest Pulse victim.’’ 18 years old. We lost her. b2000 ‘‘Her life was drastically cut short due to gun violence and someone with easy access to military-style assault weapons. ‘‘Forty-nine people lost their lives that night, and another 38,000 will lose their life this year to senseless gun vio-lence. I’ve joined Pride Fund’s Board of Advisors so I can be a voice for the sur-vivors and victims of Pulse, Las Vegas, and every shooting to come. ‘‘Pride Fund’s mission to save lives starts by supporting candidates on the Federal and State level who will act on sensible gun reform and champion for LGBTQ safety and equality. Pride Fund and I are turning tragedy into ac-tion’’—they are also honoring these victims with action—‘‘through a focus on commonsense gun reforms like en-acting background checks, limiting ammunition sales, and preventing those convicted of hate crimes from purchasing guns. ‘‘Members of Congress, reluctant as they are to cross the NRA, can effect change. They can address the easy ac-cess to assault weapons, large-capacity magazines, and ammunition sales. They can address our safety, rather than focusing instead on the safety of their own seats, courtesy of NRA cash. ‘‘If Members of Congress won’t prioritize our safety, then we have the power to find those that will.’’ Those are powerful words by Chris-topher Hansen of the Orlando Weekly, so I want to take a few minutes about action. First, I want to talk about gun re-form actions and lack of actions on the Federal and on the State level. On the Federal level, we have had some re-forms actually pass this past year. In the omnibus, we saw that the CDC can now study gun violence, even though they are not allowed to take any posi-tions or say anything that would be deemed to promote or to advocate against gun violence. We had a Fix NICS bill that will en-sure that our agencies are getting the information about those who have been convicted of crimes or those who may be ineligible for other reasons into the background check system earlier, so that those background checks will be more accurate. We even see rule-making to potentially ban bump stocks which were used in the Las Vegas shooting. But the list is short of action that has been taken by this Congress, and the list of unfinished business is long. First, is the failure to even give a hearing on re-instituting the Federal assault weapon ban. I say re-insti-tuting because many people forget, from 1994 to 2004, we had such a ban. During that time, people’s Second Amendment rights were still in effect; but we banned weapons that have no civilian use whatsoever. And we saw, during that period, the statistics bear out, because when you look at gun vio-lence and mass shootings at that time, I challenge anybody watching this to-night across America to recall whether they remember during that time the number of mass shootings, the number of deaths during the assault weapons ban. Then we look at 2004–2014, the num-ber of incidents tripled. The number of deaths tripled. And that is just to 2014, not including Charleston or Vegas or the Pulse nightclub shooting or re-cently, in Parkland. We also see universal background checks still not fixed. Ninety percent of Americans support this. Ninety per-cent of Americans support that there should no longer be loopholes in our universal background checks. That you could easily, right now, sell in a gun show without any background check; this makes no sense. You could sell in a private sale without a back-ground check; this makes no sense. This is an easy way for people who are wholly ineligible to be able to buy guns every day in every State. And so what is the purpose of fixing our Fix NICS bill and having better background checks, if these giant loop-holes that swallow the whole? Also, these extended magazine clips. The reason people heard 45 to 50 shots fired in a minute is because of these ex-tended magazines and these assault weapons. When you have a shotgun, when you have a handgun—and I will let Congresswoman V
ALDEMINGS talk a little bit more with her background in law enforcement—yes, you can hurt people. But you can’t do the kind of carnage we have seen with these as-sault weapons. And I look forward to hearing your opinions on that Con-gresswoman D
EMINGS . I also want to talk about gun reform on the State level. We had some vic-tories, we had some defeats. After fighting to keep guns out of teachers’ hands in schools, that battle was lost; while we have been able to prevent them from being on college campuses. But we did have some positives, and I give 100 percent of the credit to the victims of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting and the victims of the Pulse nightclub shoot-ing, who stood hand in hand and went up to Tallahassee to advocate for greater gun safety. And I could say, having survived nearly 10 years in the Florida Legislature, it is not a wel-come place for a lot of these reforms. But they had some great reforms passed. They raised the age to purchase firearms from 18 to 21. They banned bump stocks—which, President Trump, it is time to follow suit like they did in Florida. Attorney General Sessions, it is time to get those rules in place. They also were able to harden our schools. Now that is something that I was remiss before to not mention. We did have the Safe Schools Act to help harden our schools. They also created critical red flag legislation that allows our law enforce-ment—and I look forward to your com-ments on this as well, from your back-ground, Congresswoman Demings—to allow law enforcement officers who are on the scene and see that someone will be a danger to others, to be able to take away their guns for a limited time period and then to be able to go and re-quest a judge to get it back. We do this in domestic violence, as you are famil-iar with. So these are things that actually have happened in Florida that are mov-ing the ball forward. And if it can hap-pen in our State, that has been so pro-tective of some of these critical re-forms, I believe it can happen, both on the Federal level and that Republicans and Democrats can join together for these reforms. But the last thing I want to talk about, but not least, are first respond-ers, because you can’t talk about ac-tion without talking about our first re-sponders. The brave men and women of the Orlando Police Department that you had the honor of being chief of, Congresswoman DEMINGS ; the brave men and women of the Orange County Sheriff’s Office, which your husband is our honorable sheriff of; our Orlando and our Orange County Fire Depart-ment who were on the scene, along with our EMTs, to give lifesaving aid to 68 injured people and try to save some of those 49 we lost. We have had some action to help out our first responders, too. Our UCF Re-stores program, which helps with PTSD for firefighters, law enforce-ment, and our military, immerses these heroes into virtual reality so that they can, unfortunately, have to relive those experiences, but then meet with a psychologist or a psychiatrist to talk about that, to bring up these re-pressed memories. And we have had tremendous success. We have had tre-mendous feedback from our local fire departments, from our local law en-forcement, and from our military. We are able to work together, you and I and Congresswoman M
URPHY , to get $4 million in our Federal budget and open up more of this treatment, not only to our military, but to vic-tims of sexual assault in this recent National Defense Authorization Act bill. We also saw, and I will let you ex-pound on this more, anti-terrorism dol-lars finally come back down to Or-lando, that you led the charge on. And thank you for that, Congresswoman D
EMINGS , for doing that, from your perch helping out with homeland secu-rity and being our expert on security and on antiterrorism, protecting the homeland. And then, finally, I want to end this part of our section by talking about the advancements in our pension sys-tem in Florida to help out our first re-sponders. Your husband was a leader, is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.113 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5082 June 12, 2018 
a leader, but was a leader in the State Legislature, as Sheriff, to help with the Adam Pierce Act, which made sure that our fallen law enforcement who were paralyzed but still wanted to work, wouldn’t lose their pensions be-cause they want to do some adminis-trative work and want to still be in-volved and want to go to work every day and do their part for justice. And that was a bill that your husband spearheaded through, and I remember. We also had an amendment of my bill onto that bill; you may or may not re-call, and the Sheriff was really nice to allow us to do it along with law en-forcement, to help our firefighters. There was a loophole where, if our firefighters died in training exercises, they would get nothing. They would get no death benefit for their families. They wouldn’t get the healthcare ben-efit. They would be left with nothing because of this loophole. And John C. Curry, Mr. Begg, and Mr. Mickle from Osceola County, John Curry, from Volusia County, they, ret-rospectively, were able to get relief be-cause we made it retrospective. Then finally, we were able to, after we lost Deputy Pine in Orange County, with Sheriff Jerry Demings helping us lead the way, made sure that first re-sponders who died in the line of duty didn’t get 50 percent of their pension. They weren’t half heroes. They now get 100 percent of their pension for their families, because they are 100 percent heroes and they gave 100 percent of their life and put 100 percent of their courage and their life on the line. And, at the very least, their families can be taken care of when they are no longer with us. So there is a lot that we have hon-ored with action over the years, both before and after Pulse. But there is a lot more to go, and I look forward to hearing your comments on that, Con-gresswoman D
EMINGS . And thank you again for your service as our Orlando chief. And I know that there is a lot that you could bring to this conversation that we are con-tinuing on with based upon your rich experience in these fields. Mrs. DEMINGS. Congressman S
OTO, I want to thank you so much for several things that you’ve talked about. First of all, your recognition of our first responders, our brave police offi-cers and firefighters and the absolutely amazing job that they do, not just in Orlando, but across the Nation, to keep, as you put it, our homeland safe. When you think about it, our first re-sponders get called to every tragedy. I heard someone once say that—I believe it was Chief David Brown, former Chief David Brown in Dallas, Texas who said that every time society fails or some-thing goes wrong, law enforcement’s called in to deal with it, to fix it. So thank you for your recognition of them. We lost four law enforcement officers in the line of duty last year. And we have one, as you heard me mention earlier, Officer Valencia, who is in the hospital fighting for his life. I also thank you for the beginning comments when you talked about the bravery of some of the survivors at the Pulse nightclub, those who did what they could to shield others from harm, to help others get to places of safety. But also, I think the elephant in the room are the giant loopholes that you spoke about. When we share the stories of the Pulse victims, it is impossible to separate those stories from the discus-sion of gun violence in this country. The two are certainly intertwined, and we cannot discuss one without dis-cussing the other. As we remember the lives of these 49 victims, and countless others through-out the great Nation that we serve, I am reminded that every American should have the right to go to school or church or a mall, synagogue, a movie theater or a nightclub without being brutally murdered or wounded by someone with a gun. b2015 You have reminded me, Congressman SOTO, that our job as legislators is to create laws that allow Americans to live their lives in safety and security. Two years after Pulse, we have not done that job, and you so clearly point-ed that out in your comments. We have not closed the loopholes that allow disturbed people to buy a gun without a background check, even though we represent Americans and 97 percent of Americans support that idea. We have not implemented universal background checks while we represent Americans, although 83 percent of Americans support universal back-ground checks. We have not banned assault weapons like the one that was used to take so many lives in the Pulse shooting, the Las Vegas shooting, the Parkland shooting, and so many others, while 67 percent of Americans support banning assault weapons. The gentleman talked earlier about what those weapons were designed to do. I spent 27 years in law enforcement. I can tell you that they were designed for the battlefield. Persons shot by as-sault weapons, the chances of survival are greatly diminished. They were not designed for the streets of our neighborhoods and in our communities and in our school cam-puses and at our churches and in our movie theaters and other places that are designated safe places. No, we have not banned bump stocks. What sense does it make to say that automatic weapons are illegal, but allow individuals to go out and, for less than $200, purchase a device that will take your semiautomatic weapon and make it function like an automatic weapon? As the gentleman mentioned earlier, no, we have not fully empowered law enforcement to better protect our fam-ilies by allowing them to temporarily remove guns from troubled individuals. Mr. Speaker, 2 years after Pulse is more than 2 years too late, but the time is always right. I believe Dr. King said this, to do what is right. Instead of responding to mass shoot-ings where police officers are shot in the head, and children are killed and other innocent people, we should work to prevent them. As a police chief, my goal was to stop violence from occur-ring in the first place. We, as Members of Congress, have the ability to do that. Congress has acted on this issue be-fore. We passed the National Firearms Act of, gosh, 1934; the Gun Control Act of 1968; the Gun-Free Schools Act; the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act; and the Federal assault weapons bans. These were bipartisan efforts that saved lives. Where is the legislative response to the Pulse shooting 2 years later? Where is the legislative response to the Park-land shooting? I urge my colleagues, my friends, let’s do our job and make schools and theaters and nightclubs of our country truly safe. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Florida has 12 minutes remaining. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, we are here tonight to honor the victims of Pulse. They deserve to be remembered. Their families deserve recognition, and they also deserve action. The men, the women, the mothers, the fathers, the sons and daughters, the brothers and sisters gunned down in our country de-serve remembrance. They also deserve courage from their leaders. They deserve action from us. As we utilize the last, I guess, 11 min-utes now, I will yield to Congressman S
OTO to just kind of wrap up his thoughts and leave with us some words that, hopefully, will carry us to the right direction. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman for yielding. Of course, at the end of this, I am going to give the gentlewoman the last word, if that is okay with her. So it has been a busy last couple of days as we pay tribute to the second annual remembrance of the Pulse nightclub shooting. This weekend, I got to go to PrideFest Kissimmee, and there is much to be proud about in Kis-simmee. We actually have a human rights ordinance in Kissimmee County and Osceola County. People in Orange and Osceola can’t be fired if they are gay or lesbian, bi-sexual or transgender. But in a third county I represent, Polk County, they still can be. In fact, there is a commu-nity called Poinciana that is in both counties. If you live on the east side of Poinciana, you have rights. If you live on the west side, you still do not. We also have now the Zebra Coalition that works with LGBT youth who are subject to bullying and can be intimi-dated. We are about to get the center 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.115 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5083 June 12, 2018 
in Kissimmee as well to be a beacon of services and of hope, a safe place in a county that welcomes inclusiveness. I also got to go to the 49 Fund schol-arship ceremony where we saw LGBT youth be awarded scholarships. These are the future leaders who talk about how they are going to lead in LGBT rights, lead in gun safety reform. But I believe education is the seed of hope to stop this hate from happening in the future, and the future is bright. We also had Congressman M
ARK T
AKANO come down to visit with us, the co-chair of the LGBT caucus, for an LGBTQ roundtable. We heard about how HIV funds are being cut in Florida because Federal funds are being cut, even though our State trades off with being the number one State for new HIV contraction. So this is an issue that is affecting us. We heard there about how these transgender school guidelines were one of the first things that the Trump ad-ministration took out, which is now leading schools to uncertainty in how they have to protect these vulnerable kids. Also, we heard even about some of the things that we take for granted, like that we are going to be having, through Zebra Coalition, an LGBTQ prom, because a lot of these kids, they get outcast in high school, and we want it to be an inclusive community. We are an inclusive community. We also visited the Pulse nightclub memorial with Barbara Poma, and we watched the photos of grief. We looked at the names. We signed in and took our pilgrimage. We went to the GLBT Center and heard about them coordinating services on that day and afterward, about the outpouring of love and supplies, and folks coming in to ask what they could do to help. Then last night, we had the rally against gun violence. It rained the whole time, but people’s spirits were up. This was the neatest point: It ended with an actual rainbow. Because the sun came out, a rainbow came down. It was right after our prayer, so I believe God was watching and gave us a sign with a rainbow at the end of that. Then the Orange County Historical Museum this morning, as we saw in the photographs, we saw the memorabilia and more quilts than I have ever seen in my life, beautiful, colored tap-estries, pictures of so many of our friends who fought side by side, and memorialized this great tragedy. Lastly, we were at First United Methodist Church. The gentlewoman and I got to participate in that this morning, where we heard the 49 bells with each of the victim’s names being discussed, being memorialized. So I am going to leave it back to the gentlewoman and say it was an honor to be able to be there this morning, to hear the ringing of the 49 bells for our 49 victims, and we will never forget. I thank Congresswoman D
EMINGS for spending this time with me. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, 49 bells to represent 49 people. Our community declared June 12 to be Orlando United Day, a day of love and kindness. Today, we take time to remember the 49 angels and all of those who still carry physical and mental wounds from that day, 2 years after the attack. I believe, Congressman SOTO, more strongly than ever, that love will win. While the pain will never go away, I do believe that we have an obligation to turn our pain into action. We will not forget those who lost their lives. I am proud to represent a community that has acted with such incredible strength and love. I am proud to con-tinue to honor these men and women, not only through our words, but through our actions. I am also proud to be joined by Congressman S
OTO, and I thank the gentleman for his unwaver-ing commitment and dedication to pro-tecting our homeland, and his commit-ment to creating and passing meaning-ful legislation to keep guns out of the hands of bad people. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his advocacy and his leadership on this issue, and I thank him for joining me in this day of remembrance. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2851, STOP THE IMPORTA-TION AND TRAFFICKING OF SYN-THETIC ANALOGUES ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5735, TRANSITIONAL HOUSING FOR RECOVERY IN VIA-BLE ENVIRONMENTS DEM-ONSTRATION PROGRAM ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 5788, SECURING THE INTERNATIONAL MAIL AGAINST OPIOIDS ACT OF 2018 Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–751) on the resolution (H. Res. 934) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2851) to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5735) to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a dem-onstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals re-covering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, and for other purposes; and providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 5788) to pro-vide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain inter-national mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic in-formation on international mail ship-ments of mail, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. GOOD THINGS HAPPENING IN OUR ECONOMY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, this is actually one of those sort of joyful moments that we finally get a chance to come up here, and we don’t very often get to do that. We are going to have a discussion of what is happening in our economy, in our society for both our friends on the left and those of us on the right, the love of people, and the fact that they have opportunity. When you look at the unemployment statistics, when you actually take a look at how many of our brothers and sisters are moving back into the work-force, the income, and the closing of in-come inequality, there are wonderful things happening out there. The neat thing tonight, we are going to bring a number of Members from dif-ferent parts of the country, particu-larly in the West, and we are going to talk about what they are seeing hap-pening in their region. We are going to talk also about a little bit of the data and a handful of fairly interesting things that I am actually excited about. So, first, I yield to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ) and give him an opportunity to talk about what is happening in his State. b2030 Mr. GIANFORTE. I thank the gen-tleman from Arizona, Mr. Speaker, for leading this effort. It is a pleasure for me to share with this body the benefits Montanans are seeing from tax reform. It has been 6 months since President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act into law, and we are already seeing the results. The benefits of the tax cuts are not a theory. I see it when I meet with Montanans throughout the State. Paychecks are growing. Montana businesses are making investments and creating jobs. In fact, since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law, 1 million new jobs have been created. The national unemployment rate matches the 49-year low, and Mon-tanans’ unemployment rate has dropped. America’s economic growth is exceeding expectations. Hardworking Montanans across the State, whether at the UPS facility in Missoula, at Big Sky Wholesale Seeds in Shelby, or at the Billings Flying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.116 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5084 June 12, 2018 
Service, have told me their paychecks have grown thanks to the tax reform act. The owner of 11 fast-food restaurants throughout Montana told me in Great Falls that he was giving his employees a raise and increasing starting wages for all new employees. A teacher in Billings in a public school there told me her monthly pay-check grew by over $130. Mr. Speaker, certain leaders have de-scribed the benefits from tax reform, whether bonuses or larger paychecks, as just crumbs. They call them crumbs. Tell that to the teacher in Billings who will keep nearly $1,600 a year more of her hard-earned money. According to a recent survey, small business optimism has reached another record high. That confidence is trans-lating into investments and more jobs. The owner of Westland Seed in Ronan reports he is hiring more people be-cause of tax reform. At a roundtable discussion about ag-riculture in Bozeman, a local farmer and food processor said tax reform con-tributed to his decision to double his staff from 6 to 12 employees. Senior officials at the Boeing facility in Helena indicate they will add over 20 new employees this year. Montana small businesses credit tax reform for their decisions to expand. At a roundtable with women small- business owners in Bozeman, one entre-preneur said the new tax policies were a big part of her decision to launch two new businesses this year. Other Montana businesses are mak-ing investments thanks to tax reform. Loenbro, a Great Falls industrial construction and manufacturing firm that employs more than 600, said the tax reform immediately added 15 per-cent to their bottom line. Tax reform is leading them to increase worker ben-efits, enhance training programs, and invest in construction equipment that will create more jobs. Billings Flying Service credits the full expensing provision for its decision to purchase new equipment. The com-pany is also investing in new research and development for enhanced fire-fighting equipment In addition to larger paychecks, in-creased investment, greater small busi-ness confidence, and more good-paying jobs, more than 87 million utility cus-tomers are seeing lower energy prices. Utility companies cite tax reform as the reason they are reducing their rates. Montanans are among those ben-efiting. According to recent reports, NorthWestern Energy and Montana- Dakota Utilities have proposed cutting their rates thanks to the new tax law. Mr. Speaker, certain leaders in this Chamber warned that the tax cuts would be Armageddon. I don’t know any hardworking Montanans who would agree that keeping more of their hard-earned money is Armageddon or that job creation is Armageddon or that small businesses succeeding is Ar-mageddon or that a lower utility bill is Armageddon. Tax reform isn’t producing crumbs. Tax reform isn’t leading to Armaged-don. Mr. Speaker, tax reform is work-ing in Montana. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, as we walk through these, there are fun little tidbits to understand. Math is complicated and tax reve-nues—the fact of the matter is we are only where we are at in the year, so we are not completely done with the fiscal year. But we pulled up, a little while ago, the status from the amount of rev-enues up until April. So in the 2017 fiscal year, at that April time, we had taken in $456 billion in revenues. Revenues come from lots of different sources, but substantially they are from the economic activity in our Nation, the income tax, corporate tax, payroll taxes, and other things. So it was 456 last year. This year it is $510 billion. So understand that. It is not a com-plete fiscal year, but as our friend from Montana was just saying, there was such hyperbolic language from some of our friends on the other side that the world was going to come to an end, the fact of the matter is that revenues are blowing the doors off from where we thought they would be. This is a won-derful thing. To tell one of the other stories, I will invite the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ) to tell us what is hap-pening in Colorado. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ). Mr. TIPTON. Madam Speaker, I sup-ported the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act be-cause, as a former small-business owner, I know the immense challenges a complex Tax Code can present to business owners, workers, and families alike. When H.R. 1 was signed into law, it opened the door to a new era of pros-perity for Colorado and for our coun-try, and the evidence is all around us: We have already seen over 1 million jobs created; Hundreds of companies have contrib-uted $4 billion in bonuses, impacting over 4 million workers; The unemployment rate is at the lowest level that we have seen in a half a century; and Small business optimism has hit an all-time high. In Alamosa, Colorado, a small town in my district, tax reform has helped First Southwest Bank stay in town and provide financial services products to its community, a key driver of eco-nomic growth and success in smaller towns around the country. As CEO Kent Curtis said after the passage of tax reform: ‘‘We’re excited to take advantage of the tax reform and give the positive impact it has on First Southwest Bank right back to our team members and the rural Colo-rado community. By being able to pro-vide a higher living wages to our start-ing employees and invest in our team, we can be a catalyst for economic growth and reaffirm our commitment to a better quality of life in all of the rural Colorado communities our branches serve.’’ First Southwest Bank has raised its starting wage to $14 an hour plus full benefits, a major success for a small community in southwest Colorado. It is exactly businesses like this that are committed to their communities and to their neighbors that this his-toric tax reform package was intended to help. Increased wages, along with changes to the tax bracket and standard deduc-tion, mean Coloradans across the Third District have higher earning potential and can keep more of their hard-earned money, which spells economic growth. These improvements can help families take a vacation to one of our beloved national parks, put a down payment on a new car or a home, or be able to pay medical expenses. Madam Speaker, the effects of this monumental tax reform effort are felt right here at home, and I am proud of the Coloradans who are working so hard to be able to improve their lives because of the opportunity this legisla-tion has presented. If I may, I would like to give you one personal story. I was in my hometown, and I had the opportunity to be able to go to a local restaurant. The young lady who was a server has two children. She went out of her way to come up and tell me that the extra $50 to $60 per week that she is getting in her pay-check is making a real difference in her family’s life. I told her there is better news actu-ally coming, because when she gets ready to file those taxes this coming April 15, she is going to find that her personal exemption has doubled and that for her children, that child tax credit that she has counted on has dou-bled as well, putting more resources back into the pockets of the people who earn that money. As my colleague from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) pointed out, when we put those resources back to work, back to work in that American economy, we find that it yields what many of our colleagues on the left would like to see more of: tax revenues coming into the government to be able to provide some of the essential services that we all know that we need. But we need to be the country that is creating that fertile soil to be able to grow businesses, to be able to create opportunity for the future, and to be able to deliver on that promise for the American Dream for all of our chil-dren. This is a program and a policy that works on behalf of the American people. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, I have a quick thought experiment for everyone. If I had come to you a year ago and said that the United States would be at 3.8 percent unemployment, you would have laughed at me. If I had come to you and said that African American unemployment would be the lowest in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.119 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5085 June 12, 2018 
modern times, Hispanic unemployment would be tied with some of the lowest numbers in modern times, that you would be seeing data of felons being re-cruited out of prison for work because there is such a labor shortage, and when one of the greatest difficulties we have in our society right now in the labor force is not enough workers and too many jobs, why isn’t there this sound of joy from every American that this was the dream so many of us had of where we would be? So, as we go through our regions, I was going to invite Mr. C
URTIS of Utah to come up and tell us what is hap-pening in that beautiful State because I have actually seen some stories of the Salt Lake area and other parts of Utah just doing amazingly well right now. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. C
URTIS ). Mr. CURTIS. Madam Speaker, I rise today to first of all express my appre-ciation to my colleague from Arizona for his good words and his acknowledg-ment of the economy in Utah. Shortly after I had been elected, one of my very first votes cast in this Chamber was for tax reform. Since being signed into law, the positive im-pact tax reform has had on our econ-omy has been absolutely astonishing. Not only has tax reform proven to be a tremendous success across America, it has proven particularly effective in my home State of Utah. To simply say the U.S. economy is doing well would be a gross understate-ment. As a member of the Small Busi-ness Committee, I believe that small businesses are the lifeblood of the U.S. economy, and, certainly, they are in my district. That is why I have been pleased to see that the small business optimism index has reached its second highest level in the survey’s 45-year history. Consumer confidence is the highest we have seen in decades, and the unem-ployment rate in the United States is currently under 4 percent, and in my home State it is nearly 3 percent. In fact, for the first time since the Bureau of Labor Statistics has been keeping track, the number of available jobs now exceeds the number of unemployed U.S. workers. Not only is the unemployment rate historically low, but 90 percent of American workers also have had higher take-home pay now as a direct result of tax reform. In Utah, we are seeing com-panies of all sizes investing in their employees by giving pay bonuses and raises. A few high-profile examples include the Larry H. Miller Group of Compa-nies, rewarding 10,000 employees with thousands of dollars in pay and bo-nuses. Zions Bank gave pay raises to 40 percent of its employees and thousands in bonuses to nearly 80 percent of its employees, and SkyWest Airlines in-creased bonuses and 401(k) contribu-tions for their employees. These are only a few small examples of the many companies passing on benefits of tax reform to hardworking Utahns. Tax reform is not only helping to put more money in hardworking Utahns’ paychecks, but also lowering utility rates as well. Dominion Energy in Utah and the Division of Public Utilities is passing on $17 million in tax savings to its customers by lowering energy rates. Chris Parker, the division director of Utah Division of Public Utilities said: ‘‘Ever since Federal tax reform legisla-tion was passed, our division has been working closely with the Public Serv-ice Commission and utilities to deter-mine the best method to pass on tax savings to Utah customers. Consumers should begin seeing lower gas bills soon.’’ Madam Speaker, in the past few months, I have held over 50 townhall meetings and met with thousands of Utahns. They consistently express their appreciation for Congress’ pass-ing tax reform. They recognize that this historic effort is producing real re-sults for hardworking Utah families. Simply put, Utahns are keeping more of their hard-earned money and are making more money as a direct result of tax reform, and the U.S. economy, for businesses, large and small, is roar-ing. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, there is actually some really fun and wonderful things we are seeing out there in the data. As we were also talk-ing about the unemployment numbers, what has also been amazing is, if you look at home prices, if you actually look at savings rates, and if you actu-ally look at a lot of the data that we care about as a society, it is important that we actually embrace and under-stand we are in what we would refer to as a Goldilocks economy. b2045 Madam Speaker, if I had come to, like our previous thought experiment a year ago, and said we would be in this sort of world where the inflation num-bers are within the calculation of the Fed targets, where we have more jobs than workers, when we are actually seeing incomes really beginning to rise, when we are actually seeing some first signs of data saying for the first time in decades that income inequality is actually shrinking because there are so many more of our brothers and sis-ters in the labor force with rising in-comes, this would actually be really exciting. I will make the challenge to every Member in Congress: How do we not screw it up? How do we keep that en-gine going forward? Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. L
ESKO ). She has the district right alongside me and she will basically tell the story of what she sees happening on the west side of Maricopa County. Mrs. LESKO. Madam Speaker, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has ignited a fire that the American economy hasn’t seen in decades. The tax cuts and re-forms passed by Congress have made a real impact on the lives of Americans across the country and to the people in Arizona’s Eighth Congressional Dis-trict. The tax cuts have allowed small busi-ness owners like Mike and Colleen Sut-ter to reinvest in their employees. They have owned a small business for the last 27 years in El Mirage in my district. Due to the tax cuts package, Mike and Colleen were able to give across-the-board pay increases and bo-nuses to their employees, including a $3 an hour increase for hourly workers. This historic tax reform legislation has also had a huge impact on those living on fixed incomes. Arizona Public Service Electric Company cut its power rates by $119 million because of the tax cuts. These lower costs help seniors all over America and in my dis-trict. With a simpler and fairer Tax Code, businesses are finally able to hire again, more than 1 million new jobs have been created, and there are more jobs available than there are unem-ployed Americans. Our Nation is in business again. Americans are seeing more money in their paychecks, a reduced tax burden, and a roaring economy. The tax cuts have meant real dollars going back into the pockets of small businesses and families. I thank my colleague from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) for his commitment to commonsense tax reform. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, I thank Representative L
ESKO . I am so used to calling her D
EBBIE , having known each other for so long. What is also amusing here is, the next person I’m going to introduce, I have actually known most of my life, which is sort of terrifying. The three of us are from Arizona. I think we actu-ally have a wonderful story to talk about what is happening in the South-west, but particularly our State. The fact of the matter is, with the tax reform, some of the regulatory changes, some of the wonderful things in the economy, Arizona is blessed. Right now, our State is doing very well. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS) to tell us a bit about what is happening in the Southeast Valley. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, let me tell you, Maricopa County is the fast-est growing county in the country; again, by a long shot. That is reflected because of the economy that is going on there. In the town that I live in, the town of Gilbert, they just announced 2,500 new jobs coming in with Deloitte. That is fantastic. When I moved to Gilbert many years ago, there were 12,000 peo-ple and cotton fields everywhere. Today, it is 250,000 people and it is just gigantic. The Arizona Free Enterprise Club has measured the reported job growth in Arizona since the tax cuts and tax re-form bill came forward. We have 125,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.120 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5086 June 12, 2018 
workers who have seen increases in sal-aries or bonuses. That totals $215 mil-lion. Remember, that is just the re-ported benefits and bonuses and raises. The direct financial benefit as a result of tax reform for Arizona is over $1 bil-lion. We anticipate a positive impact of over $1 billion in 2018. That is fan-tastic. In my district, the average fam-ily of four is going to receive tax relief in excess of $2,635. That is the projec-tion. I can talk about the many events that we go to, the people we talk to. I was at an event recently. I was getting ready to leave and a gentleman came up to me and said: Are you Congress-man B
IGGS? I said: Yes, I am. He said: Thank you. I said: Why is that? He said: The tax reform. I am a bar-tender. I will keep $5,000 more this year. I will have a net impact of a posi-tive $5,000. I said: Well, do you care if I tell your story? He said: Yes, tell my story. We want to see this happen again and again. So I have a whole list I brought tonight. I can list Philip from Mesa who said that his wife’s take-home pay has affected their household for the better. This is something they wanted specifically to mention. They don’t consider the extra income to be ‘‘crumbs.’’ It is meaningful to people, whether you are living paycheck to paycheck or whatever. This is mean-ingful to them. Matt from Gilbert said that his in-creased tax refund for his business was appreciated and that he and his family will save literally thousands of dollars this year because of the tax cut laws. Rusty is a veteran from Mesa. He told us that the tax plan has done won-ders for him and his small business. He is passing this on to his employees and they will be making more money per month and he has extra revenue in the business because other people generate this economic activity. This ripples through—it isn’t like it is a one-off—it ripples through the en-tire economy. So they have hired a new employee. For a small business, that is a monumental decision: Do we have enough business? Do we have enough revenue to bring in a new employee? They hired someone. The tax cuts helped. So I want to take just a quick second and tell you that I go out when I am in the district to various businesses and small business owners, anywhere from 5, 15, maybe 20, 25 people in their busi-ness. Every one of them that I have met with in the last year, probably, is looking to expand. They have the prob-lem of finding qualified employees. I have talked to the Governor in Ari-zona. We have literally hundreds of thousands of jobs where people are try-ing to hire folks and we can’t get them in. This is a great thing to have, it is a great problem to have. I think we should be celebrating what is hap-pening around this country. Particu-larly as a life-long Arizonan, I can tell you I am thrilled to see this happening in Arizona. We have bounced back from the 2008 recession. I am so grateful for the effort that the gentleman from Arizona has put in to get this bill through, for his leader-ship. I am grateful to have him for a friend and serve with him in Congress. I thank him for doing this Special Order tonight. This message has got to get out to the American people. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, I will have a little bit of a colloquy or a little bit of a conversation with the gentleman. For those of us in Arizona, the gen-tleman has seen the data that came out about 2 weeks ago that turns out that Arizona is actually having what would be the fastest acceleration of in-come growth in the entire Nation. Some of that is because we were hit pretty hard in 2008. A lot of it is be-cause our State legislature, our Gov-ernor, have engaged in very pro-eco-nomic expanded qualities. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman to tell everyone what he did be-fore taking this job. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, I used to be the Senate president in the State of Arizona for 4 years and had an op-portunity to work there. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, the gentleman was there during some of the brutal years of the previous dec-ade. The gentleman may remember the struggles of trying to keep the wheels on of how do you cover healthcare, edu-cation, and so many of the other needs that are in the State. Actually, we have a rough situation. We own so little of our land that I have seen some data where we are the most urbanized State in the country because we functionally live in two major metroplexes. That is where most of our population is. And to have a State now, where we are seeing some revenue fore-casts and every month it looks like they are having to raise that forecast because of the economic vitality in our State and most of the States around the country. So I think there is often this mis-nomer of we talk about Federal tax re-form. And I hold up a chart, it says: Last year at this time, we had $456 bil-lion in revenue and this year we are at this time $510 billion. So a substantial increase. But I think we failed to talk about what is happening in our community, in our city, our county, and our State revenues, which are also benefiting from this cascade of economic expan-sion. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Arizona. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, let’s think about this for a second. When Arizona entered the recession era of 2008, the State tax revenue de-clined by about 40 percent in an 8- month period. Imagine trying to deal with that. What is happening now is the converse. We had to change our at-titude. We had to create the type of business-friendly situation that lured and brought business back and provide those enticements. They are there. So what we have now is this situa-tion localized of a business-friendly Tax Code, a business-friendly regu-latory and then an overall attitude of: We want you to be here. We welcome new businesses. So, for instance, I toured Apple world data center in my district a little over a week ago. It kind of imploded, so there was no one there. What happened is, they now have 200 employees and they will expand. They will have 500 employees in high-paying, good jobs. Every one of those employees they spend money. They buy houses. They go out to eat. They go to movies. This ripples through the economy. And that is just one of the many businesses. Like I said, we have Deloitte coming in, with 2,500. We have got State Farm, I think, in or near the gentleman’s dis-trict. When they are in, they are going to have 8,000 to 10,000 people. I was just at their facility. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, we just finished a visit to the McKesson facility that is on the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Commu-nity, and they are talking about sev-eral hundred additional positions. As we sort of talk about this, we ac-tually had a really neat experience about a month ago. The Arizona cor-rectional system has sort of a pilot program that has been up and running for about a year. So picture this. We are in the Ways and Means room, we are holding a hearing. And sitting on the table before us is the woman who is a friend of ours who is the Central Arizona Home-builders representative and over here is a gentleman with a very large elec-trical contracting company. The per-son sitting in the middle there with tattoos and those sorts of things is, I think, a three-time convicted felon who actually now is making $22 an hour and telling the story of how he had a substance abuse problem and had multiple times fallen back into that lifestyle. This time, he actually said: I am going to give this a try. They set up job training in the prison solely funded by the businesses, be-cause they actually need electricians and carpenters and other things. They did the job training in the prison with a deal that if they finish this program, we will guarantee you a job. It doesn’t mean they guarantee they are going to keep you, because you still have got to show up, you have to demonstrate pro-ductivity. But think about a world where the economy is so vibrant that businesses are actually going and reaching into our prison communities and doing job training and actually offering employ-ment. I guess my heartbreak is I thought there would be this sense of joy around 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.122 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5087 June 12, 2018 
here in Washington that we have actu-ally passed a level that so many econo-mists just a couple of years ago said we could never reach, this level of eco-nomic vitality, where we are actually seeing felons being able to be pulled into society’s workforce. b2100 We see programs like that in our State that are being creative, because we need those carpenters; we need those plumbers; we need those elec-tricians. He started, I guess, at like $13 an hour. Within a year, he was up to $22, because he was productive, and he showed up to work on time. He had one of the greatest quotes of all time. He says: I am working so many hours, I haven’t had a chance to relapse. It turns out maybe there is some-thing to that saying about idle hands. Mr. BIGGS. If you analyze it, that is a twofer, right? We are all concerned about the rehabilitation and reentry of people who have been in prison back into society. This is one way to do it. Give them an opportunity to get that skill and get job-placed. The second thing is—and it speaks specifically to what we are talking about here today—we should be over-joyed in this country to see the eco-nomic vibrancy that is going on, the reshaping, and, if I can say it, the re-newal, the economic renewal, that we have needed. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. I am one of the people who have to actually admit to this, that, often, as Republicans, we sound like accountants on steroids. We are looking at the numbers. We want to do policy by facts and not feelings, because when you do things by feel-ings, you end up, ultimately, hurting people. When you do it by facts, you actually build something that is sus-tainable. This is one of the moments where a lot of the economic theories we have talked about, if you would lighten and go to a more rational regulatory model, if you would design a Tax Code that got rid of these incentives to move your profits overseas and pull your ex-penses into the United States and go to a territorial system where you had the vitality, where capital would flow in, where you actually gave businesses the incentive to actually buy much more efficient capital equipment—because the way you pay people more is we have to get more productive as a soci-ety. Yes, some of the barriers we were worried about were: Will folks get this tax benefit and spend it all? Now we have seen some data, which is different than how CBO modeled it. People are paying off debt and other things, so the capital stock in our country is going up. There are just really good things. Right now, we have a labor shortage, and you can see something amazing. Take a look at things like Social Se-curity Disability. A year ago, it had only like a year before the trust fund was empty. Now we are seeing some things that it may be 5, 7, 8 years now, just substantially because we did change some rules, and we tightened up. We also have so many more people paying in and working, and many of our brothers and sisters in the country making a decision saying: ‘‘I could pur-sue a disability claim, or I could go into the workforce.’’ They are going into the workforce. So there are all these tells out there right now. The gentleman sees it in his community. I am blessed to see it in my community. How do we keep it going? Because, it turns out, the economic vitality is a powerful thing for families, their abil-ity to save for their retirement, for their kids’ education, for being able to pay off, let’s face it, a certain amount of debt that built up over a pretty rough decade, particularly being a State like ours with so many people who are coming to it for opportunity. As the gentleman talks to small busi-nesses, and I talk to small businesses and even big businesses, we have this conversation: How do we keep it going, and how do we keep it going for as long as possible? Those are the policies we are chasing. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, I agree with the gentleman. We want to keep it going. We follow this idea of a busi-ness cycle, but there are ways to smooth out and flatten out that busi-ness cycle. I also agree with what the gentleman said where we start talking about indi-viduals, because too often our nar-rative is just: How do we flatten out the business cycle? That type of thing. I have Allan in Mesa who said: My standard of living has gone up. I have Dottie in Mesa who said that the tax cuts are a good thing, that they see more money in their pockets be-cause of these tax cuts. These are the people and the individ-uals that I see on a regular basis. I know the gentleman sees them. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. This is one of my favorite stories. About 6 weeks ago, maybe 2 months ago, I believe it was Starbucks that gave the bonus, and I am in my favorite Starbucks. As the gentleman knows, I have a coffee prob-lem and openly admit it. If anyone wants to start a 12-step program, we are holding the meetings at a coffee shop. I walk in. I am not someone you typi-cally would be jumping up and down to see, you know, a fairly conservative Republican Congressman. She looks at me and goes: ‘‘Dude, thank you.’’ She had just gotten, I guess, a bonus check from her employer, and she actu-ally understood what it meant mone-tarily to her. It was one of the neatest conversations I had with this young woman as I am ordering my coffee about how excited she was to have the money and what it meant to her to pay off some bills and just how things were going. That is when it starts to click. That is when it is more than just sitting be-hind tables with stacks of binders and spreadsheets and analytical reports and feedback loops of what the tax re-form is going to do and growing the size of the economy, when it gets down to those individual lives. Look, I often walk around with this app. It is from the Atlanta Federal Re-serve. Madam Speaker, if I had come to you even months ago and said: ‘‘The Atlanta Federal Reserve has the cal-culation for this quarter, at this mo-ment, at a 4.6 percent GDP growth,’’ you would have worried about my men-tal health. It turns out, that is actu-ally what the number is. The odds are that it doesn’t stay there, and it is going to go through cy-cles, but that number is stunning. The bias has been, actually, over 4 in the last handful of data points. I know I am back to speaking like an account-ant on steroids, but the fact of the matter is that we have some pretty rough things coming toward us as a so-ciety. We are getting older very fast. We have tremendous unfunded liabil-ities in Medicare. We have issues on Social Security. We will find a way to keep our prom-ises to those folks who have paid into those programs. Turns out, making the math work is a lot easier if you have a society, an economy, that has actually been able to hold economic growth rather than one that has been in the troughs as we were for the previous decade. How do we sort of tell that story to folks who may be on the left or those who are just trying to raise their fami-lies or those of us who our constituents are paying attention? This really is that moment where the rising tide raises boats and opportunity for every-one. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, the gen-tleman is right. That is how you com-municate the story, because the story, Madam Speaker and Representative S
CHWEIKERT , is that we can have a vital economy. It wasn’t too many years ago when we were told 1.8 percent GDP growth would be it. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, I remember when the gentleman first got here, and we were going over those models. They were like 1.8, 1.9, and that was our future. Let’s face it, we have blown that off the rails. Mr. BIGGS. We have blown it off the rails. When people are economically free and they have growth. They feel freer. They feel happier. Why is that? Because the wolf is not always at the door. They have moved beyond kind of that bare subsistence. That is really what I am finding as I go meet with my constituents. I talk to them. I am in a machine shop: What is going on here? Well, we have 18 workers. We think we could bring three more on. I said: Well, what is your problem? We have to find the workers, and we have to train them. We are going to in-vest in them and train them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.124 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5088 June 12, 2018 
That is what people are doing. That is what businesses, small and large, are doing. They are investing in people now. That is what you see when you have a good economy, because they want to bring people in. They need to bring people in. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. In that same vein, it was only a couple of years ago, actually behind these same mikes, that a discussion was had of the sort of con-cept of people being trapped, trapped in their house because they were under-water, trapped in their job because they didn’t have mobility and options. For a State like Arizona, the fact of the matter is that your ability to sell your home and get a job in another State because you are choosing to move to the Southwest is important to our growth. You could actually see that in the migration statistics around the country of how many people, be-cause of the thin employment market, job opportunities, were underwater in their homes. As the job opportunities and our real estate values and the stability of the economy have come back, all of a sud-den, you are seeing people have this thing called choice, options, the ability to move around the country, pursue their dreams, pursue those careers, change jobs. I think, actually, that is what the American Dream is supposed to look like. If you have a dream of living in a certain part of the country or pursuing a certain career, you get to do it. You get to do it because the economy is working. Madam Speaker, as we started to talk early on, if you really do love and care for people, take a look at what is happening to the income and employ-ment statistics of so many groups that have been disaffected in our population for the last decade. They had a really rough decade, and they are coming back, their opportunity, their ability to save for their retirement, their fu-ture, and their kids. There should be a sense of joy. There should be, actually, sort of a uniform discussion between the right and the left of how we keep it going, because it is not only things I fixate on, of being able to have revenues or being able to cover our unfunded liabilities and our entitlements, but also that ability to have a society that is healthier, that actually the income gaps shrink be-cause there is mobility and growth. Populations that so many of the so- called smart people, the economists, had almost written off as the margin-ally employable—which is, if you take a step sideways, it is just really cruel. Those people are finding a way to come back into the economic part of our so-ciety. I know when the gentleman was in the State legislature, he had worked on a job training program, and now we are actually seeing some really interesting data in Arizona where the employers themselves are saying: We are so des-perate for employees, we will do the job training. We will take someone who is not even from our field, and we will train them. It turns out that has been incredibly successful, because you are actually trained not in a job training program over here and then you get trained again for the actual job you have taken, but now you are being trained for that rhythm. I know there has been just tremen-dous employment growth in the south-east valley. I think it is a type of high- tech CNC machine shop that some friends own in the gentleman’s district, and they are talking about even taking in very young people and training them right there on site. Mr. BIGGS. Yes. Madam Speaker and Congressman S
CHWEIKERT , that is what I am talking about. When I go into the machine shops, they are doing very technical, very high-quality machin-ing. They are bringing kids out of high school, and they are training them. They are saying: This is the job you are going to get. These kids are walking out without any university debt. They are also walking into a job that is going to pay them a lot of money and can be a great career, where they can make money and have an adequate career to sustain and support themselves, their family, for a life. This is really one of the beautiful things that happens when you have this choice that the gentleman talked about, this mobility. That happens when you have a strong and solid econ-omy. Madam Speaker, I think the gen-tleman and I would agree: The eco-nomic foundation that allows these types of individuals and families and small businesses and big businesses to grow and provide interesting and cre-ative developments in our society, it starts with us not having a confis-catory tax policy. It also continues by having a regulatory environment that, instead of disincentivizing or having perverse incentives, provides incen-tives for people to expand and be cre-ative in the economy. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, I ask Congressman B
IGGS: Those of us who see these numbers, how do we find a way to humanize that discussion? We want to talk about economic vitality and these things, but there is almost this cruelty of you are going to remain unemployed, you are going to remain underemployed, you are going to re-main undercompensated, you are not educated well enough to come into the mainstream. We have demonstrated in the last several months that that doesn’t have to be the America we live in, that we are seeing individuals who were sub-stantially marginalized in our society finding employment and finding oppor-tunity and finding that economic vital-ity and growth. b2115 We are looking for a way to human-ize the story that, it turns out, a ro-bust economy actually is really good for families, for individuals, for your future, for just the individual psyche. And maybe there is an artist out there of language who can help us find an el-egant way to say this story. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Arizona. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, he did a good job tonight. He talked about his Starbucks experience. He talked about the young man, and I have met him, who is reentering from the prison. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, it is a powerful story. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, these are powerful stories. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, I think he is his constituent. Mr. BIGGS. Madam Speaker, I think he is. He may be, yes. We have talked about 8 to 10 stories, brief stories, that I brought up tonight of individuals, and, if I can humbly suggest, those are the things that, Madam Speaker, Congressman SCHWEIKERT , myself, and every one of our colleagues need to be continually reiterating, because these stories, these aren’t one-off stories. These are going to be a lifetime of stories for these individuals, and we will find many, many more, as I do every time I go out. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Madam Speaker, I know I kept him longer than I prom-ised to, but I never get the chance to talk. Madam Speaker, I have appreciated this block of time. I appreciate your patience with us, particularly talking about Arizona, but it is—you know, we love our State, and we are very, very proud of how far it has come. We are proud of the fact that we are leading much of the Nation in growth—in pop-ulation growth, economic growth, in-come growth—and it is, in many ways, our moral goal around here to keep this vitality up for every American. Whether you live in a red State, blue State, whatever you pursue, you should have the ability and the opportunity to pursue that. We want to make the pow-erful argument that where we have gotten this country to economically right now is pretty darn amazing. Now, can we do even more? Our goal is we are going to even make it better. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
IMMIGRATION SOLUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. C
HE-
NEY). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. A
GUILAR ) for 30 minutes. Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, I don’t have any notes in front of me. I just want to speak a little bit to this body about a topic that has been in the news, even as of this evening, and to just let folks know and to remind folks again about why we are pushing so hard to solve a problem that appears so easy to solve: the issue of the DACA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.126 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5089 June 12, 2018 
population and the importance of com-prehensive immigration reform, but more importantly, of solving this prob-lem for this population of young people who know of no other country but the United States as their home. Now, the public might hear terms like ‘‘queen of the hill’’ and ‘‘discharge petitions,’’ and, Madam Speaker, those terms may mean things to you and me, but for the general public, I just want to crystalize what it is we are fighting for. What we are asking for, a bipar-tisan group of Democrats and Repub-licans, we are asking for an oppor-tunity to vote on immigration meas-ures that would offer a solution to these young people. Now, the measure that I support and that many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle support is one that would offer an earned path to citizen-ship for those individuals who work, go to school, or serve in the military. That doesn’t seem like a stretch for the American public. The American public, over 80 percent, support a solution for these young peo-ple. But in this body, it becomes a lit-tle more difficult; and in this body, sometimes things get in the way. So I don’t know the outcome of spe-cial meetings this evening or outcomes among discussions that colleagues have in the majority, but what I would re-mind folks again at home and my col-leagues is that there are Democrats and Republicans underneath this dome who are working hard every day to try to offer a permanent solution to these young people—not a temporary solu-tion that punts this down for another day, but a permanent solution that would allow these young people to come out of the shadows, to continue to work, continue to teach, continue to live in our neighborhoods without fear. So we don’t have a lot of time left, Madam Speaker, and based on what I know today, I don’t believe that there are any more signatures signing the discharge petition this evening. But I think what my colleagues and I want to underscore is that, to those young people who feel that this institution let them down once again—or maybe they feel that I let them down—that we are going to continue to work, that we are going to continue to offer our ideas and solutions, that we are going to con-tinue to offer a path to citizenship for those who belong here, who were raised here, who know the United States as their home. That is our responsibility. It is what the Constitution allows us to debate and discuss. It is unfortunate that, on the other side of Capitol Hill, the Senate had this debate and had this discussion and voted on four bills, some authored by just Republicans, some authored by a bipartisan group. They had an oppor-tunity to debate and discuss what should transpire. We haven’t had that opportunity. Madam Speaker, I know it might not surprise you to know that the last time immigration was discussed on this House floor was in 2010, and it was when the DREAM Act passed, in a bi-partisan way, in a lameduck session in December. So the stakes are incredibly high, and what I would tell folks is that that just shows this isn’t easy. The last time immigration was dis-cussed was 8 years ago on this floor. Since then, folks have felt that burying their head in the sand was a solution enough or just offering a partisan bill was a solution enough. That is why we decided to engage in discussion and debate and to try to force this Chamber to have a bipartisan discussion and to try to force this Chamber to vote on three or four bills, some a little more conservative, some a little bit more left of center, right of center, but to have an opportunity to vote for one or multiple bills. It is just unfortunate, Madam Speaker, that there isn’t enough political will, that there isn’t enough strength in this Chamber among the Members to have that conversation. Now, we could be dejected. We could be upset, and I know folks in our com-munities will be, but we are going to continue to work. We are going to con-tinue to find a solution. We are going to continue to work in a bipartisan way, as we have done for the past 9 months since the President ended the DACA program. I feel that we owe it to our communities, we owe it to our con-stituents, we owe it to each other as colleagues to allow this place to do what it should do: debate and discuss bills. I don’t have much more to offer, Madam Speaker, but, I hope that folks at home understand how important this is and that there are some of us who are going to continue to engage in this discussion. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Madam Speaker, I thank my incredible colleague from Cali-fornia, Congressman A
GUILAR . This is a really personal issue to so many Mem-bers not only in this Chamber, but in our neighboring Chamber, the U.S. Senate: the notion that, after more than 6 months of bipartisan, bicameral efforts, this body cannot hold an effort to have just a debate in an environ-ment where we clearly have the will of the entire body focused on the will of our constituents in this Nation to find a permanent solution for Dreamers, who, as my colleague so artfully stat-ed, have no other country than this one as their own and the fact that that ef-fort will not be undertaken because the leadership of this House refuses to do its job by allowing us the opportunity to debate bills and to share ideas and to move forward on pieces of legisla-tion that truly make a difference in the lives of our constituents and the lives of Americans in every single com-munity. It is days like this I really appreciate that I have colleagues who keep their hope and their faith, and they have got my commitment to do the same. But the nicest thing I can say is that it is really unfortunate that we find ourselves here at nearly 9:30 p.m. be-cause we don’t have the courage of Members to stay the course and do what is right, particularly now in an environment where instead of moving forward on the issues where more of us agree than not, in fact, we are seeing even more draconian, anti-American, probably, unconstitutional efforts at preventing asylum and refuge to others around the world, which is our con-stitutional basis in this country. And this was an opportunity to not only begin to deal with these issues, but to do what is right for these young people. For those folks who are watching us tonight in this situation, I want to highlight who they are again. In New Mexico, and, in fact, in my district, which is Albuquerque, New Mexico, the teacher of the year is a Dreamer. In a country where 20,000 edu-cators are Dreamers, in a State where 5,000 young men and women are doc-tors, engineers, lawyers, educators, nurses, entrepreneurs, long-term care caregivers, providing the very sup-portive work for which this country has a serious shortage, because they are so committed to their communities and their families that they are taking on the challenges that too many of us are unwilling to do, yet this body, this Chamber refusing to allow the major-ity to take an action that would pro-vide those young people with a pro-tected, positive, productive future, the same thing that they have done for our communities, all of our communities, I find incredibly disheartening tonight. But I, too, want to add my voice that I will continue to fight and work to find whatever pathways for a solution make the most sense in a body that makes no sense, particularly now. I thank my colleague and my Repub-lican colleagues who had the courage to work to force the debate when lead-ership refused to provide that avenue, who had the courage to force the de-bate when leadership did not hold their commitments to meet with members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, in-cluding myself, who failed to hold meetings so that we could work on ideas and strategies before getting to this point, who failed to provide any meaningful legislative idea, effort, text, any legislative solutions or strat-egy. I want to thank Members like my colleague from California, and, actu-ally, I assume that my colleague from California will yield to our colleague from Texas. There are so many Members of this body who worked so incredibly hard to do, finally, the work that we were elected to do. I certainly want to give them my gratitude and my commit-ment that I will continue to do every-thing in my power to force this Cham-ber to do the job that we were all elect-ed to do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.129 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5090 June 12, 2018 
b2130 Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her com-ments and her time. There are few peo-ple in this Chamber who have dug in deeper than the gentlewoman from New Mexico, Chairwoman M
ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM , who actually, when the story of this discussion is told at some point in the future, it was her ef-forts that really highlighted and start-ed to push us in a bipartisan way when we had conversations among Demo-crats and Republicans. And one of those early individuals who stood up and said, I am willing to have a real conversation with you if this can genu-inely be a bipartisan effort, was the gentleman from Texas, who I have learned a lot from and gained a lot of respect for throughout this process. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). Mr. HURD. Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Cali-fornia for yielding to me and for the work that we have been able to do to-gether. In my 3
1⁄2short years in Washington, D.C., I have learned a very simple thing: if you want to get big things done, you have to actually do it to-gether. And the only way that this body gets things done is if we work across the aisle to get things done. I have learned that way more unites us as a country than divides us, and that it is actually possible to disagree with-out being disagreeable. This is some-thing that I have learned firsthand with the distinguished gentleman from California and the distinguished gen-tlewoman from New Mexico. I would say that, through this proc-ess, learning more about these young men and women, who have only known the United States of America as their home, over a million men and women who are in school, who are working hard, 5 percent of the DACA population are entrepreneurs, which is more than twice the national average, these are men and women—in Texas alone, the DACA population has a $7 billion im-pact on the State’s GDP. That is pretty big. These are young men and women that are already contributing to our history, our culture, our economy, and they are already Americans. We are going to continue to work in a bipartisan way to solve the problem of DACA, and also solve the problem of border security. I have more border than any Member of Congress—820 miles. It is 2018 and we still don’t have operational control of our border. But we are not going to solve this problem with a 30-foot high concrete structure that takes 4 hours to penetrate. We are going to solve it by using technology. The technology exists today to deter-mine the difference between a bunny rabbit and a person and be able to de-ploy a drone to track and actually se-cure our communities. We are already seeing that happen, if you haven’t read a Wired article from this week talking about some entrepreneurs from the gentleman’s great State that are work-ing on solving this problem. I will close with this. If we are going to get anything done to solve real big problems in this country, we have to do it in a bipartisan fashion. I am proud to stand with a number of Republicans and Democrats, and I am proud to have to be one of the sponsors of the only bi-partisan piece of legislation in solving border security and committing to solve the problem: a permanent legisla-tive fix for the young men and women that are DACA recipients. We are going to continue to do this, we are going to continue to work hard, and we are going to continue to do it in a bipartisan fashion. As always, I am looking forward to spending more time with my friends from New Mexico and California. Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas, not only for calling our attention to the Wired article, but also for his com-ments about solving this problem in a bipartisan way. He has been a true friend throughout this process, and I think we have all learned a lot from each other. One of the things that he highlighted on as well was: How do you—how do we—I will speak personally, how do I have a conversation about border secu-rity? My district doesn’t touch the border. I can have conversations with individ-uals. I can go and do my due diligence and talk to Border Patrol, stake-holders, and advocates in the commu-nity. But it is going to take having conversations with those Members who represent the border, those Members in Arizona, New Mexico, California, and my colleague in Texas, who has the most mileage of any Member in Con-gress along the southern border. We are going to continue to have these conversations because that is the only way we learn, that is the only way we grow, and that is the only way we can chart a course forward, is to do it in a bipartisan way. Madam Speaker, I appreciate the op-portunity to address this body, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on ac-count of flight delay. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 7, 2018, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 3249. To authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, further reported that on June 11, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: H.R. 2772. To amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements relating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees. H.R. 1397. To authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and for other purposes. H.R. 1719. To authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, for in-clusion in the John Muir National Historic Site, and for other purposes. H.R. 1900. To designate the Veterans Me-morial and Museum in Columbus, Ohio, as the National Veterans Memorial and Mu-seum, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. AGUILAR. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 13, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5113. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter authorizing eight officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5114. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General John B. Cooper, United States Air Force, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5115. A letter from the Chairwoman, De-partment of Defense and Department of En-ergy Nuclear Weapons Council, transmitting a letter stating that the FY 2019 President’s Budget Request for the Department of Ener-gy’s National Nuclear Security Administra-tion provides increases of 2.9 percent for NNSA and 3.5 percent for nuclear weapons activities above the FY 2018 enacted appro-priation, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 179(f)(1); Pub-lic Law 99-661, Sec. 3137(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 112-239, Sec. 1039); (126 Stat. 1927); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5116. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a revised re-port entitled, ‘‘Evaluation of the Graduate Nurse Education Demonstration Project: Re-port to Congress’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395ww note; Public Law 111-148, Sec. 5509(c); (124 Stat. 675); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5117. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Douglas, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K12JN7.131 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5091 June 12, 2018 
Arizona; Second 10-Year Sulfur Dioxide Maintenance Plan [EPA-R09-OAR-2017-0537; FRL-9979-18-Region 9] received June 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5118. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Regional Haze Plan and Prong 4 (Visibility) for the 2006 and 2012 PM2.5, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2008 Ozone NAAQS [EPA-R05-OAR- 2016-0759; FRL-9977-69-Region 5] received June 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5119. A letter from the Director, Regulator Management Division, Environmental Pro-tection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Acequinocyl; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0376; FRL-9978-20] received June 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5120. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, transmitting Transmittal No. 02-18, pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 62(a) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5121. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting an update to the U.S. Govern-ment Diplomatic and Assistance Strategy for South Sudan, pursuant to Public Law 115- 141, Sec. 7042(h)(1); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 5122. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Semiannual Report to Congress, cov-ering the six-month period ending March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5123. A letter from the Deputy White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmit-ting a notification of an action on nomina-tion, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5124. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report to Congress for the period ending March 31, 2018, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95-452), as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5125. A letter from the Chairman of the Board, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion, transmitting the Corporation’s Semi-annual Report to the Congress by Office of Inspector General and the Corporation’s Management Response for the period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amend-ed; to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. 5126. A letter from the Acting Chair, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report to Congress, for the period ending March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 5127. A letter from the Reg. Dev. Coordi-nator, Office of Regulation Policy and Man-agement, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting the Department’s interim final rule — Case Management Services Grant Program (RIN: 2900-AQ15) received June 6, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 5128. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major interim final rule — Reim-bursement for Emergency Treatment (RIN: 2900-AQ08) received June 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 5129. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2018 Marginal Production Rates [No-tice 2018-51] received June 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5130. A letter from the Chairman, Inter-national Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s report, Trade Authorities Extension: Economic Impact of Trade Agree-ments Implemented under the Bipartisan Trade Act of 2015, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 4202(c)(3)(B); Public Law 114-26, Sec. 103; (129 Stat. 333); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5131. A letter from the Board of Trustees, Federal Hospital Insurance and Federal Sup-plementary Medical Insurance Trust Funds, transmitting the 2018 Annual Report of the Boards of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance and Federal Supplementary Med-ical Insurance Trust Funds, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395i(b)(2); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1817(b)(2) (as amended by Pub. L. 108-173, Sec. 801(d)(1)); (117 Stat. 2359) and 42 U.S.C. 1395t(b)(2); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XVIII, Sec. 1841(b)(2) (as amended by Pub. L. 108-173, Sec. 801(d)(2)); (117 Stat. 2166) (H. Doc. No. 115—132); to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed. 5132. A letter from the Board of Trustees, Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and Federal Disability Insurance Trust Funds, transmitting the 2018 Annual Report of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance and the Federal Dis-ability Insurance Trust Funds, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 401(c)(2); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title II, Sec. 201 (as amended by Public Law 100- 647, Sec. 8005(a)); (102 Stat. 3781) (H. Doc. No. 115—133); to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed. 5133. A letter from the Chief, Border Secu-rity Regulations Branch, U.S Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s Major interim final rule — Air Cargo Ad-vance Screening (ACAS) (RIN: 1651-AB04) re-ceived June 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Homeland Security. 5134. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting additional legislative proposals that the Department of Defense requests be enacted during the second session of the 115th Congress; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Veterans’ Affairs. 5135. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Center for Medicare and Medicaid In-novation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Medicare Program; Changes to the Comprehensive Care for Joint Replace-ment Payment Model (CJR): Extreme and Uncontrollable Circumstances Policy for the CJR Model [CMS-5524-F2] (RIN: 0938-AT16) received June 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5797. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid services for certain individuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental diseases; with an amendment (Rept. 115–723). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5795. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder pa-tient records; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 724). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5801. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for requirements under the Medicaid program relating to the use of qualified prescription drug monitoring programs and prescribing certain controlled substances; with an amendment (Rept. 115–725). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5808. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to operate drug management pro-grams for at-risk beneficiaries, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–726). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5810. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for an extension of the enhanced FMAP for cer-tain Medicaid health homes for individuals with substance use disorders; with amend-ments (Rept. 115–727). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5799. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require as a condition of receipt of full Federal medical assistance percentage under Medicaid that State Medicaid plans have in place certain drug utilization review activities; with amendments (Rept. 115–728). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5796. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants for eligible entities to provide technical assistance to outlier prescribers of opioids (Rept. 115–729, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5789. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicaid coverage protections for pregnant and post-partum women while receiving in-patient treatment for a substance use dis-order, and for other purposes; with amend-ments (Rept. 115–730). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5477. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for a demonstration project to increase sub-stance use provider capacity under the med-icaid program; with an amendment (Rept. 115–731). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4998. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to ensure health insurance coverage continuity for former foster youth; with an amendment (Rept. 115–732). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:06 Sep 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H12JN8.REC H12JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5092 June 12, 2018 
Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4005. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for medical assistance under Medicaid for in-mates during the 30-day period preceding re-lease from a public institution; with amend-ments (Rept. 115–733). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3192. A bill to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to ensure ac-cess to mental health services for children under the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–734). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP (UT): Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 224. A bill to amend the Ma-rine mammal Protection Act of 1972 to allow importation of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada before the date the polar bear was determined to be a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–735). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP (UT): Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 221. A bill to reauthorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–736). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5715. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for certain program integrity transparency measures under Medicare parts C and D; with an amendment (Rept. 115–737, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1925. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to protect at- risk youth against termination of Medicaid eligibility while an inmate of a public insti-tution; with an amendment (Rept.115–738). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5798. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require a review of current opioid prescriptions for chronic pain and screening for opioid use dis-order to be included in the Welcome to Medi-care initial preventive physical examination (Rept. 115–739, Pt. 1). Referred Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5716. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide notifications under the Medicare program to outlier prescribers of opioids, (Rept. 115–740 Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5686. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require prescription drug plans under Medicare pro-gram part D to include information on the adverse effects of opioid overutilization and of coverage of nonpharmacological therapies and nonopioids medications or devices used to treat pain (Rept. 115–741 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5684. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand eligibility for medication therapy manage-ment programs established under part D of the Medicare program to include certain in-dividuals who are at risk for prescription drug abuse (Rept. 115–742 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5675. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare programs to establish drug man-agement programs for at-risk beneficiaries; with an amendment (Rept. 115–743 Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5605. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an opipid use disorder treatment dem-onstration program; with an amendment (Rept. 115–744 Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5603. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide the Secretary of Health and Human Services authority to waive certain Medicare tele-health requirements in the case of certain treatment of an opioid use disorder or co-oc-curring mental health disorder; with amend-ments (Rept. 115–745 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5590. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide for an action plan on recommenda-tions for changes under Medicare and Med-icaid to prevent opioids addictions and en-hance access to medication-assisted treat-ment, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–746, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 4841. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for electronic prior authorization under Medicare part D for covered part D drugs, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–747 Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3528. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require e-prescribing for coverage under part D of the Medicare program of prescription drugs that are controlled substances; with an amendment (Rept. 115–748 Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 5294. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to ad-dress the impact of drug abuse on economic development in Appalachia, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–749). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. DIAZ-BALART: Committee on Appro-priations. H.R. 6072. A bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–750). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 934. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2851) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be reg-ulated, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5735) to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to es-tablish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 housing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals re-covering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, and for other pur-poses; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5788) to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 751). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5788 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 3528 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 4841 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5590 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the The Committee on Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5603 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5605 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5675 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5684 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5686 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5716 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5796 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5798 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Sep 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\H12JN8.REC H12JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5093 June 12, 2018 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. B
URGESS , and Ms. M OORE ): H.R. 6067. A bill to establish criminal pen-alties and civil remedies for doping fraud violations at major international competi-tions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself and Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ): H.R. 6068. A bill to update dollar amount thresholds for certain currency transaction reports and suspicious activity reports, to improve the sharing of suspicious activity reports within a financial group, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. VARGAS (for himself and Mr. R
OTHFUS ): H.R. 6069. A bill to require the Comptroller General of the United States to carry out a study on how virtual currencies and online marketplaces are used to buy, sell, or facili-tate the financing of goods or services asso-ciated with sex trafficking or drug traf-ficking, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): H.R. 6070. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit former Members of Congress from engaging in lobbying con-tacts; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MATSUI: H.R. 6071. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to clarify the intent of the 340B program and provide for enhanced 340B program integrity, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6073. A bill to amend the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 to provide require-ments on the use of assistance for broadband deployment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut (for her-self, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 6074. A bill to combat the heroin epi-demic and drug sample backlogs; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Ms. M
OORE , and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 6075. A bill to ensure greater account-ability by licensed firearms dealers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. R
USSELL , Mr. R OSS, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C
UMMINGS , and Mr. L YNCH ): H.R. 6076. A bill to restore the financial solvency and improve the governance of the United States Postal Service in order to en-sure the efficient and affordable nationwide delivery of mail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. REED: H.R. 6077. A bill recognizing the National Comedy Center in Jamestown, New York; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. VELA: H.R. 6078. A bill to provide for the bound-ary of the Palo Alto Battlefield National Historic Park to be adjusted, to authorize the donation of land to the United States for addition to that historic park, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. PETER -
SON, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. M AR-
SHALL , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor-ida, Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. H
ARRIS , Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. C
URTIS , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. B ANKS of In-diana, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. C OMER , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. P
ALAZZO , and Mr. D AVIDSON ): H.R. 6079. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to modify provisions relating to hours of service requirements with respect to transportation of certain live animals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Ms. B
ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K HANNA , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T
ED LIEU of California, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): H. Res. 933. A resolution to acknowledge that the War on Drugs has been a failed pol-icy in achieving the goal of reducing drug use, and for the House of Representatives to apologize to the individuals and commu-nities that were victimized by this policy; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. NORTON (for herself, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. H
OYER , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B EYER , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , and Mr. C UMMINGS ): H. Res. 935. A resolution congratulating the Washington Capitals for winning the 2018 Stanley Cup hockey championship; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
210. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Hawaii, relative to House Resolution No. 187, H.D. 1, urging the President of the United States, and the United States Con-gress to mitigate the disproportionate ad-verse effects of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 on Hawaii citizens by increasing federal support of Hawaii housing initiatives; to the Committee on Financial Services. 211. Also, a memorial of the General As-sembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 113, urging the enactment of the federal ‘‘Maternal Health Accountability Act of 2017’’; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 212. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Alabama, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 23, requesting the Con-gress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 213. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of New Jersey, relative to Senate Res-olution 17, urging Congress to enact legisla-tion codifying the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals (DACA) program; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6067. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. PEARCE: H.R. 6068. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power...  T o  regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. VARGAS: H.R. 6069. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (1) To regulate commerce with foreign na-tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution; (2) To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures, as enu-merated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 5 of the U.S. Constitution; and (3) To make all laws necessary and proper for executing powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 6070. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. MATSUI: H.R. 6071. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L12JN7.100 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5094 June 12, 2018 
By Mr. DIAZ-BALART H.R. 6072 The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law....’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States....’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6073. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 6074. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 6075. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 6076. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 (to establish post of-fices and post roads). By Mr. REED: H.R. 6077. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Commerce Clause of the United States Constitution By Mr. VELA: H.R. 6078. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section I, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution, in that the legislation con-cerns the exercise of legislative powers gen-erally granted to Congress, including the ex-ercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution in that the legislation exercises legislative powers granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof;’’ and f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 113: Mr. M AST. H.R. 140: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 173: Mr. V
ELAand Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 183: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 203: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 237: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 365: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 449: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 502: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 564: Mr. DUNN. H.R. 785: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 911: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 936: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 942: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1038: Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 1090: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1102: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1134: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1150: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 1171: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 1206: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 1223: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1276: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1298: Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. A
DAMS , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 1300: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1318: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1379: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1421: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. P
AYNE , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 1444: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1562: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Ms. W ILSON  of Florida. H.R. 1617: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1651: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 1663: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 1676: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 1683: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1734: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. F
ASO, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1838: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 1872: Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1876: Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. M
AST, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. B ROOKS  of Alabama, Mr. P
AULSEN , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. F OR-
TENBERRY . H.R. 1905: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2043: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 2092: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 2095: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 2234: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 2392: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 2418: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 2572: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2587: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 2648: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas. H.R. 2651: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 2652: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 2709: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2841: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 2913: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2946: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2976: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 3032: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3091: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. R USH, and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 3148: Mr. S
IRES, Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 3207: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 3238: Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 3303: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 3400: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 3409: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. D UNN. H.R. 3482: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 3645: Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 3976: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 3994: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 4005: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 4101: Mr. M
ARINO . H.R. 4164: Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 4186: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 4207: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4229: Mr. E
STES of Kansas and Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 4256: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. T HOMPSON  of California. H.R. 4275: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 4395: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 4444: Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 4473: Mr. N
ORMAN and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 4506: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4518: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4525: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 4548: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
LEAVER , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 4610: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4684: Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 4693: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 4719: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4795: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 4884: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 4940: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. P AS-
CRELL . H.R. 4953: Mr. B
UCSHON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H
UDSON , and Ms. B ORDALLO . H.R. 4985: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 4998: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 5002: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. K
ILMER , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 5004: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 5009: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5034: Mr. P
ETERSON and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 5037: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 5038: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 5041: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 5058: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5061: Mr. J
ONES and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5102: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5105: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 5124: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 5141: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 5153: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 5160: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 5176: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. H
ILL, and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5197: Mr. H
ILL, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5199: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 5202: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 5223: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 5226: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 5228: Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. B
OST, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , and Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 5244: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 5248: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 5261: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 5294: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5327: Mr. K
ILMER and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H.R. 5358: Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. N ORMAN , Mrs. L
ESKO , and Mr. G OODLATTE . H.R. 5384: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 5385: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 5397: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5414: Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 5417: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5459: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 5467: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 5473: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5474: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 5476: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 5524: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 5551: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 5571: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 5587: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 5588: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. H OYER , Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 5595: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. C
OLE, and Mr. L UCAS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.054 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5095 June 12, 2018 
H.R. 5603: Mr. M ITCHELL and Mr. B OST. H.R. 5653: Mr. R
OKITA and Mrs. L ESKO . H.R. 5665: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 5671: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. H ECK, Mr. K
HANNA , and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 5689: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 5697: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 5752: Mr. B
OST, Mr. M ITCHELL , and Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 5760: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER. H.R. 5795: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. K IND, Ms. J ENKINS  of Kansas, Mr. D
UNN, and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 5797: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 5812: Mr. C
ONNOLLY and Mr. J ENKINS  of West Virginia. H.R. 5823: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 5861: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. D UNN, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. G IANFORTE , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 5879: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. S HU-
STER , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M
ESSER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C ORREA , Mrs. B
LACK , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L IPINSKI , Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. H
ECK, and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. H.R. 5890: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5896: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 5904: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5908: Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 5912: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5913: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 5928: Mr. C
APUANO and Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California. H.R. 5950: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. C ORREA , and Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5964: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5965: Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 5988: Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. H UIZENGA , and Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 5990: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5996: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 6018: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 6032: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. D UNCAN  of South Carolina, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 6033: Ms. M
ENGand Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 6043: Mr. R
OHRABACHER and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 6048: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 6059: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.J. Res. 129: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.J. Res. 134: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Flor- ida. H. Con. Res. 20: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H. Con. Res. 72: Mr. R
OHRABACHER and Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res. 28: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H. Res. 189: Ms. B
ASS. H. Res. 220: Mr. C
ALVERT . H. Res. 274: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD and Mr. B
UCHANAN . H. Res. 776: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. L
YNCH , and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H. Res. 825: Mr. P
ANETTA . H. Res. 860: Mr. S
OTO. H. Res. 869: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. K
HANNA . H. Res. 926: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. H
ILL. H. Res. 927: Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. H
ECK, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. G OMEZ , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. M
CEACHIN , and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H. Res. 929: Mr. S
ABLAN , Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: OFFERED BYMR. HENSARLING  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Financial Services in H.R. 5735 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentatives G
ROFFITH , or a designee, to H.R. 2851. the Stop Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
108. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Legislature of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution 28, expressing the firm and un-equivocal repudiation and opposition of the Legislative Assembly of Puerto Rico to HR 4202 of the United States House of Represent-atives that proposes the application of the ‘‘Animal Welfare Act’’ to United States ter-ritories and, consequently, prohibits cockfights in Puerto Rico; to the Committee on Agriculture. 109. Also, a petition of Commonwealth of Massachusetts Office of the Attorney Gen-eral, relative to expressing opposition to the entirety of H.R. 5082, the Practice of Law Technical Clarification Act of 2018; to the Committee on Financial Services. 110. Also, a petition of the Senate of the State of Illinois, relative to Senate Resolu-tion No. 1088, urging Congress to enact tax incentives that would encourage rail carriers to utilize natural gas powered locomotives and grow LNG infrastructure; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN7.059 H12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3729 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 2018 No. 97 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:03 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable M
ITCH M
CCONNELL , a Senator from the Com-monwealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Holy One, Uncreated Creator, Light of Light, we praise Your Holy Name. Lord, You are the joy and strength of our lives. You can remove all pain, misery, and strife. Be for our lawmakers a source of truth. May they view pressing issues in the light of Your precepts, embracing Your wisdom and power. Give them a passion for compassion and joy, as they remember Your desire that they live abundantly. Continue to shine in all of our hearts, so that neither the shadow of doubt nor the shadow of death can blind us to the light of Your great love. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 12, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable MITCH MCCONNELL , a Senator from the Commonwealth of Ken-tucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader is recognized. 
f 
TRUMP-KIM SUMMIT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, just a few hours ago, President Trump, Secretary of State Pompeo, National Security Advisor Bolton, and the rest of the American delegation concluded their summit meeting with North Ko-rean officials. This was a historic first step in an important negotiation. In the words of the joint statement agreed to by the United States and North Korea, both sides have committed to pursuing a lasting and robust peace regime and complete—complete—denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. The next steps in the negotiation will test whether we can get to a verifiable deal that enhances the security of Northeast Asia, our allies, and, of course, the United States. Resolving this 61-year-old inter-national challenge will take a great deal of hard work. As President Trump explained a few hours ago, ‘‘Today is the beginning of the arduous process. Our eyes are wide open.’’ I support the goals contained in the joint statement, and I remain sup-portive of the administration’s stated position as Secretary Pompeo has reit-erated: The goal of the United States is the ‘‘complete, verifiable, and irrevers-ible denuclearization of the Korean pe-ninsula.’’ If North Korea does not prove willing to follow through, we and our allies must be prepared to restore the policy of maximum pressure. Today, I congratulate the President on this major step and share his hope that it will begin a process that leads to a historic peace. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, on a related matter, history clearly shows us that skillful diplomacy, glob-al peace, and a stronger American mili-tary are in no way opposed to one an-other—quite the opposite. These com-ponents of America’s strength are com-plementary. As President Reagan explained, ‘‘Peace does not exist of its own will. It depends on us, on our courage to build it and guard it and pass it on to future generations.’’ Yesterday afternoon, the Senate took a step toward doing just that by turning to the John S. McCain 2019 National Defense Authorization Act. This legislation builds on the land-mark bipartisan budget agreement Congress and the President reached earlier this year. That deal established the outlines for the largest year-on- year increase in funding for American Armed Forces in 15 years. Now this NDAA will authorize the use of those resources for the priorities that matter most to the men and women who serve our country and to their commanders who plan for the future. The legislation will equip our All- Volunteer Force to meet a variety of challenges abroad, but its impact will also be felt right here at home, where servicemembers will receive more top- notch training and expanded support services for themselves and for their families. The 2019 NDAA includes a pay raise for all Active-Duty personnel—the largest such increase in nearly a dec-ade. It directs billions in new funding to the construction of new family hous-ing and on-base support infrastructure. It expands resources for child and health services as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.000 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3730 June 12, 2018 
I know each of my colleagues can tes-tify to the important roles military in-stallations play in communities all across our country. My fellow Ken-tuckians and I take great pride in Fort Campbell, Fort Knox, and the Blue Grass Army Depot. We are proud that Kentucky is home base to many out-standing units, such as the 101st Air-borne Division and those of Kentucky’s Air and Army National Guard units. In our State, as in every State, the military’s presence anchors entire communities and offers a constant re-minder of the sacrifices that keep us safe. It is our responsibility to support them. I look forward to delivering that support when the Senate votes on the NDAA later this week. 
f 
WISHING LARRY KUDLOW A SPEEDY RECOVERY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Madam President, on another matter, I want to share the Senate’s warmest wishes for a speedy recovery for Larry Kudlow, the Director of the National Economic Council and Assistant to the President, who is currently recovering at Walter Reed from what we are told was a small heart attack. Larry is not just a famously happy warrior for pro- growth, pro-opportunity economics; he is also widely regarded as really one of the best guys in Washington. We hope he gets well soon. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Madam President, speaking of the economy, by now it is no secret that under the last administration, our Nation’s economic recovery was slow, stunted, and almost exclusively focused on the largest urban centers. Between 2010 and 2016, that is where more than 90 percent of the population growth happened; it is where nearly three-quarters of new jobs went. Most everywhere else—in our smaller cities, small towns, and rural areas—families heard a lot of talk about what my Democratic col-leagues called an ‘‘economic recovery,’’ but they saw few or none of the effects in these small towns and small commu-nities. So it is no surprise that after seeing their communities suffer under 8 years of Democrats’ policies, millions of Americans are ready to take a dif-ferent route. That is why they elected a Republican President and Republican majorities here in Congress. And we set about implementing our agenda to take money and power out of Wash-ington and put it back in the hands of middle-class families and small busi-nesses all across our country. But even as the positive effects of these policies have become more and more obvious, they continue to encoun-ter near-complete party-line opposition at every turn. I recall that just 2 or 3 days after President Trump signed our historic tax reform into law, several of my colleagues across the aisle were of-fering some dramatic predictions. On Christmas Eve last year, the sen-ior Senator from Montana took to the Bozeman Daily Chronicle with a piece titled ‘‘Tax bill a disastrous plan, fails Montana and our future.’’ Quite a pro-nouncement. It reminded me of the Democratic leader of the House. She said our plan to give tax cuts to mid-dle-class families and businesses would bring about ‘‘Armageddon.’’ Armaged-don. How are these prognostications hold-ing up? The new Tax Code is causing Northwestern Energy to pass along millions of dollars in savings to Mon-tana utility customers. My friend Sen-ator DAINES recently shared what tax reform already means to Montana small business owners. In Chester, at Stricks Ag, it means bonuses of nearly $1,000 for each employee. In Missoula, at Big Sky Brewing, it means worker bonuses and money to purchase new equipment. The same goes for Cabinet Mountain Brewing in Libby. Over in Thompson Falls, tax reform gave Thompson River Lumber the breathing room to buy their first new forklift in 19 years. These are the workers and job cre-ators whom Senator D
AINES bet on when he voted for tax reform and helped make all of this possible. He voted for Montanans to send less to the IRS and keep more of their own hard- earned money to save or invest as they see fit. It is too bad their senior Sen-ator took the opposite approach and tried to block these tax cuts from hap-pening, let alone that Democratic lead-ers in both Chambers now say they will repeal tax reform if they get the chance. But Republicans will keep picking up the slack and will keep standing up for the American people. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 5515, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Inhofe/McCain modified amendment No. 2282, in the nature of a substitute. McConnell (for Toomey) amendment No. 2700 (to amendment No. 2282), to require con-gressional review of certain regulations issued by the Committee on Foreign Invest-ment in the United States. Reed/Warren amendment No. 2756 (to amendment No. 2700), to require the author-ization of appropriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons. Lee amendment No. 2366 (to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2282), to clarify that an authorization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority does not authorize the de-tention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States. Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
CONGRATULATING MITCH MCCONNELL AS THE  
LONGEST SERVING SENATE REPUBLICAN LEADER  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, before I begin my remarks, I wish to congratulate our Republican leader on becoming the longest serving Repub-lican leader in the Senate. My friend Leader M
CCONNELL reached that mile-stone today. It is no secret we disagree on a whole lot of issues, both political and philo-sophical, but that doesn’t mean we can’t or don’t work together or that I don’t admire the qualities which help make him the longest serving Repub-lican leader. He understands his caucus and rep-resents them well. He knows how to fight, and he knows how to cooperate. The job is not an easy one so it is a tes-tament to his qualities that he has done it longer than anyone in the his-tory of the Senate. 
TRUMP -KIM SUMMIT  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, on North Korea, in the early hours this morning, President Trump and Chair-man Kim met in Singapore for the first meeting between a sitting U.S. Presi-dent and the leader of North Korea. It was a welcome improvement to see the two of them having a dialogue rather than engaging in name-calling and saber-rattling. Certainly, Americans feel better about talking than name- calling and threats of war, which had characterized the relationship up until now. Though we are all rooting for diplo-macy to succeed, we must be clear- eyed about what a diplomatic success with North Korea looks like. A diplo-matic success would be the complete, verifiable, irreversible denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula—nothing less. Why do we say that? It is not to make any political points, but a nuclear North Korea with ICBMs probably pre-sents a greater danger to the United States and the safety and well-being of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.002 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3731 June 12, 2018 
our country than any other in the world. It is imperative that we actually get action here, not just photo ops. Previous negotiations have sought the same goal, with good reason. In 1994 and 2005, those negotiations yielded agreements that were, in fact, much more rigorous than the initial commu-nique issued by President Trump and Chairman Kim. This communique lists denuclearization as a far-off goal but includes no details about a pathway to achieving it; no details about how the United States might verify that North Korea has disarmed when they repeat-edly lied in the past; no details about stopping the enrichment of plutonium and uranium; no details even about the definition of complete denucleariza-tion, which has been a main point of contention in previous negotiations. Unfortunately, the entire document is short on details. As we have learned, in the wake of the collapse of the 1994 and 2005 agreements, North Korea is liable to backtrack on vague commit-ments as soon as it is in its interest. Chairman Kim, like his father before him, has a history of backing away from agreements. There is a great fear now that Chairman Kim has won a major concession from the United States of a meeting with our President, he may not go any further. Now, as then, we must be wary of this probability. When trust is lacking, it is best not to dive in headfirst and hope for the best but rather to work slowly, transparently, and verifiably to build trust and lock in concessions. It is worrisome—very worrisome—that this joint statement is so imprecise. What the United States has gained is vague and unverifiable at best; what North Korea has gained, however, is tangible and lasting. By granting a meeting with Chairman Kim, President Trump has granted a brutal and repres-sive dictatorship the international le-gitimacy it long craved. The symbols that were broadcast all over the world last night have lasting consequences for the United States, for North Korea, and the entire region. For the United States, it is perma-nent proof that we have legitimized a brutal dictator who has starved his own people. For North Koreans, to have their flags astride those of the United States, it is a clear symbol that they are to be respected and belong among the community of nations, and their sins at home and abroad are be-ginning to be forgiven. If the United States is unable to win concrete, last-ing concessions from North Korea, the meeting alone will be a victory for Kim Jong Un and a defeat for President Trump. Even more troubling, only an hour ago, President Trump agreed to freeze joint military exercises with South Korea—a legal activity—in exchange for the mere hope that North Korea will freeze its illegal nuclear testing regime. Alarmingly, President Trump called our military exercises with South Korea provocations. That is something North Korea would say, not South Korea or the United States. Again, it seems the President has un-dercut our foreign policy by drawing a false equivalency between joint mili-tary exercises with our allies and the nuclear testing of a rogue regime. Ultimately, if this is the result, it will have failed President Trump’s own standard. The President has said that ‘‘if North Korea doesn’t denuclearize, that will not be acceptable.’’ President Trump has not made much progress to-ward that goal yet and has given up substantial leverage already: the lever-age of joint military exercises and the leverage of an audience with the Presi-dent of the United States. Imagine for a moment if a Demo-cratic President had gone to North Korea in similar circumstances and came away with little more than a handshake and a photo op. Imagine if a Democratic President had placed the flag of the United States next to the flag of North Korea and met a dictator on equal terms. The commentators of the rightwing media and, in fact, the entire Republican Party would be shouting grave warnings about the end of American leadership and the belit-tling of our country, about selling out and appeasement. We Democrats do not see it this way. We remain supportive of American dip-lomatic efforts, in general, but are fo-cused on significant, substantive con-cerns with President Trump’s prelimi-nary arrangement with North Korea. We want to see these efforts succeed and ensure that what has just tran-spired was not purely a reality show summit. Here in the Senate, we Democrats be-lieve that means five things. First, North Korea must dismantle or remove every single one of its nuclear, chem-ical, and biological weapons. Second, North Korea must end the production and enrichment of uranium and pluto-nium for military purposes and perma-nently dismantle its nuclear weapons infrastructure. That means test sites, all nuclear weapons research and devel-opment facilities, and enrichment fa-cilities all have to be destroyed. Third, North Korea must continue to suspend all ballistic missile tests. Fourth, North Korea must commit to anytime, anywhere inspections for both its nu-clear and ballistic missile programs, including all nondeclared suspicious sites. If inspectors reveal any viola-tion, we must be permitted to imple-ment snapback sanctions. Lastly, any agreement between the United States and North Korea must be permanent. Let us hope this is not the final chap-ter in diplomacy with Pyongyang. President Trump and his team must take stock in what has happened, what North Korea has achieved, and what we have yet to achieve and pursue again a tougher course. For the sake of our na-tional security, our interests abroad, and the safety of the American people, the United States can settle for no less than the certifiable, permanent denuclearization of North Korea. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Madam President, I come to the floor to make amendment No. 2400 pending, but it is my under-standing that we are almost at an agreement on the hotline. This bill has cleared committee by voice vote and by my colleagues on the Republican side by the hotline. How-ever, my minority counterparts have had months to look at this bill, but it has remained held up on the hotline. The bill passed the House with unani-mous support and has been included in the House’s NDAA bill. I call on my colleagues across the aisle to clear this bill or else I will fight for a vote on it in the NDAA. My legislation, the Presidential Al-lowance Modernization Act, would es-tablish a cap on former Presidents’ monetary allowances, which are cur-rently unlimited and fund resources like office space, staff salaries, cell phone bills, and more. It would then re-duce the allowance, dollar-for-dollar, by each dollar of income a former President earns in excess of $400,000. The national debt is over $20 trillion. We cannot afford to generously sub-sidize the perks of former Presidents to the tune of millions of dollars. The re-ality is that post-Presidential life al-ready provides fruitful opportunities on its own, with former Presidents rak-ing in tens of millions of dollars from book deals, speaking engagements, and more. Again, I call on my colleagues to sup-port this bipartisan bill, which would save taxpayer dollars that could be used for more worthwhile causes, like our military. I also thank the senior Senator from Missouri for cosponsoring this legislation and making it a bipar-tisan bill. I thank the Presiding Officer. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me take this opportunity to thank my col-leagues on the Armed Services Com-mittee for their hard work in pre-senting this bill, but I am going to cast a very strong ‘‘no’’ vote on this legisla-tion. This morning I want to say a few words about why I am voting no, to talk about the number of amendments I have submitted to this bill, and to ex-press my very serious concerns about our Nation’s bloated military budget, particularly in light of the many unmet needs we face as a nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.004 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3732 June 12, 2018 
Also, I must express a very serious objection to the fact that we are deal-ing with a $716 billion piece of legisla-tion that is more than half of the dis-cretionary budget, yet we will in all likelihood not have a process that al-lows for amendments to be debated— $716 billion, at a time when, in Lou-isiana, as I understand it, they are now going to be cutting food stamps for hungry children, when schools throughout this country don’t have enough money for books or for teach-ers’ salaries. We are talking about a $716 billion military budget and this process, as I understand it, will allow for no amendments, despite the fact that virtually every Member of the Senate has concerns about this bill. Over and over again I have heard my Republican colleagues and a number of Democratic colleagues come to the floor and talk about a very serious issue, and that is the $21 trillion na-tional debt we are leaving our kids and our grandchildren. But somehow, when it comes to giving huge tax breaks—$1 trillion dollars in tax breaks to the top 1 percent—suddenly we don’t hear much about that national debt. When it comes to spending $716 billion on a defense bill, my Republican friends are mute. Suddenly the debt has dis-appeared because it is OK to spend un-limited sums of money on the military. I have heard my Republican col-leagues tell us that the United States just cannot afford to join the rest of the industrialized world—every other major country—and guarantee healthcare for all of our people as a right to a Medicare for All program. It is what the American people want, but I am told we cannot afford that. We can afford $716 billion in 1 year for the military, but healthcare for our chil-dren, for our working people, for the 30 million people who have no health in-surance, and for the tens of millions of people who cannot afford health insur-ance—that we cannot afford. At the moment that we are engaged in a highly competitive global econ-omy, I am told over and over again that we cannot afford to make public colleges and universities tuition-free. Hundreds of thousands of our young people are unable to go to college be-cause their families lack the income. Millions leave school deeply in debt. No, no, no, we cannot afford to make public colleges and universities tui-tion-free, but we can afford to spend $716 billion in 1 year on the military. Over half of older Americans have no retirement savings—no retirement sav-ings—yet we have Republican col-leagues in the House and here in the Senate who say: Oh, we can’t afford So-cial Security. We have to cut Social Security for people who are trying to get by on $12,000, $13,000, $14,000 a year, cutting their prescription drugs in half. Cut Social Security, yes, but think about dealing with the $716 billion military budget in a rational way? No, no, no, we can’t afford to do that. We can’t even afford to accept amend-ments here on the floor. The time is long overdue for us to take a hard look at the enormous amount of waste, cost overruns, fraud, and financial mismanagement that has plagued the Department of Defense for decades. I have heard many of my Republican colleagues worry that low-income peo-ple are taking advantage of this pro-gram or that program. Do you know where the money is? The money is with the Department of Defense, and it may be time that we take a hard look at the fraud and the financial mismanage-ment that exists there. That is why I am offering a bipartisan amendment. I want to thank Senators G
RASSLEY and L
EEfor their support on this amend-ment to end the absurdity of the De-partment of Defense being the only Federal agency that has not undergone an audit. It will not surprise the Presiding Of-ficer to note that according to a Gallup poll in February, a few months ago, 65 percent of the American people oppose spending more money on the Depart-ment of Defense; 65 percent say that we should not spend more money, yet over a 2-year period, we are going to spend some $165 billion more on the defense. So it shouldn’t shock anyone that what happens here is a direct con-tradiction to what the American people want. The American people want healthcare for all; my Republican col-leagues want to throw 30 million people off of health insurance. The American people want to ask the rich and power-ful to pay more in taxes; our Repub-lican colleagues give massive tax breaks to the top 1 percent. In defense spending, it is just the same thing. The American people say: I can’t afford to send my kids to college, I can’t afford childcare, and I can’t af-ford housing. We need help. But nobody listens to that. We don’t have lobbyists here fighting for working families so they can find affordable housing or af-fordable prescription drugs, but today we are listening to the military indus-trial complex and talking about a $165 billion increase in 2 years for the mili-tary. As a point in comparison—and I hope everyone hears this—the increase in military spending, the $165 billion over 2 years that we recently approved is larger than the entire military budget of China. China spends about $150 bil-lion a year on defense. We have in-creased military spending by $165 bil-lion over 2 years. Russia spends about $61 billion on de-fense annually. So children in Lou-isiana may be losing their food stamps and go hungry, but we are voting on a bill of $716 billion at a time when Rus-sia spends about of $61 billion on de-fense. There are enormous needs in this country in Vermont, in California, and all across this country. We might want to listen to the needs of working people rather than just lobbyists from the military industrial complex. I believe in a strong national defense, but we cannot continue to give the Pentagon and defense contractors like Lockheed Martin a blank check while we ignore the basic needs of working families throughout this country. What this debate should be about—and, un-fortunately, it will not be about—is our national priorities. Do we have to spend more money on defense than the next 10 countries com-bined when children in America go hungry, when veterans sleep out on the street, when we are the only major country that does not guarantee healthcare to all people? I say no, and I say that the time is long overdue for us to stand up to the lobbyists and the military industrial complex and fight for rational national priorities. About half of the Pentagon’s $716 bil-lion budget goes directly into the hands of private contractors, not into the hands of our troops. Let’s be clear. Over the past two decades, virtually every major defense contractor in the United States has paid millions of dol-lars in fines and settlements for mis-conduct and fraud, all—at the same time—while making huge profits on government contracts. Since 1995, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, and United Technologies have paid nearly $3 billion in fines or related set-tlements for fraud or misconduct—$3 billion—at a time when oversight, frankly, is pretty weak. Yet those three companies alone received about $800 billion in defense contracts over the past 18 years. One of the amendments I have filed would simply require the Pentagon to establish a website on defense contract fraud with a list of companies con-victed of defrauding the Federal Gov-ernment, the total value of contracts awarded to such companies, and a list of recommendations for ways the Pen-tagon can penalize fraudulent contrac-tors. My guess is that fraud is a way of doing business and these settlements are simply a cost of doing business for companies who have huge contracts with the Department of Defense. That has to stop. Further, I find it interesting that the very same defense contractors that have been found guilty or reached set-tlements for fraud are also paying their CEOs and executives excessive and ob-scene compensation packages. Last year, the CEO of Lockheed Martin and Raytheon, two of the top U.S. defense contractors, were each paid over $20 million in total compensation. More-over, more than 90 percent of the rev-enue of those companies came from de-fense spending. So they get the bulk of their money from the taxpayers of the United States, and then they pay their CEOs exorbitant compensation pack-ages. I think the American people might like to know why a defense contractor can pay its CEO 100 times more than the Secretary of Defense, whose salary is capped at $205,000. To my mind, that is a reasonable question. How does the CEO of a defense contractor get 100 times more salary than the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.006 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3733 June 12, 2018 
of Defense? That is why I have filed an amendment to prohibit defense con-tractor CEOs from making more money than the Secretary of Defense. Moreover, as the GAO has told us, there are massive cost overruns in the Defense Department’s acquisition budget that we have to address. Ac-cording to the GAO, the Pentagon’s $1.66 trillion acquisition portfolio cur-rently suffers from more than $537 bil-lion in cost overruns, with much of the cost growth taking place after produc-tion. I was the mayor of the city of Bur-lington, VT, for 8 years. Like other mayors throughout the country— Democrats, Republicans, Independents, whatever—you sit down and negotiate a contract with someone who perhaps is going to repave the streets. The con-tractor says: ‘‘I’m going to do it for $5 million,’’ and you sign a contract. You don’t accept the fact that the con-tractor comes back and says: Oh, I am sorry, I made a little mistake. It is going to cost you people $10 million. That is not the way it was done in Burlington. That is not the way it is done in cities or States throughout this country. But apparently that is the way it is done at the Department of Defense. Oh, yes, Mr. Secretary, we are going to do this weapons system for $5 bil-lion. We made a mistake; you have to pay us $10 billion. No problem. No worries. Nobody in Congress is going to raise any issue about that. GAO tells us that ‘‘many DOD pro-grams fall short of cost, schedule, and performance expectations, meaning DOD pays more than anticipated, can buy less than expected, and, in some cases, delivers less capability to the warfighter.’’ That is not from B
ERNIE  S
ANDERS ; that is from the GAO. Let me repeat. A major reason there is so much waste, fraud, and abuse at the Pentagon is that the Department of Defense remains the only Federal agency in America that hasn’t been able to pass an independent audit 28 years after Congress required it to do so. I know the Federal bureaucracy moves slowly, but 28 years should be enough time for the DOD to do what Congress demanded that it do. The amendment Senator G
RASSLEY , Senator L
EE, and I have filed couldn’t be simpler. It simply says that if the Pentagon can’t pass a clean audit by fiscal year 2022—not tomorrow; fiscal year 2022—then a small portion of the defense budget—about $100 million— will be redirected to deficit reduction. Interestingly, you may recall that on September 10, 2001—1 day before 9/11— former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, who was George W. Bush’s Secretary of Defense, said: 
Our financial systems are decades old. Ac-cording to some estimates, we cannot track $2.3 trillion in transactions. We cannot share information from floor to floor in this build-ing because it’s stored on dozens of techno-logical systems that are inaccessible or in-compatible. In 2001, Donald Rumsfeld, George Bush’s Secretary of Defense, said that DOD could not track $2.3 trillion in transactions. Yet, 17 years after Mr. Rumsfeld’s comments, the Department of Defense has still not passed a clean audit, despite the fact that the Pen-tagon controls assets in excess of $2.2 trillion, or roughly 70 percent of what the entire Federal Government owns. The Commission on Wartime Con-tracting in Iraq and Afghanistan con-cluded in 2011 that $31 to $60 billion spent in Iraq and Afghanistan had been lost to fraud and waste. Children in America go hungry. Young people leave school deeply in debt. People in this country cannot afford healthcare. But $31 to $60 billion in Iraq and Afghani-stan has been lost through fraud and waste. Maybe—just maybe—we might want to get our priorities right and take a look at that issue. Separately, in 2015, the Special In-spector General for Afghanistan Recon-struction reported that the Pentagon could not account for $45 billion in funding for reconstruction projects. More recently, an audit conducted by Ernst & Young for the Defense Logis-tics Agency found that it could not properly account for $800 million in construction projects. It is time to hold the Department of Defense to the same level of account-ability as the rest of the government. I would also like to briefly mention an amendment that, to me, makes an enormous amount of sense. In this bill, we are spending $716 billion in defense spending in order to protect the Amer-ican people. What this bill does is spend that money on the production of fighter planes, bombs, guns, missiles, tanks, nuclear weapons, submarines, and other weapons of destruction. This amendment I have submitted would re-duce the defense budget by one-tenth of 1 percent. That is not a massive cut. We would use that $700 million to make our country safer by reaching out to people throughout the world in ways that bring us together through edu-cational and cultural programs. At the end of the day, it is not nec-essarily true that guns and tanks and missiles are the only way we will be safe. We will be safer when people throughout the world get to know each other and understand the common hu-manity that they have, when kids from Iran and Burlington, VT, can sit down and talk about the issues they face. This amendment is about helping to make us safer by investing in edu-cational programs, allowing our kids to go abroad to learn about other coun-tries, and allowing kids from other countries to come into the United States. Dialogue alone taking place be-tween Foreign Ministers or diplomats at the United Nations is not the only way countries can relate to each other. That type of dialogue, that type of communication, that type of sharing of who we are should be taking place be-tween people throughout the world at the grassroots level—among young peo-ple, among older people, among work-ing people, among academics. Let’s try to destroy the hatred that exists throughout the world based on fear and ignorance by allowing people to get to know each other. One-tenth of 1 percent would go toward that effort. On a separate note, since March of 2015, the U.S. Armed Forces have been involved in hostilities between a Saudi- led coalition and the Houthis in Yemen. I believe it is long past time that we put an end to our unconstitu-tional and unauthorized participation in this war. To my mind, there is no question that U.S. participation in the war in Yemen is unauthorized and un-constitutional. It is the Congress of the United States that decides whether this country goes to war, not the Presi-dent. The truth about Yemen is that U.S. forces have been actively engaged in support of the Saudi coalition in this war, providing intelligence and aerial refueling of planes whose bombs have killed thousands of people and made the current humanitarian crisis in Yemen the worst humanitarian crisis on the face of the planet today. Even now as I speak, there are re-ports that an attack on the Yemeni port city of Hodeidah by the Saudi-led coalition is imminent. Hodeidah is a key entry point for humanitarian aid into Yemen. The U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator in the country, Lisa Grande, said last week that ‘‘a military attack or siege on Hodeidah will im-pact hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians. . . . In a prolonged worst case, we fear that as many as 250,000 people may lose everything—even their lives.’’ The Trump administration has tried to justify our involvement in the Yemen war as necessary to push back on Iran. Well, another administration told us that invading Iraq was nec-essary to confront al-Qaida, and an-other told us that the Vietnam war was necessary to contain communism. None of that turned out to be true. I believe that we have become far too comfortable with the United States en-gaging in military interventions all over the world. We have now been in Afghanistan for 17 years—the longest war in American history. We have been in Iraq for 15 years. Our troops are now in Syria under what I believe are ques-tionable authorities, and the adminis-tration has indicated that it may broaden that mission even more. The time is long overdue for Congress to reassert its constitutional responsi-bility over sending our men and women into war. It is the Congress that makes that decision. It couldn’t be clearer in the Constitution. It is not the Presi-dent of the United States. That is why I have filed a bipartisan amendment, along with Senators L
EE, M URPHY , W
ARREN , and several others, that would put an end to U.S. involvement in the war in Yemen. Let me conclude by saying this: I think everybody in the Congress be-lieves and understands that we need a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.007 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3734 June 12, 2018 
strong defense. There is no debate about that. But we do not need a de-fense budget that is bloated, that is wasteful, and that has in it many areas of fraud. Let me remind some of my Repub-lican colleagues—it is hard to believe, but Dwight D. Eisenhower, who led American troops in World War II, was a Republican. This is what he said as he was leaving office, which is as true today as when he said it in 1960. He said: 
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. . . . This is not a way of life at all, in any true sense. Under the cloud of threatening war, it is humanity hanging from a cross of iron. 
That is what Dwight D. Eisenhower said way back when. Those are words that I think we should remember today. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I would suggest that the War Powers Act does specifically say that the President has the very power to enter our troops into combat. It shouldn’t be necessary to say. People are asking me questions and calling up and asking: Where are we on the NDAA? I want to make a few com-ments about that and then give an exact status as to where we are right now. We said it before, but we can’t over-state this: This NDAA bill is going to pass. We know it is going to pass. It has passed for 57 consecutive years, and it is one that has to pass because this is the most important bill of the year. Last night, we adopted a managers’ package of some 45 bipartisan amend-ments. This is on top of some 300 amendments that we already have gone through in the committee. I want to say with my counterpart here—Senator R
EED—that we are in total agreement on the procedures we should be following. We are in agree-ment on an open amendment process. Both the Democratic and Republican leadership are committed to an open amendment process. We have been try-ing to set that up, and we have not been shortchanging or shortcutting anyone’s ability to be heard on their amendment, because we have already gone through 300 of these in com-mittee, and then it passed unanimously to the floor. That is something that doesn’t happen very often. I hope that we can have more amend-ments throughout this process. We are working to get consent to do that. I think we can make it happen. We want an open amendment process. Every-body wants that. I recently got back from visiting with American troops around the world—Afghanistan, Poland, Kuwait, just to name a few. When I meet with these troops, I go and talk to the en-listed guys in the mess hall. You can find out a lot more by sitting down and eating with the guys in the mess hall in Afghanistan than you can having a hearing in Washington, DC. One of the things I learned last week was that our troops want to know if we are really doing all we can. The proper authorizations, reports, trainings, things like we established in this bill would be improved by an open amendment process. The open amend-ment process is the hallmark of our de-mocracy. It is very significant, and it is something we need to be doing, and we are all in agreement on that. Now, the NDAA is also a message to our allies around the world. They don’t want to have to hedge their bets. It wasn’t too long ago we were in the South China Sea, and we saw where China is actually building all of these islands out there. I contend, it is ille-gally building them because they don’t own the land. It is almost as if they are preparing for World War III. All of that is going on right now. So it is a very hostile world out there. We saw the progress the President made yesterday with Kim Jong Un. That was nothing short of a miracle that they are sitting down and visiting, that they have agreed on certain denuclearization prospects. I think they have done a great job, and I am anxious to give this President the au-thority to continue in his work. While we continue to work out the amendment process, I ask my col-leagues to come down to the floor. Let me say where we are right now. Senator CORKER is blocking the consid-eration of all amendments, unless he receives a vote on his amendment. I ap-preciate very much the friendly atti-tude he has had toward this. He feels very strongly, but there is a blue-slip problem with this; that is, it is not going to be considered by the House be-cause it is a revenue issue we are deal-ing with, and that is why it is a blue- slip issue. I know Senator C
ORKER did want to correct that last night, and he attempted to do it. I have not heard that he has been able to successfully do it, and I don’t believe he has. There are several already who have said, in the event C
ORKER tries to bring it up for a vote, they will block that vote. So that vote would be blocked. Senator P
AULand Senator L EEhave amendments that are similar to each other. Each one is blocking unless he receives a vote. So we have Senator L
EEsaying, unless he gets a vote on his amendment, he is going to block any-one else from having an amendment or getting a vote; in other words, no amendments. Senator P
AUL, the same thing, no amendments. Now, their amendments are similar to each other, but there are some slight differences, but that is where they are right now. However, Senator G
RAHAM and Sen-ator G
RASSLEY have said, in the event Senator Paul or Senator LEEputs their amendment forward, they would stop their amendments from coming up. So that is where we are. We have the Corker amendment, and it is one that has a blue-slip problem. We have the indefinite detention amendment by P
AUL, and both G RAHAM and G RASSLEY  have said they would object if that comes up for a vote. So we can’t have a vote on that. There is nothing we can do except get them together to decide. This significant bill we are talking about is the most significant bill of the year, and we can’t move on it until— and, I agree, there is a problem. I have talked to a lot of our Members who are fairly new Members, and they talk about the Senate process and that one person can stop everything from hap-pening. Well, it has been that way a long time, and this is where we seem to have to pay dearly for it. I have to say this also because many times on legis-lation we have on the floor, it is Demo-crat versus Republican, Republican versus Democrat. Well, Senator R
EED and I don’t have any disagreement. We disagree on some of the issues we are going to be dealing with as we debate amendments—and that is going to hap-pen this week—but we both agree the other has the chance to present his best case and try to win on the issues. So that is going on, and this is one of the rare cases where I guess all the problems we are having objecting to amendments are all coming from the Republican side. I hope our Repub-licans will get together with each other and determine what areas they actu-ally will be objecting to. That is where we are right now. Let me, one more time, commend Senator R
EED for the cooperation we are getting between the Democrats and Republicans on this, the most signifi-cant bill of the year. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Mr. President, let me thank the Senator from Oklahoma for being very thoughtful and informing us all of the current procedural status. We both hope to be able to work through another package of managers’ amend-ments that could be submitted. Looking at the amendments we have seen so far, regardless of what position you take on their disposition, they all seem to be serious, substantive and, in our view, worthy of a vote. We just have to work out the procedure to get to those votes. There may be some-thing in the future that is offered that seems to be very difficult, and I will not say we have not, in the past, on our side stood up and said we object. That is one of the prerogatives. At this juncture, Senator I
NHOFE and I seem to be in harmony trying to find ways to vote for the proposals we have seen presented to us and ask and re-quest votes on the proposals by our col-leagues. With that, I know Senator I
NHOFE  and I will continue to work to see if we can move this process forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.009 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3735 June 12, 2018 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
TRUMP -KIM SUMMIT  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I come to the floor to raise my concerns over the outcome of the summit between the United States and North Korea. Now, after witnessing heated rhetoric from both sides, the unexpected turn toward diplomacy by President Trump and Kim Jong Un was, by all accounts, a very welcome development. As there is no military solution to the North Korean nuclear crisis, I was encouraged to see direct engagement, and I have long advocated for this approach. How-ever, I am concerned that the agree-ment signed this morning does little to address the threats and challenges we face. First, the text of the statement was the most vague and least detailed of any signed by North Korea over the past three decades. Despite his claims to the contrary, President Trump got a weaker deal, with fewer commitments, than any of his predecessors. Nowhere does the document explain what ‘‘com-plete denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula’’ means. For example, Kim Jong Un can easily interpret the lan-guage to mean he will only relinquish his nuclear weapons once the United States does the same. After all, history shows us that North Korea interprets the term ‘‘Korean Peninsula’’ to in-clude any U.S. nuclear weapon capable of striking North Korea. The loopholes in the agreement, it seems, are big enough to fly nuclear missiles through. By contrast, previous agreements were much more stringent. The 1992 joint declaration signed by North and South Korea, for example, included conditions such as ‘‘South and North Korea shall not test, manufacture, produce, receive, possess, store, deploy, or use nuclear weapons,’’ and ‘‘South and North Korea shall not possess nu-clear reprocessing and uranium enrich-ment facilities.’’ Unfortunately, nei-ther of those commitments appears in the latest agreement. The language in-stead suggests something worrying. As the administration must have re-alized this agreement was not as strong as the previous ones, it appears it was unable to convince North Korea to adopt tougher, more detailed commit-ments. If true, we should take the hint that North Korea has not yet felt the economic pressure necessary to compel it to accept our definition of ‘‘denuclearization’’—one where the Kim regime relinquishes its nuclear weapons and its means to produce more. It appears, Kim Jong Un, having stockpiled a wide range of illicit and dangerous weapons, believes he is nego-tiating from a position of strength, rather than from a position of weak-ness. While the Trump administration said it has imposed maximum pressure, the truth is, we haven’t yet reached that level that could be called max-imum pressure. North Korea must understand that even if China eases the pressure, we in Congress are ready to step in to tight-en the screws on the North Korean economy. President Trump appears to have made a second unforced error. By agreeing to curtail our joint military exercises with the South Koreans, President Trump let Kim Jong Un dic-tate our military activities with other countries. By proclaiming that our ex-ercises are ‘‘provocative,’’ he has adopted the North Korea propaganda. By proclaiming that our exercises are ‘‘expensive,’’ he showed that he does not grasp our alliance commitments. Yes, some military exercises are cost-ly, but as any businessperson should know, the more important indicator is value. If a high cost is outweighed by even greater benefits, then we should be willing to pay the cost. Our military exercises improve the readiness of our forces to deter and, if necessary, defeat North Korean aggres-sion. Will North Korea be sufficiently deterred without U.S. and South Ko-rean forces standing shoulder to shoul-der? Will the chance of conflict de-crease? It was telling—and very regrettable— that the South Korean Government needed to issue a statement asking the Trump administration to clarify its comment about military exercises. It seems the Blue House in South Korea was not consulted. What signal does it send to China that our presence in the region, which has helped keep peace and stability for decades, may be sacrificed to save a bit of money? The Trump administration might have unwittingly given a green light to China to pursue more aggres-sive actions in the region. Now, I have been warning that we must watch out for the old Kim family playbook—one that has been used throughout the Clinton, Bush, and Obama administrations. Well, the Kim family playbook was on the field yet again last night, and President Trump fell for all of the plays. As it has done in the past, North Korea showed it is trying to, No. 1, front load the rewards and delay con-cessions. As indicated by the post-sum-mit statement from China’s Foreign Ministry, Pyongyang and Beijing al-ready appear to be working together to remove sanctions despite the lack of tangible evidence of denuclearization. No. 2, from the Kim family playbook, use sleight of hand to make irrelevant actions seem meaningful. By sup-posedly demolishing its nuclear test site and a missile engine test stand, North Korea is claiming it has made real progress, despite not destroying a single warhead or missile. No. 3, in the Kim family playbook, exploit ambiguity. The Trump-Kim agreement is so vague that it imposes no clear requirements on North Korea. What we should want is reconciliation, not repetition of what has happened decade after decade when the Kim fam-ily uses its playbook to delay conces-sions they make while front-end load-ing the rewards they receive. We can all agree that we need a plan to stop North Korea’s plutonium pro-duction and uranium enrichment, that suspends and then eliminates its bal-listic missile program, that perma-nently dismantles and removes all of its nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons, and that implements a com-pliance inspection program with a strong verification regime—suspend, eliminate, dismantle, remove, and verify every single step of the way. Most of us agree on what a deal should look like, but the trick is fig-uring out how to get there, and the hard work lies ahead to successfully navigate the hazards. No. 1, do not sell out our allies. We must not allow North Korea to believe the alliance framework, which has served as the foundation for regional peace and security, is anything other than unshakeable. Unfortunately, South Korea seemed to be caught off guard by President Trump’s announce-ment on military exercises. No. 2, do not prematurely release the pressure valve. China, North Korea’s chief enabler, already is easing pres-sure on North Korea. North Korean goods already are becoming more abun-dant in China, despite being banned by United Nations Security Council reso-lutions, and immediately following the summit, the Chinese Foreign Ministry suggested making adjustments to ex-isting sanctions on North Korea. If China wants to be taken seriously as a responsible global power, it cannot shirk its duties to enforce sanctions on serial violators like North Korea. If North Korea backslides at any point, China must be tougher on North Korea, including cutting off all of the crude oil exports to the North Korean re-gime, which still flows in every day from China. No. 3, focus on the threat at hand. North Korea’s nuclear warheads and other dangerous weapons and their de-livery systems are real threats. The ad-ministration must not fall for North Korea’s inevitable theatrics and false concessions, as we cannot afford to be sidetracked. After all, nothing would stop North Korea from conducting an-other nuclear or missile test if it even believes its warheads and missiles need more testing. No. 4, build American diplomatic ca-pability and infrastructure. Diplomacy is a team sport, and no matter what commitments leaders make, it is only through a well-staffed and well- resourced professional diplomatic core that it becomes a reality. The State Department must have the resources it needs to conduct American foreign pol-icy around the globe and especially with regard to Asia and North Korea. The outcome of this summit clearly indicates how much we need the advice of career diplomats and technical ex-perts. And, No. 5, come to Congress. To achieve a lasting solution to the crisis, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3736 June 12, 2018 
the Trump administration must work with Congress to shape the contours of any future deal. Any final agreement should take the form of a treaty, to be ratified by the U.S. Senate, so as to in-crease its shelf life. Without following principles like this and without a clear understanding of our previous diplomatic efforts with North Korea, we could fail. We owe it to our fellow Americans to successfully reduce the threats we face because the threats from North Korea are signifi-cant. Unlike other countries with nuclear programs, North Korea already pos-sesses thermonuclear warheads and the ballistic missiles to deliver them. It has shorter range missiles that cast a dark shadow over our allies, South Korea and Japan. Pyongyang possesses some of the foulest toxins on the plan-et, and it brutally represses, imprisons, tortures, and kills its own citizens. So we must address these myriad threats. As it turns out, negotiating with North Korea is harder than the Presi-dent thought. So we must continue to squeeze the regime so that it cannot access the resources necessary to main-tain or expand its military capabili-ties. After all, a combination of direct engagement, backed by pressure, is the only solution to the North Korean threat to the United States, our allies, and to the broader region. Now, Mr. President, I would like to spend a few minutes discussing amend-ments that I am filing to the National Defense Authorization Act. My amend-ments would help to reduce the nuclear dangers the world faces today and in the future by either canceling or re-directing funds the Trump administra-tion would use to develop a new so- called low-yield nuclear weapon toward preparing for nonproliferation activi-ties that will be essential to helping denuclearize North Korea. I also want to thank my colleagues Senators E
LIZABETH WARREN and J ACK R
EED, who have been tremendous lead-ers on the Armed Services Committee, in working to ensure that proper con-gressional authorization is secured for any new or modified nuclear weapons. There is no more important job for Congress than stopping the spread of nuclear weapons, and I thank Senators W
ARREN and R EEDfor their leadership and commitment to this important task. Let’s be clear. When the Trump ad-ministration talks about a so-called low-yield nuclear weapon, they are still referring to nuclear weapons com-parable to the nuclear bomb that de-stroyed Hiroshima in the Second World War. There is no such thing as a low- yield nuclear weapon. A nuclear weap-on is a nuclear weapon, and they are fundamentally different than any other tool of war. They destabilize. They an-nihilate. They force others to do the same. This is where the term ‘‘MAD,’’ or mutually assured destruction, comes from. For these reasons, they should never be used, and we should never falter in the ongoing struggle to reduce and eventually eliminate the danger nu-clear weapons pose to the world. But, instead, the Trump administra-tion wants new nuclear weapons, and, unfortunately, its efforts to develop new, more usable low-yield nuclear weapons, like the W76–2, seem to be driven more by political requirements than by military requirements. Our military commanders didn’t ask for this or any other nuclear weapon. In-stead, the Trump administration told them that they were getting this new low-yield nuclear weapon in its Nuclear Posture Review earlier this year, which needlessly expanded our nuclear warfighting capabilities and threat-ened new scenarios under which we might use our nuclear weapons to re-spond. The Nuclear Posture Review called for new low-yield weapons, like the W76–2, for unretiring old, Cold War- era ones like the B–83 megaton gravity bomb and expanding the scenarios under which we might respond with nu-clear weapons. We already have hundreds of low- yield nuclear weapons, including the B61 gravity bomb and an air-launched cruise missile, and we will spend hun-dreds of billions of dollars to upgrade these systems, as well as to develop a new stealth bomber and fighter aircraft to deliver them, as part of the existing nuclear modernization program. Given this current capacity, as well as the lack of any documents, reports, or studies justifying the sudden, pre-viously unrecognized, need for a new low-yield weapon as part of America’s nuclear deterrent, it is hard to under-stand why we need to spend more money to develop a low-yield nuclear weapon that will add additional strain to a nuclear complex that is already operating at levels unseen since the Cold War and that could jeopardize the existing modernization program which enjoys bipartisan support and which our military leaders have said is the most important nuclear requirement for the military. It makes no sense to spend more money to develop a low- yield nuclear weapon, dangerously in-distinguishable from a strategic one, especially when our military does not need it. They did not request it. That is why I have fought this weap-on from the very start and am offering an amendment to focus on funding ac-tivities that will be necessary to re-duce the nuclear danger to the world— whether now or in the future—instead of adding to it by developing a com-pletely unjustified low-yield weapon that adds to the risk that we can actu-ally contemplate fighting a winnable nuclear war. That makes no sense whatsoever—a new nuclear weapon that the Pentagon did not ask for. We should be heading in the opposite direc-tion. That is the signal that we should be sending to the rest of the world. With regard to the summit, my hope is that there will be some details that indicate what the concessions have been made by Kim to the United States and to the world. Thus far, there is no evidence of that. I fear that the only thing that will last from this summit will be the photo, because we will not have had the concessions made that, on a verifiable basis can, in fact, be con-firmed and that make the Korean Pe-ninsula and make the world a safer place to be. So today is a momentous day. This will be a momentous week on the floor of the Senate, as well, in the debate of this new armed services bill, and I am looking forward to this incredibly im-portant discussion. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CONGRATULATING MITCH MCCONNELL AS THE  
LONGEST SERVING SENATE REPUBLICAN LEADER  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I rise today to mark an important milestone for our friend Senator M
ITCH MCCON-
NELL , who has now become the longest serving Republican leader, surpassing Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, who served from 1985 to 1996. I told somebody in the press yester-day that Senator M
CCONNELL has done it the old-fashioned way: He earned it. He earned this role as our leader and the respect, certainly, that goes along with it. He served as minority leader begin-ning in 2007, and I had the honor of pre-senting him with a copy of his maiden speech as Republican leader back then. That was at the beginning of the 110th Congress, and he has served as either majority leader or minority leader ever since. What a historic tenure his has been, and what a privilege it has been for me to serve alongside him since I came to the Senate in 2003, but espe-cially in my role as whip, I have had the opportunity to work with the lead-er on a daily basis, and it has been one of the highlights of my Senate career. Senator M
CCONNELL is trusted. We all know he is whip smart. He is an im-pressive strategist. He understands the Senate better than anybody else here, and time and again, he has dem-onstrated what leaders always need to demonstrate, and that is a remarkable degree of humility, sometimes prefer-ring to work for the betterment of the conference and the country behind the scenes rather than enjoy the spotlight on the frontlines. That takes a remark-able sense of self-confidence and team spirit that not everybody has. It is true that sometimes he is soft-spoken, but I can assure you that he is never afraid to take a hard line when absolutely necessary. But more than that, he is a rare example of what a Senator ought to be, what a true public servant ought to be. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.012 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3737 June 12, 2018 
As majority leader, Senator M CCON-
NELL is a member of a storied group that includes the likes of Senator Charles Curtis, the first official major-ity leader of the Senate, who was fa-mous for his Native American ancestry and racing horses, I am told. The‘ group includes Robert Taft of Ohio, who would work late into the night studying the rules of the Senate in order to outmaneuver his opponents. It includes Lyndon Baines Johnson from my State, who would go on to become President, as well as Mike Mansfield from Montana, Johnson’s whip, who went on to serve as majority leader for 16 years. In more recent times, there have been great statesmen, such as Bob Dole, Trent Lott, and Bill Frist. We all know that Senator M
CCON-
NELL is an avid student of history, and he has learned a lot from all of these leaders—their example, their ups and downs, their successes, and their chal-lenges—and in a sense, he stands on their shoulders. The experience, the ex-ample, and the great leadership each of them demonstrated have benefited all of us but nobody more than our leader Senator M
CCONNELL . In today’s world, the qualities em-bodied by all of these men is not very widely understood, but we have to look no further than Senator M
CCONNELL to see what that leadership looks like. One thing it requires is recognizing your role but also respecting the role of other Members in the conference. As I said, Senator M
CCONNELL deeply understands the nature of the Senate and his position, and he illustrated this when he spoke at the beginning of the 114th Congress. In his first speech, he recognized that the American people were anxious about the direction of our country. He mentioned the decline of civic trust in our national institutions. He expressed concern about his fellow Americans feeling as though government was somehow uninterested or incapable of addressing their concerns—a govern-ment that seemed to be working for itself instead of for them. Those were some of the sentiments and concerns he expressed at the time. Sensing this unease, articulating the problem was just the beginning of Sen-ator M
CCONNELL ’s setting out to fix it. What Americans wanted then is what they want now: They want a govern-ment that works. They want, as Sen-ator M
CCONNELL called it, a govern-ment of the 21st century, one that functions with efficiency and account-ability, competence and purpose. That is the kind of government our leader has worked tirelessly to promote. As he has told us time and again, what he is interested in is results, not show votes. Many of us from time to time have said: Why can’t we have a vote on this or that? He reminds us that what we need to produce is results, not the-atrics. He has taken steps to return the Sen-ate to regular order, which simply means getting the Senate back to work according to its own rules and tradi-tions. He has gotten the committees to work again. The Senate simply does not work unless our committee struc-ture works, because then power is dif-fused among all Senators, and they each get to contribute their piece of a solution to a problem. He has com-mitted himself and the Senate to a more rational, functioning appropria-tions process—something we all can ap-plaud. In my opinion, it has been his never- ending quest for this body he loves to function not just ably but at a consist-ently high level. That has been his greatest contribution to the people he serves. Leader MCCONNELL is concerned about the policy priorities of our party, of course, and he works doggedly to ad-vance a conservative, right-of-center agenda, but he also cares deeply about this institution that he has committed so much of his life to serving and the pivotal role the Senate has always played in American history. He cares about upholding the rules and tradi-tions of this body, not for their own sake but because they have simply withstood the test of time. We have made great strides this Con-gress under Leader M
CCONNELL ’s lead-ership. We passed the first overhaul of the Tax Code in more than three dec-ades and allowed Americans to keep more of their hard-earned paychecks. We reformed Dodd-Frank legislation, freeing up banks and credit unions to better serve their communities by giv-ing small businesses access to the cred-it they need in order to start that busi-ness and grow. We rolled back overly burdensome regulations and confirmed 39 judicial nominees, including a Su-preme Court Justice and 21 circuit court judges. As Senator M
CCONNELL  likes to remind us, these judges will serve long after this President’s term of office and perhaps even our time in the Senate. This spring, we kept a solemn com-mitment we made to our veterans by making sure they have access to the healthcare choices which they need and which we have solemnly committed to provide. None of this would have been possible without Leader M
CCONNELL ’s deftly navigating around the stop signs and roadblocks that naturally occur in a place like the Senate and refusing to yield along the way to unprecedented levels of partisan obstruction. But we must not forget that Senator M
CCONNELL is a leader not only of our conference, but he also serves pri-marily on behalf of the people of Ken-tucky. He doesn’t leave his full-time job behind when he puts on his leader-ship hat. He somehow has to balance the needs of both his constituents in Kentucky and the larger needs of the Senate and of the country as a whole. It goes without saying that balancing those competing demands is extraor-dinarily difficult. It is not for the faint of heart. But somehow Senator M
CCON-
NELL makes it look easy. He doesn’t even seem to break a sweat, amazingly so. That is because people like Senator M
CCONNELL are versatile and energetic. On behalf of his fellow Kentuckians, he has recently championed the cause of international adoptions, ensured a healthcare fix for more than 3,000 re-tired coal miners, and supported mili-tary installations, such as Fort Camp-bell and Fort Knox. He has gotten more resources to strengthen Kentucky uni-versities. He has helped his State com-bat the scourge of opioid addiction. He even helped a mother get her child back after she was abducted and taken to West Africa. These are just some of the recent ways he has served his State. As we know, Senator MCCONNELL  joined the Senate in 1984, so one could literally write volumes about his many other contributions over the past 3
1⁄2 decades. He once said of the Senate what is no less true of all of us: We are all imperfect at moments, but we were permanently endowed with high pur-pose. For those familiar with the story of his own life, this sense of high purpose was seen early on. After overcoming polio at a young age, Leader M
CCON-
NELL went on to attend the University of Louisville, where he served as stu-dent body president and where he urged his classmates to march with Martin Luther King, Jr., on behalf of civil rights. He then became president of the student bar association in law school. This man was clearly born to lead. What was clear early in his life re-mains clear today: Leader M
CCONNELL  is simply relentless. He never stops working, and in his view, we—both as a conference and a country—still have miles to go before we sleep. In addition to confirming the Presi-dent’s nominees, we have a packed to- do list this year that includes finishing the Defense bill this week, passing water infrastructure reform, as well as a farm bill, combating the opioid cri-sis, and reauthorizing the Federal Aviation Administration and the Coast Guard. None of this is easy, but one thing is certain: With Leader M
CCON-
NELL at the helm and with the hard work of those of us here in the Sen-ate—on a bipartisan basis, hopefully— we will continue to make steady progress on behalf of the American peo-ple we serve. Thank you, Senator M
CCONNELL , for your example. Thank you for your mentorship and for your friendship, and congratulations once again on reaching this historic milestone today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, while the Senator from Kentucky is here, I want to get his attention and say that the very laudatory comments the ma-jority whip has said about the Sen-ator—I can add to the accolades for the Senator from Kentucky by pointing out that he and I have a common trait, a common denominator between us: We both married above ourselves. His wife, the Honorable Elaine Chao, now our Secretary of Transportation, former 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.013 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3738 June 12, 2018 
Secretary of Labor—they are truly one of the remarkable couples of political leadership in the Nation’s Capital. I congratulate him on the comments by the majority whip today. 
GUN VIOLENCE  
Mr. President, I am wearing this rib-bon because the Orlando community is mourning once again. Last night, there was another shooting, and a number of people have been killed again. Today marks 2 years since the tragic mas-sacre at the Pulse nightclub in Or-lando, 2 years since a gunman walked into the club with a Sig Sauer MCX as-sault rifle and killed 49 innocent peo-ple. They were there celebrating Latin American night at a gay nightclub. It was one of the deadliest mass shootings in modern U.S. history with 49 deaths, only to be eclipsed by the massacre of 58 people a year ago in Las Vegas. In the carnage, a number of people were severely wounded, and those who did not actually have physical wounds have the mental and emotional wounds that are not unlike the PTSD that our soldiers suffer from and have to be treated for for years and years. That is true in the Orlando community as a re-sult of the massacre at the Pulse night-club. Orlando is mourning again at this 2-year mark. There were some incredible things that came out of this. I have never seen the Orlando community so united, with the leadership of the entire commu-nity, regardless of their politics, wear-ing these kinds of ribbons to point out their unity and using the phrase ‘‘Or-lando Strong.’’ Today is a day to pause and honor the victims and the survivors and to once again thank the first responders who put their lives on the line to save so many more. Law enforcement was magnificent. The SWAT team was magnificent. I talked to the SWAT team. There was one of the SWAT members who actually had stitches across his forehead. But for millime-ters, he would have been dead. That was one of the rounds from the assault rifle. I talked to the trauma team at the Orlando regional hospital. A trauma unit just so happened to be about 10 or 15 blocks from the Pulse nightclub. But for that trauma unit, those trauma surgeons and their courage in trying to get victims stabilized, there would have been more deaths. This is a day to look back on what we have actually done to prevent another such tragedy from ever happening again. Unfortunately, not much had happened until a bold, very courageous group of students after the massacre in Parkland, FL, at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School stood up and said: We are going to make a difference. The Orlando community is once again mourning today because last night a gunman shot a police officer and then killed four young, innocent children whom he was holding hostage in an apartment. It has happened again. These children, all under the age of 12—one was just a 1-year-old—were killed by a man who, like so many oth-ers, shouldn’t have had a gun in the first place. When are we going to say enough is enough? At some point Congress has to accept the fact that the only way to change the current path is that we, as a soci-ety, are going to have to take a step in the right direction to do the right thing. Yet you can remember that a couple of years ago, in this body we tried to pass a bill which said that if you were on the terrorist watch list, it was going to be the law of the land that you could not buy a gun. Mind you, if they are on the terrorist watch list, we think they are potentially a terrorist and therefore cannot get on an airplane and fly on a commercial airline, but we could not pass that to say that they could not buy or acquire a gun. So what we see that destroys our communities—we are going to have to do more than increase security at schools with some wrongheaded at-tempts to arm teachers. First of all, the teachers don’t want to be armed in schools. I will tell you who else doesn’t want them to be armed—the SWAT team that has to storm the school building looking for the shooter, and then if they come upon a teacher with a gun, they could think that teacher is the shooter. We have to do more than increase funding for mental health or expand background checks, which we des-perately have to do. We need universal, comprehensive background checks that would pick up red flags about mental health issues like those of the Park-land shooter. We have to do more than raise the minimum age to buy a gun or ban the sale of bump stocks, which makes a semiautomatic assault rifle into an automatic—a true military weapon. At some point, Congress has to start standing up for the people it rep-resents. It has to turn a deaf ear to the special interests that have locked down their votes here because they want to sell more guns. At some point, Con-gress has to stand up to the NRA, which represents the gun manufactur-ers—not the target shooters, not the hunters. It represents the gun manu-facturers to sell more guns. I say this as a fellow who grew up on a ranch. I have had guns all of my life and have hunted all my life. I still hunt with my son. An assault rifle like an AR–15 is not for hunting; it is for kill-ing. We have to face the fact of banning the sale of military assault rifle types and the long clips of some 30 rounds of ammunition. The attack at the Pulse nightclub 2 years ago was an attack of both terror and hate, and it was an attack on our fundamental American values of dig-nity and equality. It was an attack de-signed to divide us as a nation, but what we saw instead was an entire community and entire country come together united. In remembrance of the victims today in Orlando, you will see this ribbon worn by many, many citizens in the community. On the 2-year date of that horrific event, I want us to come to-gether again in the same way we did after Pulse in Orlando, the same way we did after Parkland but, this time, not to help each other mourn to get through the tragedy but to require real change to make sure that it is going to be more difficult for this to happen again. Aren’t people beginning to realize there is way too much gun violence in this country—and a lot of it since Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut? In my State of Florida, just this year, we have seen 17 students gunned down at Marjory Stoneman Douglas. Just in this year, 1 month after that, we saw another student shot at Forest High School in Ocala. Just last month, a sheriff’s deputy was shot and killed in Lake Placid. Then, this week, we have awakened to the news of an officer shot in Orlando and the deaths of four young children who were held hostage. We should not allow these shootings to become the new normal in this coun-try. This Senator has been involved in a lot of bipartisan bills to prohibit known or suspected terrorists from purchasing firearms, to empower our family members and law enforcement to take guns away from relatives who pose a danger to themselves and others who bring up these so-called red flags. These are sensible, bipartisan options to help make our communities safer, yet there has been little movement in the Senate to proceed on these pro-posals. The student leaders of the March For Our Lives organization have said it. The parents of the children at Sandy Hook have said it. Those who have lost loved ones to suicide have said it. Two years after Pulse, our resolve to end gun violence must be stronger than ever. It is time for us to act. We realize that with practical politics, it is going to be very, very difficult to move legis-lation, but we have to keep trying. Let’s work on some real bipartisan, commonsense solutions to make our communities safer. Let’s work on how we can prevent these assault weapons from getting into the wrong hands. Let’s work together on how we can stop massacres that continue to plague this country. We owe it to the victims of the massacres and to their families. We owe it to every American, who has the right to live without being in fear of this violence. Just ask the students in the schools of America today if they fear that violence. Really, isn’t enough enough? I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:16 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.015 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3739 June 12, 2018 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:31 p.m., recessed until 2:16 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. H
OEVEN ). 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, one of the greatest things about our country is the Bill of Rights. When we passed the Constitution, many people were fearful that if specific rights were not enumer-ated, they might be taken away. I think other people said: We don’t need a Bill of Rights. Who can imagine a time when we would take away the right to trial? Who can imagine a time when you wouldn’t get a lawyer or that you could be held indefinitely without a trial? Some people opposed the Bill of Rights and said: We don’t need this be-cause it is so obvious that no one in their right mind would ever argue that an American citizen or someone appre-hended or accused of a crime in the United States would be held without limit, would be sent to a camp in an-other country and held forever without a trial. None of our Founding Fathers ever imagined that could happen. Well, here we are at a time where just 4 or 5 years ago, this body passed a bill that says an American citizen can be detained forever; that an Amer-ican citizen accused of a crime in the United States can be sent to a foreign camp and held forever without trial. When you mention this, people are incredulous. They ask: Who is the per-son who would object to the Bill of Rights? Who is it who possibly objects to the Fifth Amendment and the Sixth Amendment? You are going to hear from that per-son shortly because it is one person in the Senate who objects to the Fifth Amendment and the Sixth Amendment applying to those who are accused of a crime in our country—captured in our country and accused of a crime in our country. This person would deny you a lawyer. This person believes the entire world is a battlefield, including the United States, so we need to have mar-tial law in the United States. This per-son discounts the whole presumption that you are presumed to be innocent until found guilty. Why is this a problem? Well, after 9/ 11, we captured 119 people, and we tor-tured them. Our government tortured them, but, in retrospect, we found out that 26 out of the 119 were the wrong person. Does anybody remember a time in our history when Black people were lynched because they were presumed to be guilty? This is what this is about. This is about people accused of a crime—not declared guilty, not found guilty, but you are willing to lock them up without a trial. I cannot think of anything more un-American. You will hear today from the rep-resentative of the un-American posi-tion that the Fifth and the Sixth Amendments don’t apply to everybody. Some will say: Oh, the Fifth Amend-ment just applies to citizens, and maybe we could talk about citizens but not noncitizens. The Fifth Amendment says that no person shall be held or de-prived of their liberty or due process, which is the whole idea of going to court. Nobody captured in this country can be deprived of that. The Sixth Amendment says: ‘‘In all prosecutions, the accused’’—not just American citi-zens but the accused. People will say: Oh, we are talking about terrorists here, and they are ter-rible people. Absolutely they are ter-rible people. Everybody would want to punish the guilty terrorists, but do you want to punish people who are only ac-cused of terrorism? You say: Well, it is a terrible crime. We might as well just throw out the Constitution and throw out the Bill of Rights. Why don’t we just lock these people up or, better yet, kill them? That is the mentality of lynching. That is the mentality of locking up all the Japanese during World War II. Is that who we are as a people? They will have won after 9/11 if we give up on the Bill of Rights. If we give up on who we are, they will have won. We presume people to be innocent. We don’t lock up people because they are Japanese—not any longer—and we don’t lynch people because they are Black—not any longer—because the Bill of Rights applies to everyone. If you say, well, he is accused of ter-rorism, and he shouldn’t get a trial, or she shouldn’t get a trial, we have had 386 people accused of terrorism in our country, and every one of them has been convicted. The man who killed 13 people in New York City the other day, if I am on the jury, I vote to convict, but I want to hear the evidence first. I want to know that they got the right person. I want to know that someone saw him do it, that there is evidence—not just be-cause he has brown skin we are going to lock him up and lock him up forever without a trial. We have convicted everybody tried in the United States. We didn’t give up on who we are. Yet the law currently says—thanks to several individuals— that you can be detained forever with-out a trial. President Obama signed this law, but even President Obama knew it was a terrible law. He said: This law, this power is so terrible that I will never use it. But that is not what the law is about. The law is about being so good that even when you get a rotten person in office someday, they don’t have the power to do this. What happens if someday we elect someone who is a bigot or someone who says that gay people should be guilty or someone who says that Brown people or non-Chris-tians or Christians or homeschoolers— you name it—you can be a minority of the color of your skin or a minority of your ideology, but we should never let the government lock you up without a trial, without a lawyer. The amendment I have been trying to get for 6 years simply restates the Con-stitution, restates the Bill of Rights. It says that no declaration of war will allow people apprehended in the United States to be held without a trial. We not only can’t get this passed, we can’t get a vote on it because certain indi-viduals have such disregard for Amer-ican tradition, disregard for the pre-sumption of innocence, and disregard for the Bill of Rights that they object to even having a vote. So we have been trying for 6 years to have a vote on this. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that it be in order to call up my amendment, which would forbid indefi-nite detention of American citizens and others who are accused of a crime, amendment No. 2795 to amendment No. 2282. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I will try to be brief. I appreciate Senator P
AUL’s passion. He has been doing this for 6 years. I think he has been wrong for 6 years. Let me say something. There is a reason I am not talking about eye sur-gery on the floor: I don’t know any-thing about it. You are talking about legal concepts you clearly don’t know anything about. You are fighting a crime; I am fighting a war. If it were up to Senator P
AUL, there would be no difference between a criminal and a warrior. Radical Islam in the form of ISIS is not trying to steal your car or break into your house; they are trying to destroy your way of life. So if you believe we are at war, as I do, we should apply the law of war. For 33 years, I was a military lawyer, a prosecutor, a defense attorney, and a military judge. I think I know the dif-ference between fighting a crime and fighting a war. When it comes to fight-ing a war, if you capture somebody who is part of the enemy force, the last thing we worry about is how to try them. We want to hold them under the law of war to gather intelligence, to make sure we understand what this person knows about any enemy oper-ations. We had 450,000 German and Japanese prisoners in the United States. Guess what. Not one of them had a lawyer. If you had said what he just said, in World War II, they would have run you out of town. Most Americans would find it odd that a Japanese or German prisoner of war would be entitled to a lawyer under the Bill of Rights because they are not. We are fighting a war, and I would like to win the war sooner rather than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.016 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3740 June 12, 2018 
later. When it comes to killing the enemy, that is part of war. But if you are lucky enough, clever enough to capture one of these bad guys, the last thing I want them to hear is ‘‘You have a right to a lawyer.’’ You don’t. Under military law, no enemy prisoner has a right to a lawyer. You are talking about fighting a crime; I am talking about fighting a war. There are 44 people in Gitmo who have been held for over a decade who will never see the light of day because they are part of the enemy force. They have had due process under the law of war, and they are too dangerous to let go. They are not going to be tried in Federal court and they are not going to be tried by military commission be-cause they are too dangerous to let go. And we have no interest in a trial; we have an interest in keeping them off the battlefield. They will die in jail without a trial. That is what happens when you join al-Qaida or ISIS—you can get killed, or you can die in jail. So if you are an American citizen thinking about join-ing ISIS, don’t. You are not going to be captured because of the color of your skin or your religion or your political views; you will be captured because you turned on your own country. In every war we have ever had, Amer-ican citizens have unfortunately sided with the enemy. Guess what ISIS is trying to do as I speak. They are trying to recruit people in our own backyard. How many people have bought the propaganda over the internet? The two guys in Boston—one of them had per-manent status. They bought into this crazy construct that you have to kill everybody in the name of religion. The guy who ran over the folks in New York—all these people have one thing in common: They were radicalized by the enemy, and they became soldiers of the caliphate. So here is what I am trying to say: It is not my view of the Constitution that I want you to look at; it is what the Supreme Court has said. Ex Parte Quirin—a 1942 case—in-volved capturing German saboteurs in Long Island. The last time I checked, Long Island, NY, is part of the United States. You had American citizens col-laborating with the enemy. They were captured as a group. The American citizens were tried by military com-mission, and one of them was executed. Why? Because under the law of war, once you join the enemy, your Amer-ican citizenship doesn’t protect you from the consequence of your act. In re Quirin said: Citizenship in the United States of an enemy belligerent does not relieve him from the con-sequences of belligerency which is un-lawful because [it is] in violation of law of war. In 2009, an American citizen captured in Afghanistan was fighting for the Taliban. There is no bar to this Na-tion’s holding one of its own citizens as an enemy combatant. For those who understand the law of war, this is one of the timeless concepts. He is trying to turn the war into a crime. I agree with Senator P
AUL—if you are charged with a crime, you can’t be held indefinitely and ques-tioned without legal representation be-cause you are being accused of a crime, and you have rights as a criminal de-fendant. When you become an enemy combatant, you have rights under the law of war, and there is no right for an enemy prisoner to be given a lawyer. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, regular order. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ob-ject. I have so much more to offer, but I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Kentucky. Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I think it is important to listen to what you heard and analyze what you heard be-cause apparently, if you are defined as an enemy combatant, it would be OK not to have a trial and not to have a lawyer. You wouldn’t be presumed in-nocent; you would be presumed guilty. But the question you have to ask is, Who gets to define the enemy combat-ant? If the government gets to define you as an enemy combatant, is it not conceivable that you could be an enemy combatant because you are a minority either of skin color or of ide-ology? Has it happened in the past? The Japanese citizens were a minority, but there was no evidence—no one pre-sented any evidence that they were a threat or had done anything wrong. The Non-Detention Act attempted to fix this. There were people like this back in the time of World War II. There are people like this in every war, peo-ple who are frightened of those who would attack us, so they want to give up the Constitution to make it simpler to get to guilt. You don’t have to have a trial; you just proclaim people guilty. If you proclaim someone an enemy combatant, there will be no trial, but it begs the question: Who gets to de-cide? Are we going to let one person de-cide, or are we going to have a jury? Imagine how important this is to our country. We should be alarmed that there are people trying to prevent a trial by jury in our country. It hasn’t been used so far, thankfully. We have actually 386 times taken terrible, awful, rotten people who have tried to attack us, and we tried them in courts with juries. We presumed they were in-nocent. We found them guilty, and we punished them. See, the problem isn’t about how ter-rible terrorists are or terrorism is. Murderers are equally as bad. We had somebody go in a nightclub in Orlando and kill 125 people. He is as evil as any terrorist out there. Yet he will get a trial, not because anybody condones what he did, not because anybody doesn’t want to punish him, but we will give him a trial because it is part of who we are. It is part of America to have trials. You will short-circuit America, you will short-circuit American history if you get rid of a trial by jury, if you get rid of presumption of innocence. It doesn’t mean we have any sympathy for the guilty, but we have to make sure we get the guilty. We can’t just prosecute people because they have brown skin, because they have black skin, because we don’t like the way they act or we don’t like their religion. That is what becomes of a country that doesn’t have trials. Look around the world. There are countries that don’t have trials. That is not who we are. We cannot be so frightened of terrorism that we are going to presume guilt and have no trials. It will end up in tyr-anny. So I ask again and again—and I won’t ask it now because the Senator from South Carolina has left, but I ask again and again, will this body not allow a vote? This isn’t even about his voting no; it is about his objecting to even the democratic process of the Senate al-lowing a vote. So America needs to know there is one opponent in the Senate who does not believe in the Bill of Rights. When he declares you an enemy combatant, you don’t get the Fifth or Sixth Amendments. That is what this is about. I am happy if he wants to go home and defend that, but this is a very important debate and should not end here. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I rise to speak on the NDAA bill that is before us today. I think most people know that we have been engaged in some tariff dis-cussions with other countries through the administration. We have a trade act of 1974 and one of 1962 that have laid out provisions as to how we would go about dealing with tariffs. In sec-tion 232 there is a place which states that the President of the United States can declare something a national secu-rity issue. When he does that, it keeps him from having to go through the nor-mal process that one goes through in dealing with tariffs. Typically, when the President choos-es a section of the trade act, he has to go through a process. When he decides that he wants to put a tariff in place on another country, he has to go to the ITC or some other entity to show that, somehow or another, the United States has been harmed as the reason that he would be putting tariffs in place. What our President has chosen to do in recent times is to declare that al-most everything that he is dealing with relative to tariffs is a national se-curity issue. When he does that, it means that he does not have to lay down grounds for having done that. He can just determine that it is in our na-tional security interests to put in place tariffs on other countries, whether it is automobiles, whether it is steel, whether it is aluminum, or whether it is some other issue. He can just wake up one morning, without going through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.018 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3741 June 12, 2018 
any of those processes, and decide that, on national security grounds, he is going to put tariffs in place. Article I of the Constitution declares that Congress is the determiner on tar-iffs. Congress, per the Constitution, has been charged with the ability—actu-ally, the responsibility—to deal with tariffs and to deal with revenues. It is the responsibility of the Congress. Because I have been somewhat con-cerned that we are using this national security issue just as an ordinary course of business, I have offered an amendment to deal with that, since this is a national security bill, which says that the President can continue to deal with these other countries and he can continue to try to work through trade agreements, but, at the end of the day, if he actually decides to put tariffs in place, he would have to come to Congress to get an up-or-down vote. Because we don’t want to slow the administration’s ability down too much in this regard, we have actually put in this amendment an expedited process so the President would know that we are not going to drag this out forever, so that when he comes to a conclusion, we will have acted on it in a timely fashion. I have done this for another reason; that is, if we as a country begin claim-ing that every single item is a national security issue, other countries will do the same. What they can then do is to avoid the processes that take place generally in international organiza-tions to have to prove that, somehow or another, their country has been damaged. If we use the national secu-rity issue to put tariffs on automobiles, for instance, then, all of a sudden, an-other country can do the same. My amendment, by the way, is sup-ported by 17 Senators. It is supported by Senators on both sides of the aisle. Taking myself out of it, these are Sen-ators who are very well respected, with a wide range of ideologies. As a matter of fact, this probably is the most co-sponsored amendment that has been put forward. I have been really proud to be able to work with Senators who care deeply about the Nation. They care about us economically. They just want to make sure that we as a Congress perform our appropriate roles, making sure that if a tariff is going to be put in place under this very unusual waiver—which has never in the history of our country been used as it is now being used by this current President—then we have the ability to at least have a say in this. It is not unlike the President going to Singapore and meeting with Kim Jong Un. What they have told us is that they are going to negotiate through a process that, hopefully, will cause them to be denuclearized. But when they complete that process, they plan to bring that to the U.S. Senate to have us ratify a treaty. They have been very clear about it. So it is exactly that same kind of process, except in this case it is even more our responsi-bility to make sure that if we are going to tariff people under this unusual sec-tion, we vote up or down. So I am going to call up this amend-ment. I appreciate the way the chair-man of the committee has worked with me. I know there has been a lot of re-sistance to our having a vote on this amendment. I don’t know why that is the case. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 2372 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to the im-mediate consideration of Calendar No. 301, H.R. 2372; that the text of H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, be offered as an amendment, considered, and agreed to; that H.R. 2372, as amended, be con-sidered original text for the purpose of further amendment; that the text of Inhofe-McCain No. 2282, as modified, be made pending as a substitute to the text of H.R. 2372, as amended; that McConnell-Toomey No. 2700 be made pending to Inhofe-McCain No. 2282, as modified; that Reed-Warren No. 2756 be made pending as an amendment to Toomey No. 2700 and that Toomey No. 2700 be set aside; that Corker amend-ment No. 2381, as modified with changes at the desk, be made pending to amendment No. 2282; that Lee No. 2366 be made pending as an amendment to the language proposed to be stricken by Inhofe-McCain No. 2282; and that the Senate vote on the Corker amend-ment at 4 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, we just heard a very lengthy explanation of an amend-ment that no one had seen until about an hour ago—at least I don’t know of anyone who has. I think the Senator from Tennessee has every right to do what he can to get his amendment heard, and there are opportunities other than the De-fense Authorization bill. One of the problems—and I have worked on these Defense authorization bills for years and years—decades—is that they know it is going to pass. It has passed for 57 consecutive years. So a lot of people who want to put in things that are non-germane and very often controversial want to put them on that because they know it is going to pass. Senator C
ORKER ’s is not the only amendment that is a problem amend-ment for this. There are two other non-germane amendments, one by Senator L
EEand one by Senator P AUL. They say: If I don’t get a vote on my amend-ment, then I am going to stop all other amendments from coming up, so no-body gets to have an amendment. At the same time that they are say-ing that about the Paul amendment and the Lee amendment, we have other Members, such as Senator G
RASSLEY  and Senator G
RAHAM , who are both saying: We are going to make sure you don’t get a vote on that. So, whatever the case is, you have opposing parties saying: If you get a vote on something I disagree with, I am going to stop all amendments from coming forth. In a way, they can do that, and I can see that happening right now. I would ask my friend—because I am going to object; I am going to object not just because of the underlying bill but because it is an amendment that changes the underlying bill. I have had occasion to talk to two Members of the House who will be part of our conference committee, who strenuously object, not so much to the content of the amendment but to the fact that this is being put on. It will force the House to go back in and re-consider their bill, according to our friend who just advised us of that. So I don’t want to do anything that is going to either jeopardize or delay the pas-sage of the Defense authorization bill. I just got back from Afghanistan, Ku-wait, and places all over the world where our troops are, and they all know that this is the week that help is on its way. We have suffered in this Chamber for the last 10 years. During the Obama ad-ministration—I don’t say this in a neg-ative way about him, but I will say that he didn’t have a strong national defense as a top priority, and he had a policy in which he said: We can’t do anything about sequestration in de-fense unless we do the same thing for the nondefense programs. What does that tell you? It tells you there is no priority for defending America. That is not what our Con-stitution says. That should be a pri-ority. As a result, we have a lot of systems that have gone down. As General Dunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said: We are losing our com-petitive edge. We are losing it. Actu-ally, he said that 2 years ago, so we have lost it in some areas. Artillery is a good example. Right now, artillery is measured by two means—one by rapid fire and one by range. Both China and Russia now have better artillery than we have in the United States. Most people don’t be-lieve that. They don’t know what has happened to our military. Hypersonic is the new weapon that operates at five times the speed of sound. This is something we have been working on. We are racing against our peer competitors—China and Russia— and they are ahead of us. They are ahead of us in the area of the nuclear triad. We haven’t done anything to our nuclear program in the last 10 years, and they are ahead of us. So all these things are happening. The troops know it is out there. They know their pay raise is in this bill. They know their benefits are in this bill. They know it is a good bill. It should pass unanimously in the U.S. Senate. But if you start putting some-thing on it that, No. 1, doesn’t belong on it in terms of germaneness, and, No. 2, is going to cause a pause that could be detrimental to our fighting troops 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.020 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3742 June 12, 2018 
and for getting the bill done, then I wouldn’t want to do that. So I would like to join Senator C
ORKER in finding another bill. I will do all I can to help him to get that on as an amendment, but not to the De-fense authorization bill. I think this would cause a lot of damage. The House agrees with this. I can’t let that happen. For that reason, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I am going to make a few comments here. I thank Senator I
NHOFE through the Presiding Officer for working with me. I realize there is a lot happening here, and I know he is conducting to the best of his ability the progression of this bill. I will just leave it at that. Mr. President, I was asked to find a solution to this blue-slip issue, and I found one that is used as customarily as waking up in the morning and drinking a cup of coffee. It happens all the time. This in no way has any effect on our ability to pass the NDAA in a timely fashion, but I am in no way countering the person who just spoke. I am not, and he knows I am not. I am going to speak to a larger issue, but before I do, I want to point out that the NDAA usually passes each year in November or December. It usu-ally doesn’t pass in June. So even if there were something that needed to be worked out, we would be way ahead of schedule in dealing with this as we are between now and August. But if I could, the germaneness of these bills has nothing whatsoever to do with our ability to offer amend-ments—nothing. That is something that happens postcloture. For the last year and a half, under Leader M
CCONNELL , we have had one amendment vote—one amendment vote—and that amendment wasn’t even really an amendment. It was a chair-man who was controlling his own bill and asking if he could substitute his own amendment. So it really wasn’t even a real amendment vote. We have been here a year and a half, and because Senators—U.S. Senators who are elected by the people in their States—don’t want to cast a tough vote, they block everybody from vot-ing. I have no idea why R
ANDPAULcan-not get a vote on his amendment. It is ridiculous. He has been trying to get a vote on it for years—years—and we have blocked it. Why is that? For the record, I want to say that I have held amendments this morning until we could work out the solution. I am not holding any amendments— none, zero. I am holding no one’s amendment. But we, as Senators, are worried somehow that, gosh al-mighty—I heard the senior Senator from Texas saying the other day: Gosh, we might upset the President. We might upset the President of the United States before the midterms. Gosh, we can’t vote on the Corker amendment because we are taking— rightly so—the responsibilities that we have to deal with tariffs and revenues; we can’t do that because we would be upsetting the President of the United States. I can’t believe it. I would bet that 95 percent of the people on this side of the aisle intellec-tually support this amendment. I would bet that. I would bet it is higher than 95 percent, and a lot of them would vote for it if it came to a vote. But, no, no, no, gosh, we might poke the bear. That is the language I have been hearing in the hallways. We might poke the bear. The President might get upset with us, as U.S. Senators, if we vote on the Corker amendment, so we are going to do everything we can to block it. If people don’t like it, they can vote up or down. But, no, the U.S. Senate right now, on June 12, is becoming a body that says: Well, we will do what we can do, but, my gosh, if the Presi-dent gets upset with us, then we might not be in the majority. So let’s not do anything that might upset the Presi-dent. Look, I am in no way upset with my friend from Oklahoma. I am not. I un-derstand he is doing his job, and he is actually filling in, in a wonderful way, for Senator MCCAIN, who happens to be ill at home—someone we all love. Look, I know there is not going to be a vote on this amendment. I know it. I am not about to hold up somebody else’s amendment from being voted on. I know every ounce of power possible is going to be used to keep from voting on this amendment because, well, my gosh, the President might not like it; therefore, we as Senators might be of-fending someone, by the way, just by voting on an amendment—voting on an amendment, up or down, and deciding whether we, in fact, want to assert some responsibility over a process of tariffing, where we wake up, ready, fire, aim. Well, let’s change this. Ready, fire, aim—that is the process that is under way on these tariffs. I haven’t heard of a single Senator on our side who hasn’t expressed concern to the President directly about what is happening with tariffs. Our farm folks are worried about NAFTA. Our auto manufacturers are worried about Can-ada and Mexico and what is happening in Europe. Our steel and aluminum folks are concerned. I haven’t heard of a person who hasn’t had some degree of concern. All my amendment would do is say: Look, Mr. President, you go ne-gotiate, but when you are finished, come back, and as Senators and as House Members, let us vote up or down. I understand what is happening. If I came up with another solution, there would be some objection, and my friend knows that. There is going to be an ob-jection. Hell, if we named this—no matter what, there is going to be an objection to this vote because people are concerned on this side of the aisle— some people, not everybody. We have some great cosponsors who want to as-sume our responsibilities. We have a lot of great cosponsors who understand that we are abdicating our responsibil-ities if we let the President of the United States use a national security section 232 on every single tariff he is putting in place and not have to think about why he is doing it and not have to justify why he is doing it. They know that is a problem, and some of the most respected Senators we have on both sides of the aisle have signed on, but I know there is a minority of people here who do not want us to take up issues of debate and responsibility in the U.S. Senate. I know that no matter what I do, this is going to be objected to. I am not going to object to RAND PAUL having an amendment, M
IKELEEhaving an amendment, T
OOMEY having an amend-ment, or people on the other side of the aisle. I am disappointed at where we are in the U.S. Senate today. We have had one amendment vote in a year and a half because this same cycle occurs every time someone wants to bring something up. I in no way take this out on my friend from Oklahoma. I realize he is doing a job; I realize he has been asked to block this. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I have been listening to the debate, and I wish this debate would go on, on a regular basis, in the U.S. Senate. I think it is healthy. I wish there were a process in place today so that every single amendment brought up could have this type of discussion and debate and those proposals could actually be amended on the floor of the Senate to improve them. I will share with you that I thought what our friend from Tennessee was trying to do was an honest attempt to bring back to Congress section 1 or ar-ticle I responsibilities that we have, over a period of years, allowed to be delegated to the executive branch. I also shared with the Senator that while the debate was a very healthy one, I felt at this stage of the game that it probably would not, in its cur-rent form, be appropriate and that the President was already acting on these tariffs. I thought that I probably could not support his bill, but I thought he should have an opportunity in this process to have the debate. Let me now share that what the chairman—or the ranking member, who is acting as the chairman in this particular case—is doing is protecting the National Defense Authorization Act and making it as viable as possible in the long term to survive in both the House and the Senate. For those who are wondering what we are talking about in a nebulous sort of way, what Senator C
ORKER had tried to do was to have a debate about whether the tariffs that the President had pro-posed for national defense purposes under a 1962 law were appropriately de-termined to be a national security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.022 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3743 June 12, 2018 
threat. That was the language Con-gress had delivered to the President. The President has made his choice, and there are a number of Members who feel that while they support the President, they think he has over-stepped with regard to whether they were actually of national security im-portance. Senator C
ORKER wanted to have that discussion, and I agreed he should be able to have that discussion. However, I had shared with him that I thought it needed to be in different order and that he was making it too tough for the executive branch to suc-ceed with the numbers he had pro-posed. He wanted a 60-vote margin for the Senate to proceed. That is the way, though, he was going to introduce it. I was prepared to vote on it and, hopefully, win in an honest debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate with those arguments, but in doing so, I also learned, as the chairman has shared, that the House had sent over a bill to us. We were on the House bill. In order to get, in this particular case, a vote on this particular topic, the Senator from Tennessee, in a very innovative way and one that normally would be used earlier in the process where every-one had the opportunity to recognize it, would have to change the under-lying bill. In changing the underlying bill, it would have to go back to the House, and they would have to revote on the bill once again. Doing so puts this very important bill in jeopardy. As a Member who has been here only for 3 years, I understand that is not always the easiest thing do. I wish to thank our Chairman for making what is a very hard decision and stepping up to protect the National Defense Authorization Act because of everything else that is in it, while at the same time I will commit the same as the chairman has committed, in this particular case, to Senator C
ORKER  that his item of discussion, which is the appropriate use of tariffs for na-tional defense purposes, is a healthy debate to have, and it should be had in such a fashion that amendments could be offered on the floor of the Senate, and a very straightforward debate could then determine the fate of that legislation on its own and not in con-nection with the NDAA. For that purpose, I simply wish to say that what I think the American people have seen here today is, No. 1, our commitment to making certain that the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act moves forward because it is critical every single year that we im-prove our ability to defend our coun-try, while at the same time making a very hard decision, which the chairman did today, to suggest that even though we all want to have a debate on this particular issue, unfortunately, this bill is not the place to do it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first of all, I appreciate the comments by the Senator from South Dakota. I think the point is, this is the most important bill of the year. I want to make only a couple of com-ments, and I was hoping to make these comments while the Senator from Ten-nessee was still here. One is that I have a disagreement because he mentioned that this bill—the most important bill of the year—is very often not consid-ered until November or December. The absolute deadline is the end of Decem-ber. I can remember getting within 2 or 3 days of that deadline in the past, and, if that happened, then our flyers wouldn’t get flight pay or there would no longer be any hazard pay. There were a lot of things we would have to give up that we couldn’t afford to give up. We made a commitment—and it wasn’t just me by myself; it was with the Senator from Rhode Island, who is handling the bill on the Democratic side—that we wanted to have amend-ments. We preferred not to have non-germane amendments, and that would be my goal, if I am around here next year when we do this, to lay ground-work so that we don’t have non-germane amendments. As I said, this is a bill that will pass. Normally, for things that don’t pass any other way, if they can get them on as amendments, they can get them passed. We have the same situation hap-pening right now, not just with Sen-ator CORKER but also with Senator R
ANDPAULand the Senator from Utah. That wasn’t going to work either way. The problem I had with Senator C
ORKER ’s change was it was a very long change that changed the underlying bill, and, as was pointed out by the Senator from South Dakota, that would mean we would have to go back over to the House. I don’t feel com-fortable doing that when we have all of those kids out there who are looking at pay raises and wondering what is really happening in Washington. Is there real-ly not the support we anticipated that they all had? I am sincere when I say this; he isn’t here now, but I said it when he was here. If Senator C
ORKER wants to get this done, and I know he does, I will help him. We have a lot of time to find another bill that might be more ger-mane, but it would not be on this bill that we really can’t afford to jeop-ardize. I feel strongly about that. We were attempting to help him get a vote initially, and then, when he changed the underlying bill, that meant we would have to go back to everyone. He mentioned his coauthors, and we don’t know how many of those coauthors would still be supporting his amend-ment if they knew it was changing the underlying bill. Those are the problems we have here, and I think we want to get on with, as rapidly as possible, getting these amendments opened up so that people can vote on the amendments and hope-fully get the bill done this week. I don’t know if it will be this week or not. Senator CORKER was also implying we are doing something for this Presi-dent with this amendment, and I wish to remind everyone of the fact that there are several things the Presi-dent—our new President—had in mind. He wanted to privatize air traffic con-trol. I almost singlehandedly stopped that, and that was one of his main ob-jectives. Also, he wanted to have a BRAC round in this bill that is on the floor now, and we stopped that. Many of the provisions that he wanted we have taken out of the bill. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). The Senator from Min-nesota. 
STOP ACT  
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I am here to talk about net neutrality. First, though, I wish to commend the Presiding Officer for the agreement we have made on the STOP Act. He is the lead sponsor, and I am the lead Demo-crat on the bill that will really get at these drugs, like fentanyl, that can kill someone with just a grain-of-salt amount of it, which have been coming in from China and other places through our own Postal Service, which is out-rageous for Americans. We have val-iantly worked on this bill, and the Sen-ator has worked out an agreement with Senator H
ATCH and Senator W YDEN on the Finance Committee. I want to com-mend him for that. We are excited the bill is moving forward. Mr. President, I also want to mention another completely separate issue as we debate the NDAA, which is the issue of the Secure Elections Act that Sen-ator L
ANKFORD and I have put on as an amendment to this bill. Let me remind my colleagues that we are approaching a different kind of warfare; that is, cyber warfare. It is certainly what we saw during the last election, but we have seen it in the area of business—in attacks on some of our major businesses in our own coun-try—and, of course, we have seen it in elections, as well, with Russia attempt-ing to hack into the election systems of 21 States. What this bill does is make it easier for local elected officials to get the in-formation in realtime when hacks that they may not know about are going on in other States and to have the classi-fied information they need by getting the security clearance they need to protect their own election system. We have worked with the secretaries of state all over the country on this. Sen-ator B
URR, Senator W ARNER , the heads of the Intelligence Committee, support this bill. I also thank Senator L
INDSEY GRA-
HAM and Senator K AMALA HARRIS , who worked with us on the bill, and we are asking to get it on as an amendment to the Defense Act with the simple idea that warfare isn’t the same as it was 50 years ago or 20 years ago or 10 years ago or even 5 years ago. Things are changing, and our laws need to be as sophisticated, the protection of our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.023 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3744 June 12, 2018 
country needs to be as sophisticated as those who are trying to do us harm. We are hopeful that we will be able to reach an agreement on this, given that the Intelligence Committee has held numerous hearings about election secu-rity, as has Homeland Security, as has Judiciary. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. President, today, I am here in op-position to the Federal Communica-tions Commission’s action on Monday to repeal net neutrality protections. Net neutrality is the bedrock of a fast, fair, open, global internet. It holds internet service providers accountable for providing the internet access con-sumers expect while protecting innova-tion and competition. These protections have worked and are part of the reason the internet has become one of the great American suc-cess stories, transforming not only how we communicate with friends and fam-ily but also the way companies do busi-ness, how consumers buy goods, and how we educate our kids. Earlier this year, the FCC approved Chairman Pai’s plan to eliminate net neutrality rules. Yesterday, the final rollback of net neutrality went through. The FCC has now given major internet service providers the ability to significantly change consumers’ ex-periences online. Big internet service providers now have the ability to block, slow, and prioritize web traffic for their own financial gain. This means they can sort online traffic into fast or slow lanes and charge con-sumers extra for high-speed internet. Internet service providers can even block content they don’t want their subscribers to access. The only protec-tions that are maintained are require-ments for service providers to disclose their internet traffic policies. A lot of good that will do if, in like the State of Minnesota, you have significant rural areas where there is no real oppor-tunity to comparison shop or find a new provider. If you only have one pro-vider to go to, it has a virtual monop-oly over your internet service. According to the FCC, more than 24 million Americans still lack high-speed broadband. We should be focusing our efforts on helping these households get connected, not eliminating net neu-trality and worsening the digital di-vide. You can always pay for high- speed access. You can pay for it no matter where you live. You can run lines to your house if you are in a re-mote area—lines that will cost mil-lions of dollars. But that is not what they have done in other developed countries. No, they have seen it as a virtue, as part of a democracy, that ev-eryone should have access to the inter-net and that it is part of what makes an economy work. You don’t leave peo-ple behind if they don’t have the money by themselves to afford to run lines all the way to their homes. This isn’t only about individual internet users. It will limit competi-tion, and it will hurt small business en-trepreneurship and innovation, which has always been at the heart of the American economy. Without unre-stricted access to the internet, entre-preneurs may be forced to pay to have an equal footing so as to be able to compete online, rather than to focus on growing their businesses. When you talk to small companies— to some of the startups we have seen out there, some of the companies that young people have started—and you ask them: How do you break into the market when you have a big guy out there who has millions and millions and billions and billions of dollars and a multinational presence if you are trying to sell baby clothes or if you are trying to have a new digital service, they tell you: It is online. They break in because they can compete by getting customers online. Guess what. If they start having to pay huge amounts of money to get that access online in order to compete with the big compa-nies that, of course, can already pay for that and can already afford that, you are going to have a problem, and you are going to defeat the very idea of entrepreneurship. Small businesses that are unable to pay for access to faster internet service may soon find themselves struggling to compete from the slow lane. Repealing net neutrality will hurt the very people who are creating jobs and keeping our economy competitive. That is why I joined my colleagues to force a vote last month on Senator M
ARKEY ’s bill to repeal Chairman Pai’s plan and rein-state net neutrality rules. This bill re-ceived bipartisan support and was passed by the Senate—in this very room. Now it is up to the House to do the same. The internet should remain free and open for all who use it. So the fight to save net neutrality is far from over. I have joined Senate Democrats in urging Speaker R
YAN to immediately schedule a vote on the bill to save net neutrality protections. They can do this. To keep the pressure on, it will take all of us, working together—pri-vate sector partners, business, small business, nonprofit advocates—to tell our government officials at the local, State, and Federal levels to take that good vote in the Senate as a sign that it is time to change the policy. The way you do that, of course, is with a vote over in the House of Representa-tives. At least allow a vote. The fight to protect net neutrality is far from over, and we need to make our voices heard for all of the American consumers, entrepreneurs, and innovators who rely on a free and open internet. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to urge my colleagues to join me in voting for a bipartisan amendment, No. 2294, the Military Justice Improve-ment Act. It will fix our broken mili-tary justice system. I believe our servicemembers deserve a military justice system that is wor-thy of their sacrifice. That means one that is both professional and fair. I think every one of my colleagues in this Chamber agrees that this is a pri-ority, no matter where you are from and no matter your background. Some of my newer colleagues may be less fa-miliar with this issue. So I am going to tell them what I am talking about. We all deeply revere our servicemem-bers, which means it is not easy to talk about problems within an institution that we treasure so greatly in this country. The fact is that the military has a problem with sexual assault. It is pervasive, it is destroying lives, and it has been going on for years. Listen to these most disturbing num-bers. Since we first introduced this bill 5 years ago, the number of cases that commanders have moved forward has decreased despite an increased number of reports. In fiscal year 2013, 484 cases proceeded to trial, and in fiscal year 2017, only 406 cases proceeded to trial. It is estimated that there were close to 15,000 cases of military sexual assault in 2016. That doesn’t even include spouses and civilians in that estimate. It is just an estimate of servicemem-bers. In a survey of Afghanistan and Iraq veterans—and supported by the Department of Defense’s own data—7 out of 10 military sexual assault sur-vivors said they had experienced retal-iation or other negative behaviors be-cause they had reported the crimes, and 14 percent of survivors declined even to participate in the justice proc-ess after their reporting. That is how little confidence they have in this cur-rent system. This is after years of our committee’s working with the Defense Department to fix this problem. I think we have passed every small-ball, incremental reform anybody has been willing to agree on, and it hasn’t made a dif-ference. This is even after every Sec-retary of Defense since Dick Cheney was Secretary of Defense has said there will be zero tolerance for sexual assault in the military. Almost nothing has changed. Listen to these stories. In one case, a woman was raped by a servicemember. She went to the hos-pital. She told a friend. An investiga-tion then started. During the inves-tigation, two more victims came for-ward to tell their stories. They said they had been raped by the very same servicemember. The military inves-tigative team—the military police— recommended that the case proceed to a court-martial, but because of the way our military justice system works today, a military commander was in charge of the case, not a trained mili-tary prosecutor. That commander chose just to discharge the perpe-trator—to send him right into the ci-vilian world with no trial, with no court-martial, with no record. Not only were those servicemembers who were violently assaulted denied justice, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.024 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3745 June 12, 2018 
a serial predator was also released into the general public. That is not right. Listen to another case of a former marine who was working as an Air Force civilian. She was from a military family with Army and Navy veterans. She was proud to serve and loved to support the camaraderie, but she was abused by her own immediate com-mander, who had direct power over her in the chain of command. She tried to seek justice, but, once again, a mili-tary commander was in charge of the case, not a trained military prosecutor who understands these kinds of cases and understands criminal justice. De-spite overwhelming evidence, including text messages, physical evidence, and eyewitnesses, the perpetrator was al-lowed to retire without bearing any fi-nancial penalty, without there being any charges, and with a full military pension. My office hears all the time from women and men who have been raped in the military, who have been abused, who have been stalked, who have been retaliated against. It is an epidemic, and it is not improving. Listen to the most recent headline from USA Today: ‘‘Marine Corps gen-eral fired for calling sexual harassment claims ‘fake news.’’’ The Navy Times reads: ‘‘Officer ac-cused of patronizing prostitutes worked in the sex assault prevention office while awaiting court-martial.’’ The Stars and Stripes reads: ‘‘Fort Benning drill sergeants suspended amid sexual assault allegations.’’ USA Today reads: ‘‘Bad Santa: Navy’s top admiral kept spokesman after boozy party, sexual predator warning.’’ Another from the same paper reads: ‘‘Senior military officials sanctioned for more than 500 cases of serious mis-conduct.’’ The AP reads: ‘‘Pentagon misled law-makers on military sexual assault cases.’’ These are just the recent headlines. There is a pattern here. Our military justice system is bro-ken, and the Pentagon is not being forthright about this problem. Yet Congress is still hesitating. Congress is still refusing to put trained military prosecutors in charge of these cases. This has to end. Congress has to step in. It has to do its job. Our job is to provide oversight and accountability over the administration and over the Department of Defense on this very issue. We have the responsibility to en-sure that military justice is possible for survivors in the military. It shouldn’t matter if the perpetrator has skills that the commander needs. It shouldn’t matter if he happens to be buddies with the commander. What should matter is whether there is evi-dence that a serious crime has been committed. That should be the deter-mining factor of whether these cases go forward to trial. We need to pass the Military Justice Improvement Act. This legislation is as bipartisan as it gets. It is supported by conservative Republicans and liberal Democrats alike and plenty in be-tween. It has the support of some of the biggest veterans’ organizations, women’s organizations, and legal orga-nizations. There is good reason for this in that the bipartisan bill we have put together would ensure that the sur-vivors of these heinous crimes and the alleged perpetrators of these crimes will all be afforded due process—the due process they are entitled to under the U.S. Constitution. The bill in no way exceeds a com-mander’s ability to take action for military-specific crimes, like when a soldier goes AWOL. What it would do is to take the prosecutions of sexual as-sault and other serious crimes—serious violent felonies—out of the chain of command and put them in the hands of trained military prosecutors, who actu-ally understand how to deal with seri-ous crimes. This would allow our sur-vivors—men and women who sacrifice everything for this country—to have the basic right to civil liberty and jus-tice. This bill would also professionalize the military. It would make sure that all people, every servicemember—men, women, Black, White, gay, straight— will not be subjected to biased judg-ments and will actually have the ben-efit of having trained prosecutors look at the evidence. Sadly, according to a report that came out recently, in all four of the services—Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines—Black servicemembers are more likely to be court-martialed than are White servicemembers. This is unacceptable. This bill would help to alleviate some of the unfairness in the current system by having trained prosecutors make those judgments based solely on evi-dence. Our commanders have a tough enough job in defending our country. So we should let these trained prosecu-tors do their jobs and make the right decisions based on the evidence alone. We can only make this change if we pass this amendment. I urge all of my colleagues to look at this bill—to look at it anew—and to look at the fact that we have not im-proved our rate of cases that actually go to court-martial and our rate of convictions, even though more are re-ported. It is a huge problem. I promise you. Every year, we have this excuse: Let the reforms take more time to work. OK, well, it has been 5 years, and this has had a spotlight on it. If the commanders cannot put more cases forward for court-martial and if the cases can’t result in more convictions, we are not doing it right. We are fail-ing the men and women who will die for this country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, first of all, let me state how much I appreciate the passion the Senator from New York has on this issue. She has been so out-spoken on this in committee, and I think most of us agree that there are problems out there that need to be ad-dressed. In 2014, a congressionally mandated, independent panel of experts deter-mined that there is no evidence that removing the authority to convene courts martial from commanders would reduce the incidence of sexual assault, increase reporting of sexual assaults, or improve the quality of investiga-tions and prosecutions in sexual as-sault cases in the Armed Forces. The Department of Defense opposes this amendment on the grounds that doing so will endanger military readi-ness and combat effectiveness without promoting the goal of eliminating sex-ual assault. I don’t know what the intentions of the Senator from New York are on this amendment, but in all fairness, I have to state that I will be opposing it. We did consider this in committee, and I have never seen a stronger advocate for a cause or an amendment than the Sen-ator from New York. For some of us who have been in military service—I do have a problem with taking away the authority that has always historically been with the commander and feel that would not be to the benefit of the over-all system. Two years ago, Congress passed ex-tensive military justice reform, which will come into effect next year. I think that is correct. Rather than imposing additional reforms, I think we ought to allow the DOD to work on imple-menting the previous legislation to see if that resolves some of the problems that are articulated very effectively by the Senator from New York. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, when we took up tax reform, we had one goal, and that was to make life better for hard-working Americans. That in-volved a couple of things. For starters, it involved putting more money in Americans’ pockets right away by cut-ting their taxes, and Americans are al-ready seeing the tax relief we passed in their paychecks. But we knew that tax cuts, as helpful as they are, were not enough. We want-ed to make sure we created the kind of economy that would give American workers access to the jobs, wages, and opportunities that would set them up for security and prosperity in the long term. Since jobs and opportunities are created by businesses, that meant re-forming our Tax Code to improve the playing field for businesses so that they could improve the playing field for workers, and that is what we did. I am proud to report that it is work-ing. Since tax reform was passed, busi-ness after business has announced good news for workers: pay increases, bo-nuses, and better benefits, including in-creased retirement benefits, new and better education benefits, and en-hanced parental leave benefits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.026 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3746 June 12, 2018 
A recent survey from the National Association of Manufacturers reported that 77 percent of manufacturers plan to increase hiring as a result of tax re-form, 72 percent intend to increase wages or benefits, and 86 percent report that they plan to increase investments, which means new jobs and opportuni-ties for workers. Meanwhile, a recent survey from the National Federation of Independent Business reports that 75 percent of small business owners think that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will have a positive effect on their busi-nesses. A number of small businesses are in-creasing wages, and that has recently hit a record 35 percent. In April, for the first time since the Bureau of Labor Statistics began tracking the data, the number of job openings outnumbered the number of job seekers. For the first time since they started keeping track, the number of job openings is greater than the number of people who are ac-tually seeking employment. Mean-while, in May, unemployment dropped to its lowest level in 18 years, and wage growth increased at the fastest pace since July of 2009. In other words, it is a good day for American workers. There is nothing better than seeing opportunities im-prove for hard-working Americans. I am proud of the benefits the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is delivering for Amer-ican workers. I look forward to seeing this law produce even more benefits for workers in the future. Mr. President, if there is one thing that we tend to automatically rely on, it is the strength of our military. We are accustomed to having the best fighting force in the world and assum-ing we can meet every threat. But mili-tary strength doesn’t just spring up automatically; it has to be developed, and once developed, it has to be main-tained. But in recent years, we haven’t met this responsibility. While we have the very finest sol-diers in the world, they don’t always have the tools they need to defend our Nation. Budgetary impasses paired with increased operational demands have left our Armed Forces with man-power deficits and delayed the acquisi-tion of 21st-century weapons and equip-ment. Meanwhile, other major powers hostile to the United States have been building up their militaries. As a re-sult, our military advantage has been steadily eroding. In a 1793 address to Congress, Presi-dent Washington said: 
There is a rank due to the United States among nations which will be withheld, if not absolutely lost, by the reputation of weak-ness. If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it. If we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known that we are at all times ready for war. 
Ronald Reagan put it a little dif-ferently. He said: 
Well, to those who think strength provokes conflict, Will Rogers had his own answer. He said of the world heavyweight champion of his day, ‘‘I’ve never seen anyone insult Jack Dempsey.’’ There is no better way to secure peace than to make sure the U.S. mili-tary is the strongest, best equipped, most capable fighting force in the world. If we want to protect our Nation and promote peace around the world, it is imperative that we rebuild our mili-tary. Since President Trump’s election, Republicans have been working to re-verse the underfunding of our military and to restore our Nation’s fighting force. In March of this year, we arrived at a budget agreement that contained the largest year-to-year increase in de-fense spending in 15 years. The fiscal year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act, which we are con-sidering this week, is the next step in rebuilding our military. This bill in-vests in research and modernization to ensure that our men and women in uni-form will be equipped to meet 21st-cen-tury threats, including those posed by major powers. It reforms the outdated Officer Personnel Management System to improve career flexibility and merit- based advancement. It makes reforms to the civilian leadership structure at the Department of Defense to make it more agile, especially for hiring tech-nical talent. It implements measures to deter additional aggression from Russia and China—two of the biggest threats to the security and stability of the world in the 21st century. It pro-vides a 2.6-percent pay increase for our men and women in uniform—the larg-est pay increase for our servicemem-bers in nearly 10 years. I have offered a number of amend-ments to further the bill’s mission, in-cluding one to expedite the backlog of foreign military sales. This will sup-port the administration’s efforts to balance trade deficits, support domes-tic industry, and permit America’s se-curity partners to make greater invest-ments in their own capabilities. I am also working on an amendment to allow the Air Force to incorporate the B–21 bomber when determining cri-teria for training airspace require-ments. This will build off a report I se-cured in last year’s Defense Authoriza-tion Act on how to optimize training airspaces. My amendment will enable the Air Force to formally incorporate this future aircraft into its planning. I know the bill managers have a host of amendments before them, and I am hopeful that the Senate can come to an agreement and include many of those. If we want our Nation to be secure, if we want to promote peace and stability around the world, then we need to en-sure that our military is the strongest, best equipped fighting force in the world. This year’s National Defense Authorization Act will help our mili-tary regain its competitive edge and equip our men and women in uniform with the tools they need to meet and defeat the threats of the 21st century. I am grateful to Senator I
NHOFE for his leadership and to Senator M
CCAIN, who can’t be with us today but whose tireless work is reflected throughout this bill. I look forward to working with my colleagues to pass this legisla-tion this week and ultimately get this bill to the President so that the impor-tant work of defending this country can continue. I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. FLAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. Mr. DURBIN. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
2008 IOWA FLOODS  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, a very disastrous thing happened 10 years ago in Iowa. The whims of Moth-er Nature tested the State of Iowa 10 summers ago when deadly tornadoes, storms, and floods caused more than $10 billion in damage to communities, homes, and businesses. It caused a lot of distress. National disasters test the mettle of humanity by every measure. Iowans were tested in 2008. Unfortunately, parts of Iowa, like Mason City, are ex-periencing flooding once again, almost 10 years to the day. Ten years ago, 88 of our 99 counties were declared a natural disaster. Epic floods and EF5 tornadoes ripped holes through the center of many neighbor-hoods. Thanks to civic leadership and thanks to bootstrap mentality, tireless volunteers and members of the Na-tional Guard answered the call to sur-vive and thrive from the crisis. The ral-lying cry to rebuild and recover has driven a decades-long drive to restore and revitalize these Iowa communities hurt 10 years ago by these massive nat-ural disasters. It was a tough row to hoe. Orches-trating the massive cleanup is one thing; paying for it is another. Con-gress, as we often do for natural disas-ters, approved nearly $800 million in Federal block grants within the first year to help homeowners with restora-tion and buyout efforts. However, the wheels of the Federal bureaucracy too often are painstakingly restrictive to navigate. From Housing and Urban De-velopment to FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers, local residents got a firsthand taste of the Federal alpha-bet soup. When community leaders, businesses, and homeowners got mired in bureau-cratic molasses, I worked with our en-tire congressional delegation to take care of these immediate needs and to help develop long-term planning for the flood plain, such as levee improve-ments and flood protection systems to avert future catastrophes. In addition to directing Federal dis-aster assistance to recovery and re-building efforts, I wrote the Heartland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.027 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3747 June 12, 2018 
Disaster Tax Relief Act to give flood- ravaged homeowners and businesses a fresh start. Just as Congress acted to help victims from Hurricane Katrina in 2005, 3 years before the disaster in the Midwest, I made sure that midwestern-ers also received a much needed break similar to what we provided at Katrina time. Moving forward after a natural dis-aster isn’t easy. Volunteers affirmed Iowa’s treasured heritage of neighbor helping neighbor, rescuing residents and pets from flood-ravaged neighbor-hoods. Voters across the State voted on measures to help their communities re-build, and the State legislature passed laws to help areas mitigate against fu-ture disasters. City planners developed a strategy to revitalize their cities and towns. Recovery efforts stumbled along the way, to be sure. It takes time to see sunshine and rainbows after one of the State’s worst disasters in history. Col-laborating and finding consensus isn’t easy. In fact, governing isn’t easy. Despite the incalculable loss of per-sonal belongings, blended with the physical, emotional, and financial toll of starting over, the people of Iowa didn’t quit, and we are more resilient and better prepared now than we were before these disasters. However, work remains to be done. Working alongside civic and State leaders for the last decade, we have identified specific needs and places where redtape gets in the way to im-prove flood protection in local commu-nities. That is why I have worked with my sleeves rolled up alongside former Senator Tom Harkin and now Senator J
ONIERNST and the rest of the Iowa delegation to ensure local infrastruc-ture needs get up to snuff, including flood risk projects on the Cedar River and elsewhere. Recently, the Committee on the En-vironment and Public Works approved a bill that, once again, highlights the importance of the Cedar River flood protection project and includes a sec-ondary budgetary process that could lead to construction funds for this project and other Iowa priorities in the future, cuts redtape, and also improves public input, transparency, and ac-countability. The people of Iowa have earned a well-deserved salute to civic participa-tion. It is a good day to share pride with your fellow citizens. Thanks to our people’s resilience and hard work, even better days are yet to come. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I am here to call up my amendment today so we can save money for our Nation and for our military. Certainly, I am not here to derail the National Defense Au-thorization Act. I am thankful that again this year we have a great bipar-tisan bill, and I am hopeful my bipar-tisan amendment can be made pending today. Amendment No. 2400 is the Presi-dential Allowance Modernization Act, and it has cleared committee by voice vote and cleared my colleagues on the Republican side on the hotline. How-ever, my minority counterparts have had months to look at this bill now in amendment form, and it still remains blocked. This bill passed the House with unanimous support and has been included in the House NDAA bill. This amendment would establish a cap on former Presidents’ monetary al-lowances, which are currently unlim-ited and fund resources like office space, staff salaries, cell phone bills, and more. Under this amendment, former Presi-dents would receive a $200,000 annual pension and an allowance capped at $500,000—a total of $700,000 in annual benefits. It would then reduce the al-lowance dollar for dollar by each dollar of income a former President earns in excess of $400,000. The national debt is over $20 trillion. We cannot afford to generously sub-sidize the perks of former Presidents to the tune of millions of dollars. With that, Mr. President, I would like to make my amendment pending. I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to call up amendment No. 2400 to amendment No. 2282. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic whip. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this is the first I am aware of this amend-ment. It was given to me this after-noon to take a look at. I don’t have any history with it. It is interesting and coincidental that today is the 94th birthday of President George Herbert Walker Bush, the first President of the United States to ever live to the age of 94, a World War II decorated veteran, a man who served this country in so many dif-ferent ways. This effort to eliminate the ex-penses—an amount that is paid to him as a former President—I had not seen before today. I am told this amend-ment would save the Treasury $4.3 mil-lion a year. So I would like to suggest to the Senator from Iowa—I am going to make an official request in this re-gard. We can do much better than $4.3 million a year in deficit reduction. I am going to ask the Senator from Iowa if she will modify her request to shave $404 million over 10 years by en-suring that millionaires across the United States—in Illinois and in Iowa— don’t receive generous crop insurance subsidies. Big agribusiness in Iowa and Illinois receive government subsidies to the tune of nearly $600 million. A GAO study found that 4 percent of the most profitable farmers in America ac-counted for 33 percent of all the Fed-eral premium support. My legislation that I am asking to be added to the Senator’s amendment would reduce premium support for pro-ducers with an AGI, adjusted gross in-come, higher than $750,000 a year, and it will only reduce it by 15 percent. So I ask the Senator to modify her request so the text of her amendment be modified with the changes at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator so modify her request? Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I do think that is a timely request. Thankfully, the farm bill is being marked up tomorrow in the Agriculture Committee, and I do think that is the appropriate venue to discuss the caps on subsidies for crop insurance. I would agree that is prob-ably a wise thing to take a look at. However, what we are dealing with right now is the fact that we do have former Presidents who are receiving substantial perks from our American taxpayers. So I am disappointed that my colleagues across the aisle continue to block this bipartisan amendment de-signed to save millions of dollars. Do my colleagues across the aisle think former Presidents should con-tinue to receive unlimited, taxpayer- funded allowances as they make mil-lions and millions of dollars per year from book deals and speaking engage-ments? It is not uncommon for a former President to command $400,000 per hour-long speech. The average household income in Iowa is about $55,000. That means that in about 81⁄2 minutes, that former President is mak-ing what an Iowa family makes in a year. I wish my colleagues across the aisle would reconsider. I formally object to the modification. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Is there objection to the original re-quest? Mr. DURBIN. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S12JN8.REC S12JN8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3748 June 12, 2018 
CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM  
Ms. SMITH. Mr. President, last week I gave my first floor speech. I spoke about how important it is for women to be represented in our government and why it is so important to keep working so that our legislature reflects the views and experiences of all Americans. While increasing the number of women in this Chamber is important, it won’t be enough by itself. Elections cost too much, and that is a big prob-lem in our country. The sharp rise of secretive, unregulated money in poli-tics means that we have no idea who is spending money on campaigns and can-didates or why, and that is a pro-foundly troubling problem for our de-mocracy. While there are many causes of the rise of money in politics, perhaps the biggest is the 2010 Supreme Court deci-sion Citizens United v. FEC. The 5-to-4 decision in Citizens United struck down key limitations on campaign con-tributions that were enacted on a bi-partisan basis in 2002. That decision has had dire con-sequences for our democracy. Since Citizens United, there has been succes-sively more money poured into each congressional campaign cycle. Much of that money has come from super PACs and other secretive organizations that are structured specifically to hide the identity of their donors. Other funds have come from large corporations that can afford to spend millions on po-litical activities in order to further their own special interests. What is the upshot of all of this? Super PACs and other dark money or-ganizations spent some $1.4 billion in the 2016 election. We often have no idea who did the spending or why. This kind of secretive, unlimited, corporate-driven political spending is unfair to voters in Minnesota and around the country. That is why I am fighting so hard to reform our cam-paign finance system. One of the most important things we can do is to enact a constitutional amendment to reverse the Citizens United decision. In my very first month as a Senator, I cosponsored Sen-ator T
OMUDALL ’s legislation to do that. A few wealthy donors shouldn’t dominate the political conversation in this country. Reversing Citizens United isn’t the only thing necessary to restore fairness to our political process; we should also pass Senator W
HITEHOUSE ’s DISCLOSE Act, which I am proud to cosponsor. This legislation requires super PACs and big political spenders to disclose to the public exactly where their dona-tions are going. No constitutional amendment is required for this key measure. In 2010, the DISCLOSE Act came up just one vote short in the Sen-ate, and I urge the Senate to imme-diately take it up again so we can fi-nally pass this important bill. We also should replace the Federal Elections Commission, which is mired in political squabbling and hindered with weak enforcement authority. The FEC should be replaced with a new campaign finance agency that has a strong mandate to enforce the law, with new rules to ensure that one po-litical party can’t shut down the agen-cy simply for political gain. I also believe that we should enact a small donor matching funds program. Many Americans who aren’t wealthy want to support a candidate they be-lieve in, but they simply can’t afford to write a check for thousands of dollars like the big donors do. A matching funds program will help amplify the donations of these smaller donors and working families and would be a key step toward leveling the playing field for working families who want to sup-port a candidate. Finally, we should improve voter reg-istration. Increasingly, some have sought to disenfranchise others—espe-cially voters of color—by making it harder to register to vote, harder to get a ballot, or simply through voter intimidation. It is time that we restore the Voting Rights Act and crack down on discriminatory voting rules that block access to the polls. This includes fixing the terrible recent Supreme Court decision allowing States to kick voters off the rolls if they don’t vote regularly, even without offering same- day voter registration for those voters to easily rejoin the rolls if they do wish to vote again. I believe that all Americans should be represented here in the U.S. Senate, not just the wealthy few. Our democ-racy is built on the principle that the American people have the power in our elections, so I am going to keep fight-ing to reform our campaign finance rules. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. AMENDMENT NO . 2842 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2366 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 2842 to the Lee amend-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. REED] proposes an amendment numbered 2842 to amendment No. 2366. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require the authorization of ap-propriation of amounts for the develop-ment of new or modified nuclear weapons) In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: (c) AUTHORIZATION BY CONGRESS .—Section 4209(a)(1) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and ‘‘(B) may carry out such activities only if amounts are authorized to be appropriated for such activities by an Act of Congress con-sistent with section 660 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7270).’’. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, this amendment is a technical correction to the previous amendment I offered, and I ask that it be accepted for consider-ation. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment is pending. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I believe the amendment is pending. I yield the floor and suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 15 minutes as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, a crash takes place in a system when conditions in that system reach a tip-ping point and the system rapidly de-stabilizes. Climate change promises a lot of tip-ping points in the Earth’s natural sys-tems—ocean acidification, for instance, reaching a tipping point where foundational species, such as the pter-opod, have trouble forming their shells, and populations of those foundation species crash, taking down the trophic levels above them; polar warming, for instance, releasing trapped frozen methane from Arctic tundra and hyperaccelerating the greenhouse ef-fect. At the more local level, season-ally linked species, reacting to chang-ing seasons, can get out of phase with one another, so the feeder and its food source no longer overlap in time, and then they have a crash. In what Pope Francis has called ‘‘the mysterious network of relations be-tween things,’’ climate change prom-ises natural disruptions, large and small. Of course, the same kind of disrup-tion can occur in economics. Because we are ignoring climate change, we are hurtling toward natural disruptions like the kinds I mentioned. On top of that, recent warnings indicate that we are also hurtling toward economic dis-ruptions—crashes, if you will—which we could avoid or moderate if we pre-pared. But since the fossil fuel over-lords of the present Congress won’t let that preparation happen, we need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:04 Jun 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S12JN8.REC S12JN8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3749 June 12, 2018 
expect these economic crashes. What are these economic crashes? The first one I will discuss is the effect of sea level rise on coastal real estate values. Sea level rise can hit you economi-cally long before the ocean actually laps against your doorstep. When the prospect of coastal flooding begins to creep into the 30-year mortgage hori-zon or when the prospect of coastal flooding begins to darken property in-surance horizons, there will be an ef-fect. Long before your house is actually flooded, its value can crash if the house becomes uninsurable or if it becomes unmortgageable to the next buyer. Freddie Mac has described the effect of this property value crash on America’s coastal regions as follows: ‘‘The eco-nomic losses and social disruption may happen gradually, but they are likely to be greater in total than those expe-rienced in the housing crisis and Great Recession.’’ Those of us who lived through the great recession of 2008 and forward know how serious that warning is. It is not just Freddie Mac; the insur-ance industry shares this exact con-cern. Here is what the editor of the trade publication Risk & Insurance had to say: ‘‘Continually rising seas will damage coastal residential and com-mercial property values to the point that property owners will flee those markets in droves, thus precipitating a mortgage value collapse that could equal or exceed the mortgage crisis that rocked the global economy in 2008.’’ So from government-backed housing corporations to private insur-ance industry representatives, the warning is clear. The leading edge of this predicted ef-fect may already actually be upon us, as we have recently seen coastal prop-erty values begin to lag inland prop-erty values in a way that experts think may reflect this emerging coastal eco-nomic hazard. When talking about matching the damage done to the econ-omy by the 2008 recession, that is a se-rious risk. The second economic crash we are warned of is the effect of a so-called carbon bubble—a carbon bubble in fos-sil fuel companies. This carbon bubble collapse happens when fossil fuel re-serves now claimed as assets by the fossil fuel companies turn out to be not actually developable and thus become what are called stranded assets. A re-cent publication by economists in the journal Nature Climate Change has de-scribed the following estimated asset reductions in fossil fuel reserves: ‘‘The magnitude of . . . stranded assets of fossil fuel companies (in a 2 degrees C economy) has been estimated to be around 82% of global coal reserves, 49% of global gas reserves, and 33% of glob-al oil reserves.’’ That would be 82 percent of global coal reserves gone, wiped off the bal-ance sheets; 49 percent of global gas re-serves gone; and 33 percent of global oil reserves gone. This asset collapse ahead would ex-plain why fossil fuel companies have fought so hard against shareholders who sought honest reporting of this risk, and it could explain why such re-ports as have been produced look like exercises in ‘‘cooking the books’’ to avoid actually acknowledging a risk of this scale. More recently, a group of economic analysts published a separate review of what the bursting of this carbon bubble would look like for fossil fuel compa-nies. The report’s analysis is pretty stark. It estimates that a potential $12 trillion—$12 trillion—of financial value ‘‘could vanish off their balance sheets globally in the form of stranded as-sets.’’ The report notes that this is over 15 percent of global GDP. This economic report posits a market scenario in which lower cost producers unload their fossil fuel reserves while they still can into this collapsing mar-ket—‘‘selling out’’ their assets, in the language of the report—unloading their fossil fuel assets even at fire-sale prices to get what value they can while they still can. In this analysis, the report says, ‘‘re-gions with higher marginal costs . . . lose almost their entire oil and gas in-dustry (for example . . . the United States).’’ In this environment in which there is a rapid crash in fossil fuel prices, as sellers saturate the market at what-ever low price they can get to get some money for their reserves before they evaporate and get wiped off their bal-ance sheets, the market moves rapidly and regions like ours—like the United States, with higher marginal costs— lose almost their entire oil and gas in-dustry. Obviously, for the United States to rapidly lose almost its entire oil and gas industry would create a dramatic economic shock, spilling over into other industries and into the economy at large, making this what the authors of this report call a ‘‘systemic’’ eco-nomic risk. There is a recommended solution to avoid this shock in asset prices, and that is for the United States to begin decarbonizing, to invest more in renew-ables, and to broaden our national en-ergy portfolio away from this asset col-lapse risk and into renewable energy. The paper concludes that ‘‘an exposed country can mitigate the impact of stranding by divesting from fossil fuels as an insurance policy,’’ and it goes on to say specifically about the United States of America that ‘‘the United States is worse off if it continues to promote fossil fuel production and con-sumption than if it moves away from them.’’ Let me revert to the earlier eco-nomic piece I mentioned because it concludes with very similar advice. I quote from the first article: 
If climate policies are implemented early on and in a stable and credible framework, market participants are able to smoothly an-ticipate the effects. In this case there would not be any large shock in asset prices and there would be no systemic risk. In contrast, in a scenario in which the implementation of climate policy is uncertain, delayed, and sudden . . . this might entail a systemic risk because price adjustments are abrupt and portfolio losses from the fossil-fuel sector and fossil-based utilities do not have time to be compensated by the increase in value of renewable-based utilities. Both economic analyses agree that transitioning to renewables is a hedge against this fossil fuel asset collapse risk, but this earlier paper also notes something else. It also notes that this transition to renewables, away from the asset collapse risk, need not be a painful transition. To quote the report, ‘‘a transition to a low-carbon economy could also have net positive aggregate effects.’’ On one side, you have the risk of a major fossil fuel asset collapse cre-ating a sufficient economic shock for there to be systemic risk to the econ-omy. On the other side, you have the prospect of net positive aggregate ef-fects. Who in their right mind would not turn toward net positive aggregate effects? A large and sudden economic shock affecting 15 percent of global GDP and precipitating systemic eco-nomic risks will, of course, be very painful. This is stark advice. Whether we can actually heed this advice depends on the Congress of the United States being able to put the interests of the United States first over the interests of the fossil fuel industry. Given that Congress’s fossil fuel industry over-lords will likely object and given that we seem incapable in Congress of ei-ther seeing through their massive con-flict of interest or ever telling them no, it is not presently likely that Congress will heed these warnings or take these precautions. After all, the warnings of natural crashes ahead have so far been com-pletely ignored due to fossil fuel indus-try pressure. So why expect that we would heed the warnings of economic crashes ahead? In the days when war loomed over Europe but England would not prepare, Winston Churchill quoted a poem. The poem’s image is of a train bound for de-struction, rushing through the night, and the conductor is asleep at the con-trols. The poem begins: 
Who is in charge of the clattering train? The axles creak, and the couplings strain. 
Inside the train cars, the poem de-scribes the occupants of the doomed train: 
Lull[ed into] confident drowsiness. 
But then comes the end: 
[T]he pace is hot, and the points are near, And Sleep hath deadened the driver’s ear; And signals flash through the night in vain. Death is in charge of the clattering train! 
That is how the poem ends. Let us hope that we wake up before our colli-sion, that the many warning signals nature is flashing at us do not flash through the night in vain, and that we do not hurtle into these foreseen colli-sions with our fossil fuel industry over-lords having deadened the driver’s ear with their money and their power. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.032 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3750 June 12, 2018 
We have been lulled into confident drowsiness, and it is time to wake up. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk pro-ceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2366 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that there be 1 hour of debate on my amendment, No. 2366, equally divided between the opponents and proponents, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from South Carolina. Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, Senator L
EEis a very good friend, and he is very sin-cere. I will object, and I want to let the body know that I think the best way to handle this issue is, if American citi-zens are suspected of collaborating with the enemy—ISIS or al-Qaida—we have the due process in place to strip them of their citizenship. That way, you don’t have the problem of reading them their Miranda rights. You can hold them, without question, as enemy combatants. I will end with this. There is a court case right on point, that of Mr. Padilla’s, who was an American citizen who was held as an enemy combatant. The court says that it doesn’t matter the location of capture, he can be cap-tured in the United States and still be held as an enemy combatant. So I object, but I really want to work with Senator L
EEto see if we can find a compromise down the road. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I appreciate my colleague’s opinions, the Senator from South Carolina. I would like to respond for a moment and speak for a few minutes about a bipartisan com-promise that I have introduced, along with the senior Senator from Cali-fornia, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN . The legislation I am referring to is called the Due Process Guarantee Act, which Senator F
EINSTEIN and I have in-troduced. It has also been offered up as an amendment to the legislation now before this body, to the National De-fense Authorization Act. Alexander Hamilton, in his writing of Federalist No. 84, called arbitrary im-prisonment one of the ‘‘favorite and most formidable instruments’’ of ty-rants and with good reason. The Con-stitution includes safeguards against this form of tyranny, including the writ of habeas corpus and the guar-antee that American citizens will not be ‘‘deprived of life, liberty, or prop-erty’’ by the government ‘‘without due process of law.’’ If you are going to take away people’s life or liberty or property, you have to give them due process. You can’t do it without that. That is by mandate of the Constitu-tion. It is made applicable to the Fed-eral Government through the Fifth Amendment, and it is made applicable to the States through the 14th Amend-ment. Our commitment to these rights has, of course, been tested in times of crisis. This is what happens to our rights when crises erupt. Sadly, tragically, I would add, we as Americans have not always passed these tests. We have not always emerged unscathed from the temptation to dip into the well of dep-rivation of due process in times of cri-sis. During the Second World War, for ex-ample, President Franklin Roosevelt unilaterally authorized the internment of over 100,000 Japanese Americans for fear that they would spy against the United States—100,000 Americans just based on the fear that they might spy against the United States. To be sure, the government did not—neither Presi-dent Roosevelt nor anyone in his ad-ministration—present any kind of evi-dence that these Americans—the 100,000 Americans who were imprisoned at that time—posed any kind of threat to our country. There was not one piece of evidence—not one shred, not one scintilla—presented to that effect. In fact, most of these Americans were themselves native-born citizens. They were eligible, in that respect, to run for President of the United States. Many had never visited Japan in their entire lives. Many didn’t speak the language spoken in Japan. That episode in our Nation’s history was tragic, and it remains a blight on our record to this very day. It is also an example that is, sadly, personal to the State I represent. You see, the U.S. Government unjustly detained thou-sands of Japanese Americans in Utah at the Topaz War Relocation Center. Japanese-American internment is, per-haps, the most dramatic and shameful instance of this kind of detention in our Nation’s history. Unfortunately, it is not the only instance. In 1950, in a climate of intense fear about Communist infiltration of the government, Congress enacted the McCarran Internal Security Act and did so over President Harry Truman’s veto. That law contained an emergency provision that allowed the President of the United States to detain any person he thought might spy on the United States. Think for a minute about what that means—that one person was then vest-ed with this authority to delve most deeply into someone’s due process rights without providing him with any due process at all. That is scary. That is the very kind of thing that the Con-stitution was designed to protect against. There is the due process clause, certainly, but the whole point of having a Constitution in the first place is to protect the people from the dangers that are inevitably presented by the excessive accumulation of power in the hands of the few. Then more recently, in the post-9/11 era, there has been, of course, some re-newed pressure to diminish our con-stitutional protections—our liberty—in the name of security. Lawmakers from both parties have authorized the deten-tion of Americans who have been sus-pected of terrorism—their detention in-definitely without charge, without trial, and without meeting the evi-dentiary standard that is required for every other crime—potentially, for the rest of their lives. You see, this happened just a few years ago in this very Chamber. If I had not been here at the time, I might have accused whoever was describing this of engaging in some sort of para-noid fantasy, in some sort of odd hy-perbole, for the purpose of making a point. No. This actually happened in the National Defense Authorization Act that President Obama signed into law for fiscal year 2012. Congress au-thorized the indefinite military deten-tion of suspected terrorists, including of American citizens, who are appre-hended on U.S. soil. These episodes—the Japanese-Amer-ican internment, the McCarran Inter-nal Security Act, and the 2012 NDAA— are significant. They are teachable mo-ments, if you will. In all three cases, the United States faced real threats from formidable foes—foes that were hostile to our very core values as a na-tion, foes that were not comfortable with the idea that we as Americans share in common—the belief in the fun-damental, inherent dignity of the human soul. Instead of defying our foes by holding fast to those core values, we jettisoned them in a panic. Fear and secrecy won out. The Constitution lost. Liberty lost. Thankfully, that is not the whole story. There have also been times when Americans have stood up to the Con-stitution even in the face of threats, especially in the face of threats, thus, sending a really strong message to the totalitarian forces arrayed against us. For instance, in 1971, Congress passed the Non-Detention Act, stating, ‘‘No citizen shall be imprisoned or other-wise detained by the United States ex-cept pursuant to an act of Congress.’’ Congress can make another stand for the Constitution by allowing a vote on this amendment, by allowing a vote on the Due Process Guarantee Act amend-ment to the NDAA. What, you might ask, is the Due Process Guarantee Act? In short, this bill presented as an amendment would raise the bar that the government has to clear in order to claim and assert the right to detain in-definitely American citizens and lawful permanent residents who are appre-hended on U.S. soil. It would forbid the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.033 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3751 June 12, 2018 
government from justifying such de-tentions by using general authoriza-tions of military force, such as the 2001 AUMF against the 9/11 plotters. Why, you might ask, would this even be necessary? Why would we even need to consider doing this? That is a very good question. It is a question that should be directed to-ward those who inserted this language into the 2012 NDAA. Under this legislation, under this amendment as it has been proposed, the government would have to obtain the explicit written authorization— statutory authorization—of Congress, which is the branch of government most accountable to the people at the most regular intervals, before approv-ing the detention of Americans—with-out charge, that is—if they are cap-tured in the United States. This isn’t too much to ask. Some would say this is far too little to ask. It is something that is required both by the letter and by the spirit of our Con-stitution, by the very concept of lib-erty, and by the very concept alluded to earlier that each human soul has in-herent dignity that needs to be re-spected by our government. So the Due Process Guarantee Act is based on a very simple premise: If the government wants to take the extraordinary step of apprehending Americans on U.S. soil without charge or trial, it should get extraordinary permission from Con-gress. Now, to be very clear, if my col-leagues want to grant the government this power, that power over their own constituents, their own voters, the very people who elected them into of-fice, then by all means let’s have that debate and let’s have that discussion. If they want to do that, let them author-ize it themselves. I hope I never see the day that happens, but I hope we all agree that Congress should have to agree before any such step is taken. Members of Congress should not simply hide behind vague, broad authoriza-tions so the voting public will not or can’t know what they are doing. I am offering this amendment be-cause of my faith in our law enforce-ment officers and our judges who have successfully apprehended and pros-ecuted and overseen the prosecutions of hundreds of homegrown terrorists. Their example proves that our security is not dependent upon a supercharged government and a correspondingly weakened Constitution. We can secure the homeland without using the formi-dable instruments of tyrants. Not only can we, but we must. This, after all, is our constitutional imperative. Each one of us, upon taking office, was required to take an oath to uphold and defend this document, the U.S. Constitution. I hope, I think, I expect, and in fact I am quite confident that the overwhelming majority of our con-stituents and voters in every State in this country, regardless of where they fit on the political continuum, where they identify themselves on the polit-ical spectrum, agree it is not too much to ask that if the government is going to arrest someone and detain them, putting them into a position of incar-ceration indefinitely without charge, without trial, is extraordinary. That kind of extraordinary remedy perhaps ought never be approached, but, cer-tainly, if it is going to happen at all, it ought not ever happen without the ex-plicit statutory authorization from Congress. All of this relates back to section 1021 of the 2012 National Defense Au-thorization Act, which purports to au-thorize the government to just indefi-nitely detain without trial American citizens and lawful permanent resi-dents—both of whom would be pro-tected by my amendment—who are captured in the United States. Look, it is easy to look at this and to separate yourself from this if you think this measure could apply only to bad people—maybe only to bad people who don’t look like people we ordi-narily associate with. Perhaps they don’t look like they came from our neighborhood. Perhaps they don’t look like the kinds of people who ought to have protection, but this is the very folly we should always seek to avoid. Either due process is a thing or it is not. Either due process is a constitu-tional imperative that we should be very reluctant to depart from ever or it is not. Section 1021 of the 2012 NDAA represented a departure from that. Think of it this way. Your rights as an American citizen to be charged in a certain way, to have access to a speedy trial, to have access to counsel, your right to a whole host of constitutional protections generally does not, and ought not ever be, something that should be dependent upon how you are charged. If all the government has to do is alter the way in which you were charged to allege that you have been involved in some type of offense that can be characterized as terrorist activ-ity or the aiding and abetting of those who planned the 9/11 attack, if that is all that has to happen, then you are en-trusting an enormous amount of dis-cretionary power to government, to a very small handful of decisionmakers who themselves can deprive you of ev-erything that is dear to you—deprive you of those you love, of the place you call home, and subject you to indefi-nite incarceration, indefinite deten-tion, without access to trial, without access to the ability to confront your accusers in front of a jury of your peers. This is a problem. It is a problem that would sound extreme if it weren’t true because it is, in fact, extreme. We have gone now, for the last 6 or 7 years after this was passed into law, without it getting a whole lot of atten-tion. I think this is unfortunate be-cause this ought to be concerning to every single American. If you exist on U.S. soil lawfully or if you are a citizen or lawful permanent resident, this should concern you. Even if you are not, even if you reside outside the United States or are here tempo-rarily—perhaps on a temporary visa of some sort—this should worry you. If you believe in the American dream, if you believe in the fundamental dignity of the human soul, this should bother you. The extent to which you are both-ered by this should grow even more se-vere by virtue of the fact that we have this discussion this afternoon in our Nation’s Capitol, within the halls of what purports to be the world’s great-est deliberative legislative body, not in the context of being on the precipice of casting a vote on this—no. We are hav-ing this discussion of a simple request to vote up or down, yes or no, yea or nay, on whether we should require Con-gress to state explicitly when it is going to invoke this kind of extraor-dinary remedy. It defies reason, it de-fies logic, it defies the rules, the cus-toms, and traditions of this great legis-lative body for us to refuse to cast a vote on this. By the way, about 5 years ago, a nearly identical version of the same amendment passed through this body with 67 votes. Not only is that more than a majority, but it is also more than the standard required to close de-bate, and it is also a standard that is consistent with what is required to overcome a Presidential veto. Yet somehow that measure didn’t make it into the final product. Somehow it didn’t survive the process of negotia-tion between the House and Senate. It didn’t survive the final bill as produced by the conference committee. So 5 years go by, and we have been trying to get a vote on it ever since then. We have been unsuccessful in doing so. We are not asking for every Member to agree right now to support this. What we are asking for is for them to weigh in and allow us to cast a vote on this. You see, we have this quaint idea in this country that being governed re-quires a certain amount of consent from those being governed; that when the government does something, espe-cially something that could so deeply impact the lives of individual Ameri-cans, it ought to be done with the con-sent of the governed through their elected Senators and Representatives. We have two people here from every State in the Union. I could say, with a high degree of confidence, that if you polled not just the American people at large, not just people within every State, but I would add to that people within every demographic, people with-in every political party, at least every political party that I know anything about, people, regardless of race, sex, national origin, religious affiliation, belief, or unbelief—I would bet an over-whelming majority of people in every single category in every State of the Union would say this is really trou-bling. The fact that you would have a gov-ernment that would be so bold in the first instance as to claim the right, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.034 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3752 June 12, 2018 
which it did in the 2012 National De-fense Authorization Act, to detain in-definitely citizens of this country ap-prehended on U.S. soil without charge, without trial, without access to coun-sel—and after having done that a few years ago, this same body would refuse even to allow a vote on whether future votes should be cast on whether this is appropriate. The Senate, I am told, used to be a place—in fact, the history books made clear it was, in fact, a place where ex-tended debate and discussion could be heard because we as a people tend to believe more debate is preferable to less, more input is preferable to less input, and that whenever government makes a decision, especially a profound decision like the one we are talking about, that the people’s elected rep-resentatives ought to have some say in it. It is an act of cowardice that we as a body would refuse to have votes on something like this. So I say to my col-leagues who object to us even being able to cast a vote on this, what are you afraid of? What is it that you fear so much about the American people that you are unwilling to have a provi-sion like this explored, examined, and get voted on by the U.S. Senate? This doesn’t have to take a long time. We could easily have done it today. We could have done it in a matter of hours, perhaps a matter of minutes. Is that really too much of a sacrifice to ask for a few hours or a few minutes of our precious time to vote on whether the U.S. Government should have the power to indefinitely detain without charge, without trial, without counsel American citizens on U.S. soil? I think not. I inform my colleagues, with all the energy I am capable of communicating, to please reconsider. Look in the mir-ror. Examine your conscience. You de-cide whether you want to stand ac-countable to God and the American people one day if and when this power is abused. One thing we know about power is that when excessively accumulated in the hands of a few, bad things happen. Human beings are flawed. They are re-deemable, but they are also flawed. That is why we have a Constitution. That is why we are here. We are here to cast votes and to stand accountable to the American people. I urge my col-leagues to allow a vote on this amend-ment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. 
TRADE  
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, one of the great honors in this body is to bring a contrasting point of view to the topic of the day. I hope to do that today. Many colleagues in this body have voiced concerns on both sides of the aisle, frankly, about President Trump—what President Trump is doing to try to create a more level playing field for our workers and businesses. They are nervous about his negotiating style, about things he says, what he is trying to do with our allies, our adver-saries, and all around the world. People in this body worry sometimes it is going to create a trade war. Colleagues, I have worked in the trade environment internationally most of my career. I have sourced prod-ucts all over the world. I shipped prod-ucts all over the world. I can tell you, for a fact, that for the last 40 years we have been in a trade war. In that time, America has helped de-velop the Third World and reduce pov-erty largely because of an imbalanced trade agreement that we made with pretty much each country around the world, and we did that intentionally, not by accident. It was out of our good will that we set up trade deals that granted access to our markets while denying access to other markets around the world. Why did we do that? When China was a $1 trillion economy, that made sense. We wanted to help them develop eco-nomically. Now that they are a $12 tril-lion economy, it no longer makes sense. When Japan was rebuilding after World War II, of course we wanted to help them rebuild. We spent billions of dollars behind the Marshall Plan to do just that with Japan and all of East Asia. We set up trade deals that we knew would help their economy grow, and that made sense then. It no longer makes sense to have an unlevel playing field with the rest of the world just so they can develop. Let me give you a reason why. One of the reasons is, because of the American consumer and taxpayer, global poverty over the last 50 years has been reduced dramatically; by some estimates, over 60 percent. Let me say that again. Global poverty, because of the Amer-ican taxpayer and the American work-er, has been reduced over 60 percent. Unfortunately, during that same period of time, American poverty since 1965, when the Great Society was signed into law and when the great War on Poverty was initiated, we spent $67 trillion try-ing to eradicate poverty in America. Unfortunately, today we know pov-erty is basically the same as it was in 1965. So this imbalance we have lived with for the last half decade that par-tially helped the development of the Third World, pulling hundreds of mil-lions of people out of poverty, begins to not make sense when it damages our well-being here at home. Like me, President Trump is an out-sider to this political process. He is just a business guy who spent his ca-reer successfully negotiating deals all over the world. For years, he has seen how America has often been treated unfairly when it comes to trade. He has also seen how previous administrations repeatedly failed to contain the grow-ing threat of rogue regimes with nu-clear ambitions, like North Korea and Iran. Since taking office, President Trump has put America back in a position of power and strength when it comes to our standing with the rest of the world. This comes after a decade where Amer-ica withdrew. We had redlines drawn. We had a Russia reset. The world was questioning what our position was. Were we going to be the leader of the free world? Were we going to stand up for individual sovereignty, for indi-vidual liberty, self-determination? I think he has made that very clear and that we have turned a corner. President Trump has, no doubt, an unconventional negotiating style—an outsider style, if you will. Do you know what? As we have seen in his Presi-dential career just in the last 15 months—NATO, South Korea, and just last night, a historic summit in North Korea—President Trump’s method-ology, indeed, works. Remember when he was running for office? He said: Well, if NATO doesn’t increase their military spending, we just might back out. Everybody pan-icked: Oh my goodness, it will upset the balance with our allies over there. This is not the time to be doing that. Guess what. NATO stepped up. I just met with a major ambassador from one of the countries in that region, and I am delighted to tell my colleagues to-night that we all know, basically, NATO is doubling the amount of money they are spending for their own national security, which is exactly what the President wanted. President Trump is working to fix problems that others would not ad-dress. He is moving with a sense of ur-gency to deliver those results. I am tired of Members of this body trying to undercut him at every turn, especially in the middle of the negotiation proc-ess. One of the things you learn when you deal internationally is that you have to have the respect of the person you are negotiating with across the table. President Trump has earned that. What we are beginning to do in this body is undercut that. I understand the article II, article I debate. I get that. But we are in the middle of processes now that are so critical. You cannot deal with trade in a one-dimensional fashion. It is part of the bigger geo-political complex calculus that Presi-dent Trump is trying to negotiate. We need a unified voice, there is no doubt. Right now, this body is sending mixed signals. It is time to put aside political self-interests and focus on what is best for the United States of America. As a business guy, I would think this is something my colleagues—especially those who come from the business com-munity—would understand. That is what we have to do all the time in the real world. Last year, President Trump said that job 1 was to grow the economy. As a body, we all focused on regulations, en-ergy, and taxes. As a result, the econ-omy has begun to turn a corner. Just this year, we passed a moderate bill that modifies Dodd-Frank and frees up onerous regulations on small and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.037 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3753 June 12, 2018 
community banks and regional banks— freeing up some $6 trillion all in be-tween regulations and taxes and the work in Dodd-Frank. That $6 trillion is potentially coming back into the econ-omy. That affects people who work for a living, not just the people who own the businesses. Today, small business optimism hit a 30-year high. Some 31
1⁄2million jobs have been created, and 870 regulations have been reversed. Over 1,500 people in the Veterans’ Administration have been let go because they were not con-cerned and did not perform their jobs properly. This year, it is all about continuing to grow the economy by focusing on immigration, infrastructure, and trade. Trade is a very complex matrix of countries and industries; it is not just a very simple thing of back-and-forth. I understand that the President is trying to do it in a bilateral way. I personally would prefer the TPP approach. But that is just two individuals. We are committed to this bilateral path, and I fully support that now. Of course, how we deal with each one should be thoughtful and strategic, and we need to be in a hurry to get that done. We need a holistic approach to trade, not the ad hoc approach we have seen in the past. Do you know what. If you want meaningful results in trade, you have to have the courage to have serious, tough conversations with other coun-tries, regardless of how many head-aches it may cause for some folks here in Washington. That includes some of our allies, by the way. The imbalance we have in trade is not just with China; it is with pretty much every one of our allies. The solu-tions are not controversial. They can be dealt with the right way. When it comes to trade, including trade with some of our closest allies, America isn’t being treated fairly. We covered that already. We have been in this position for some time. It is really by our own making. We did this inten-tionally. President Trump is working to begin to fix this by negotiating better trade deals for American businesses, prod-ucts, and workers. Make no mistake— the beneficiaries of these trade nego-tiations are American consumers and American workers. Trump is doing this from a position of strength, I believe. He is leveraging that strength to get a better deal. It is not about pending al-liances; it is about telling other coun-tries: We aren’t going to stand for any-thing less than a level playing field. I think that is only fair when we are dealing with our allies or our adver-saries. President Trump has the attention of the world and momentum to pull off better trade deals, so why are Members of this body trying to confuse and com-plicate the process by undermining the President’s efforts? Furthermore, we cannot discuss trade in a vacuum. The credibility of the negotiator is all-important when dealing with certain parts of the world. We need to take that into consider-ation when we are considering things that we have been debating here in the last 24 hours on this floor. We need to talk about trade from an economic and national security standpoint. It is, in fact, a full-blown, complex geopolitical issue. To that point, we should all share the priority of denuclearization in the Ko-rean Peninsula. President Trump is also working from a position of strength on that topic. This President and his team have the momentum to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula. Imagine what progress would be achieved compared to just 6 months ago when the worst was being con-templated. Just as President Trump has brought China to the trade table, he has se-cured their cooperation on North Korea. I can tell you personally, having just visited there recently, we would not be in these negotiations with North Korea without the help of President Xi Jinping and the Chinese people. Presi-dent Trump’s leadership on this max-imum-pressure campaign led to China’s cooperation on tough sanctions, which helped bring North Korea to the table in the first place. The President made a personal com-mitment to another foreign leader about how to deal with ZTE. He should be able to follow through on his word. This agreement may be tied to other elements of this administration’s na-tional security agenda that we don’t know about in full detail, and we need to give them the benefit of the doubt and stop undercutting the negotiating power of our Commander in Chief. This ZTE amendment, which has been thrown into the NDAA at the last minute and before the Commerce De-partment made its full ruling, could threaten China’s cooperation in dealing with North Korea. It is remarkably shortsighted for politicians in this body to complicate the situation with the ZTE amendment, in my opinion. I believe it will undercut our ability to negotiate, and I think it jeopardizes our negotiator’s credibility. Of course, Congress has an important role to play on all free trade agree-ments and certainly treaties. The ad-vice-and-consent principle that is built into our format is absolutely critical. I am not trying to undermine that in the least. However, we should not be trying to undercut our chief negotiator in the middle of a negotiating process. I personally have survived some of those in my career. I understand that the credibility of the person doing the negotiating is absolutely critical. How-ever, in our situation, in dealing with any foreign leader, the full breadth of the responsibility of the legislative branch has to be explained up front. I am fully supportive of that. To those who say this President is picking winners and losers, going back to the ZTE issue, let me say that the only winner President Trump is trying to pick today is America. I think it is refreshing that we have somebody fi-nally standing up and fighting for us for a change, after decades of making sure that the Third World was devel-oped. This is about making sure that America is treated fairly and that it is the best place to do business in the world. It is about making America more competitive and secure. It is about making sure that the people who take showers after work and not before work get treated fairly in dealing with the rest of the world. This is about making America more competitive. It is about making America more secure. It is about ensuring our economic and national security for the next 100 years. This body should put aside self-inter-est and focus on the national interest and give this President the room he needs to negotiate on everything from better trade to denuclearization in the Korean Peninsula. Stop the hysteria, in my opinion. This is about a much bigger picture. In the much bigger pic-ture, we talk about the rise of China and the impact on the world. Let me highlight a couple of things from this past weekend. President Trump issued a statement that offered an olive branch to Russia on the G7. He felt he would support their reentering the G7. What did Putin say? He said: Well, no, thank you. I am more inter-ested in other things, like the SCO. Most people in this body aren’t famil-iar with the SCO. It is the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation. It is basi-cally China, Russia, Uzbekistan, and a few countries in that area. But India and Pakistan just attended their first meeting. I think this is an extremely dangerous development for the future of self-determining people. I think it is time for this body to get behind a unified approach with regard to what we are trying to do with trade and North Korea and tell the rest of the world: We want to be the strongest ally you have ever seen, just like we have been for the last 200 years. It is time, as the President said in Davos, to take care of our business so we can help you take care of your business. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield my time. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, at the G–7 Summit in Charlevoix, Canada, on June 9, 2018, President Trump stated the following in regard to the Russian Federation rejoining this group of the world’s seven most industrialized and powerful nations: ‘‘It would be an asset to have Russia back in. I think it would be good for the world. I think it would be good for Russia. I think it would be good for the United States. I think it would be good for all of the countries of the current G–7. I think the G8 would be better.’’ Such a statement, even for this President, is stunning. On March 24, 2014, the current group of G–7 states suspended the Russian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.038 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3754 June 12, 2018 
Federation, in response to its illegal invasion and occupation of the Ukrain-ian territory of Crimea. Since then, the Government of the Russian Federation continues to illegally occupy Crimea and has utterly failed to fulfill its obli-gations under the Minsk Agreements to end its violent aggression in eastern Ukraine. Russia has failed to respect a full ceasefire; it has failed to pull back its heavy weaponry; it has failed to permit the monitoring and verification of a ceasefire regime; and it has failed to ensure access for humanitarian aid to conflict-affected individuals. The story does not stop with Ukraine. Since 2014, the Government of the Russian Federation has greatly ex-panded its aggression around the world, including against the United States with the attack on our 2016 elec-tion. The Kremlin continues to inter-fere in elections, wage cyber attacks, engage in corruption and political med-dling, and spread lies and disinformation—all with the goal to di-vide societies, undermine the rules- based international order, and break up longstanding transatlantic alliances. Our intelligence community has re-peatedly asserted that the Kremlin will likely target our elections again this fall. The very ideal of democracy as a system of government is under con-stant assault from a Kremlin bent on destroying the international rules- based order. Upon considering these facts, no ob-server could seriously think Russia de-serves to be welcomed back into the G– 7 club. Any such suggestion is ludi-crous and must be dismissed out of hand. The United States is a country long governed by the rule of law, where breaking the rules has consequences. More broadly, the United States has helped to create the rules-based order in the international community that has undoubtedly served the interests of the American people and benefited the world since the end of WWII by fos-tering peace and prosperity. The United States is bound with other G–7 nations not just because of the size of our economies, but because of our shared values and common cause to foster societies in which our citizens can live freely, peacefully, and pros-perously. Inviting the current Govern-ment of the Russian Federation to re-join the circle of G–7 world leaders when President Vladimir Putin’s re-gime poses an ongoing threat to our freedom, peace, and prosperity serves his interests, not ours. President Trump’s suggestion to re-admit Russia to the G–7 and his subse-quent disavowal of the joint commu-nique which the United States and other G–7 nations successfully nego-tiated in Charlevoix defy logic. More outrageously, they reflect his propen-sity to praise autocrats while attack-ing our allies and the democratic val-ues and rules-based system they de-fend. Does it put America first to side with autocrats? This President seems to think so. I have submitted an amendment to the defense authorization bill calling on President Trump to retract his com-ments on readmitting Russia to the G– 7. Absent any change in the Kremlin’s efforts to undermine the rules-based international order or its illegal occu-pation of Crimea, the G–7 should not even consider welcoming the Russian Federation back into its fold, let alone with open arms. This amendment sends a necessary and strong message that the United States stands by our friends and the international rules-based order that benefits American workers and American national security. I am com-mitted to working with my Senate col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to shore up our closest alliances and to hold the Russian government account-able for its aggression in Ukraine, the United States, and beyond. I urge adop-tion of this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for as long as I may require. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MITCH M
CCONNELL AS THE LONGEST SERVING SENATE REPUBLICAN LEADER Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Senate majority leader, Senator M
ITCH M
CCONNELL of Kentucky, will become the longest serving Senate Republican leader in history, surpassing former Senator Bob Dole of Kansas. This is ac-cording to the Senate historical office. Today is Senator M
CCONNELL ’s 4,179th day as Senate Republican leader—a po-sition he assumed on January 3, 2007, after Republicans lost control of both Chambers of Congress. I would like to take a few minutes to put Senator M
CCONNELL ’s leadership in perspective. That perspective begins in the year 1969. I was 29 years old and working in the Nixon White House. Senator Howard Baker, Jr., of Ten-nessee, said to me: ‘‘You might want to get to know that smart, young legisla-tive assistant for Marlow Cook.’’ Marlow Cook was Kentucky’s newly elected Republican Senator. That smart, young legislative assistant was 27-year-old M
ITCH MCCONNELL . If one has known him for a long time, the evolution of M
ITCH MCCONNELL ’s Senate leadership isn’t hard to trace. To begin with, when he was 2 years old, the doctor said: ‘‘Mitch has polio.’’ It is hard to imagine today how terrifying those words were for parents then. McConnell remembers: It was 1944. There was a serious epidemic that year all over the country. And the dis-ease was very unpredictable. First, you’d think you had the flu, and a couple of weeks later, some people would be completely nor-mal and some of them would be in an iron lung or dead. 
He continued: 
In my case, it affected my left quadriceps, the muscle between the knee and your thigh. And in one of the great good fortunes of my life, my mother was living with her sister in this little crossroads of Five Points, Ala-bama, where there was not even a stoplight— while my dad was overseas fighting the Ger-mans—and it happened to be 60 miles from Warm Springs, where President Roosevelt had gone [to treat his own polio]. My mother took me to Warm Springs. They taught her a physical therapy regimen, and said to do it four times a day and to keep me off my feet. She watched me every minute and prevented me from really walking. My first memory in life is when they told my mother I was going to be okay, that I’d be able to walk without a limp, and we stopped at a shoe store in LaGrange, Geor-gia, on the way back to Alabama to get a pair of low top shoes, which were a kind of symbol I was going to have a normal child-hood. 
If one knows about the determina-tion of M
ITCH MCCONNELL ’s mother, it is not hard to imagine how her son de-termined as a college student to be a U.S. Senator, and did; determined to be his party’s Senate leader, and did; and then determined to hold that leader-ship position longer than anyone in U.S. history, and has. This was an ar-duous, two-decade leadership journey: chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, counselor to Majority Leader Trent Lott, majority whip, minority leader, and finally, ma-jority leader. As for his mother’s example, this is what M
ITCH MCCONNELL said: ‘‘It sure had to have an effect on me, which was that if you stick to something, you keep working at it and giving it your best, the chances are you may actually overcome whatever problem you’re cur-rently confronting.’’ A second leadership quality that M
ITCH MCCONNELL learned early—in a fistfight—was to not be pushed around. According to M
CCONNELL , ‘‘I was about 7. We lived in Athens, Alabama, and I had a friend across the street named Dicky McGrew who was a year older than I was and considerably bigger. He was also a bully and he kept kind of pushing me around. And my dad called me over and said, ‘Son, I’ve been watching the way he’s been pushing you around and I want you to go over there and I want you beat him up.’’’ So, M
CCONNELL says, ‘‘I went across the street and started swinging and I beat him up and bent his glasses, and it was an incredible lesson in standing up to bullies and I’ve thought about that throughout my life at critical moments when people are trying to push you around.’’ As a junior Senator on the Foreign Relations Committee, M
ITCH MCCON-
NELL surprised colleagues when he sponsored sanctions against the apart-heid regime in South Africa, and then 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:39 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.050 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3755 June 12, 2018 
in 1986, he voted to override President Reagan’s veto of those sanctions, but these colleagues would not have been surprised had they known M
CCONNELL  25 years earlier when he was a student at the University of Louisville. He remembers: 
The civil rights movement was the defin-ing issue of our generation. Working as an intern in Congress during the summer of 1963, I got to see [Martin Luther King, Jr.’s] ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech. Then, in 1964, I was an intern in [Kentucky Senator] John Sherman Cooper’s office. Two important things happened in 1964. Cooper was in the middle of breaking the southern Senators’ filibuster on civil rights and we nominated Barry Goldwater, one of the few people who voted against the Civil Rights bill. Honestly, I was mad as hell about it. And I was so irri-tated about Goldwater voting against the Civil Rights bill and defining the Republican Party in a way that I thought would be un-fortunate that I voted for Lyndon Johnson, which in retrospect was a huge mistake. But it was a protest vote. 
That willingness as a college student to buck his own political party resur-faced 40 years later in his leadership on First Amendment free speech issues. In 2006, he cast the deciding vote against the adoption of a constitutional amendment to prohibit flag burning when most of his Republican colleagues and almost all of his constituents had a different point of view. He argued that the First Amendment protects even personally offensive messages, and M
CCONNELL became the Senate’s leading voice against restrictions on political speech under the guise of ‘‘campaign reform.’’ Again, some in his own party disagreed, including Presi-dent George W. Bush and Senator J
OHN M
CCAIN, but he persisted and on mul-tiple occasions, the Supreme Court has agreed with M
CCONNELL ’s view of pro-tecting political speech under the First Amendment. Two of the three U.S. Senate office buildings in Washington, DC, are named for Philip A. Hart of Michigan and Richard B. Russell, Jr., of Georgia, two Senators who were never elected to formal leadership positions by their colleagues. In this book, Senator M
CCONNELL discusses ‘‘leaders without portfolio’’ in some of his writings, de-scribing occasions when a Senator as-sumes a major policy role outside of the confines of formal party or com-mittee leadership. His favorite was Senator Cooper, whom M
ITCH has de-scribed as ‘‘my role model as a young man, a man of great conviction, very smart.’’ In his autobiography ‘‘The Long Game,’’ Senator M
CCONNELL tells of when Cooper took him to the signing of the Civil Rights Act and, later on, of watching Cooper’s principled ques-tioning of the Vietnam war. Senator Cooper’s example must have influenced his young intern’s one-man crusade 20 years later against a repres-sive junta in faraway Burma. Accord-ing to the New York Times, on Sep-tember 15, 2016, Senator M
CCONNELL  ‘‘has been a lead sponsor of every major sanctions measure against the Burmese government over the last 20 years and has worked quietly and tire-lessly with several administrations to try to bring democracy to the coun-try.’’ ‘‘Unlike South African apartheid, it was a totally unknown cause,’’ his for-eign policy adviser, Robin Cleveland, told the Times. He championed the cause of Burma’s pro-democracy lead-er, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, who for years was under house arrest. In 2012, when San Suu Kyi came to Wash-ington, DC, as the new head of govern-ment, she traveled to Kentucky ‘‘to thank [MCCONNELL ] for everything he did for us over, well, two decades. That’s a long time,’’ she said. Of course, in order to be the Senate leader, one first has to be elected to the Senate. In M
ITCH MCCONNELL ’s early career, one can find multiple clues that point to his fascination with political campaigns and the pugnacious style with which he wins them. Of course, an early signal was the fistfight with Dicky McGrew. Another: ‘‘I was the only 14-year-old in America watch-ing political conventions from gavel to gavel [and] I began to practice the craft and see if I could get good at it.’’ When he was elected president of his high school student body, he remem-bers, ‘‘I was hooked.’’ At the Univer-sity of Louisville, he campaigned for president of student council both in college and in law school, participated in civil rights marches on the State capitol, and as president of the College Republicans, persuaded Barry Gold-water to come to campus to speak. He did learn the craft of the politics, and he did get good at it. He is undefeated in his own political cam-paigns, winning six Senate races in Kentucky, more than any other Com-monwealth Senator. He has been elect-ed Republican leader more than any other U.S. Senator, each time unani-mously, and he has been proficient in not just his own races. In 2010 and 2012, the Senate Conserv-ative Fund helped nominate Repub-lican candidates in five States who lost the general election when more main-stream conservative nominees might have won. So, in 2014 and 2016, M
CCON-
NELL organized an effort to defend in-cumbent Republican Senators who were challenged in primaries. He was successful in every case, including his own primary. This is what he said: 
We were not going to allow [what happened in 2010 and 2012] to happen anymore. And so we got the most electable people nominated who basically took them on, because if you’re dealing with a group of people who think compromise is a dirty word and who always want to make a point but never want to make a difference, the only thing to do if you want to win the election is to beat them. 
Mostly, M ITCH MCCONNELL ’s political skills were born of necessity. In July 1984, he was 34 points behind in his challenge to incumbent Democrat Sen-ator Dee Huddleston. M
CCONNELL dis-covered that his opponent had been making speeches for money—now, that was legal then—but Dee Huddleston had been missing Senate votes to make those speeches. So MCCONNELL ran an ad featuring a Kentucky hunter with bloodhounds looking for Senator Hud-dleston to get him back to work. In an-other ad, the dog treed the Senator right at the end of what became known as ‘‘the bloodhound campaign.’’ M
CCONNELL defeated Huddleston by fourth-tenths of 1 percent of the vote. I have searched in vain for early clues to one more aspect of M
ITCH M
CCONNELL ’s leadership style: his par-simonious use of words. Sometimes he reverts to absolute silence. In his auto-biography, he admits he only speaks to the press when it is to his advantage. He also tells of when Microsoft founder Bill Gates visited him and the two of them just sat there waiting for one to speak, making others in the room un-comfortable. At another time, someone once told President George W. Bush that M
ITCH MCCONNELL was excited over a certain vote, and President Bush replied: ‘‘Really, how can you tell?’’ Why so few words? McConnell’s an-swer is, ‘‘I learn a lot more by listen-ing. And so frequently I start out by listening and think about what I want to say before I say it. You don’t get in trouble for what you don’t say. There’s nothing wrong with being cautious about your comments. I certainly don’t mind talking but I usually like to know what I’m talking about before I venture down that path.’’ He is not the first Senate leader to be frugal with words. According to col-umnist Bob Novak, former majority leader Mike Mansfield was the most difficult interview on ‘‘Meet the Press’’ because ‘‘I would ask Mansfield a ques-tion and he says ‘Yep,’ and then I would ask him another one and he’d say, ‘Nope’ and I’d run out of ques-tions.’’ Former Vice President Dick Cheney, in his constitutional capacity as President of the Senate, would at-tend weekly luncheons of Republican Senators, rarely saying a word. This made certain that, when Cheney did rise to speak, Senators listened. And silence, after all, was one of Benjamin Franklin’s 13 virtues and a tactic Franklin often employed in his leader-ship style. In July 2014, when he was minority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL spoke on the Senate floor about what kind of majority leader he would be if Repub-licans won the majority in the Novem-ber elections. His model, he said, would be Mike Mansfield, the Democrat who was majority leader 45 years earlier when M
CCONNELL and I were Senate aides. ‘‘What I meant by that,’’ he said, ‘‘was . . . first of all, you have to open the Senate up. The last year of the pre-vious [Democrat] majority (2014) there were only 15 roll call votes on amend-ments the entire year. In the first year of our majority, in 2015, we had over 200. Open the Senate up, let people vote. Number two, we needed regular order, which means the bill is actually worked on together in committee, comes out to the floor, with bipartisan support, and has a better chance of suc-cess. The best example I can think of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.041 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3756 June 12, 2018 
was the bill to rewrite ‘No Child Left Behind.’ The law had proved to be un-workable and unpopular. And by the time it came out of committee, you had the Democrats and the Repub-licans lined up, it went to the floor, it was relatively open for amendments, not that absolutely everybody got ev-erything they wanted, and in the end, it passed with a very large majority. President Obama called it a ‘Christmas Miracle’ and the Wall Street Journal said it was ‘the largest devolution of federal control to the states in a quar-ter-century.’’’ M
CCONNELL is quick to list a series of bipartisan accomplishments during his time as majority leader which he re-gards as ‘‘concrete legislative results for the American people.’’ In addition to the first significant education re-form since 2002, these accomplishments include the first significant reforms to Social Security since 1983, the first trade promotion authority bill since 2002, the first long-term highway bill since 2005, and the first major legisla-tion to confront the Nation’s opioid crisis. And don’t forget, he says, meas-ures to protect victims of human traf-ficking, to address Puerto Rico’s fiscal crisis, to sanction North Korea, to strengthen the Nation’s cybersecurity defenses, to reform Medicaid and to provide permanent tax relief for fami-lies and small businesses. These are se-rious accomplishments for a legislative body many had written off as irredeem-ably broken. ‘‘Now, what do all these things that we have done time after time under our majority have in common?’’ he asks. ‘‘In a time of divided government, we’re focusing on the things that we can agree on, and do those. Because when people elect divided government, I think what they’re saying is, I know you have big differences, but why don’t you look for the things you agree on and do those. And that’s how this ma-jority is totally different from the pre-vious one.’’ To gather other clues for what kind of majority leader M
CCONNELL would be, one only had to look to previous Congresses when he was minority lead-er and was at the center of four major, bipartisan legislative efforts that helped to keep the American economy from being seriously damaged. At the end of 2010, the country was facing a tax ‘‘cliff.’’ Republicans controlled nei-ther the White House nor Congress. With an economy still reeling from the Great Recession, the expiration of tax relief threatened to further imperil the economy; yet Senator M
CCONNELL led a bipartisan effort to ensure that taxes were not raised on any Americans. The next year, the United States was on the verge of defaulting on its debt payments for the first time in history. With the clock ticking on the full faith and credit of the United States and ca-lamitous economic consequences star-ing policymakers in the face, Senator M
CCONNELL negotiated an eleventh hour deal with Vice President Joe Biden. This measure avoided the dev-astating economic consequences of de-fault and resulted in the most signifi-cant spending reductions in recent memory. In late 2012, the United States risked prolonging the Great Recession and in-creasing unemployment due to a series of expiring tax policies and indiscrimi-nate spending cuts scheduled to take effect on January 1, 2013. Once again, Senator MCCONNELL crafted a bipar-tisan compromise with Vice President Biden to avert this fiscal crisis by pre-venting a tax increase on a majority of Americans and making the spending cuts in a more prudent manner. Finally, in 2013, a standoff involving Federal spending and the debt limit led to the second longest Federal shutdown since 1980, threatening thousands of public and private sector jobs, and put-ting the economic health of the coun-try in jeopardy. Despite these chal-lenges, Senator M
CCONNELL orches-trated an agreement with then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid that re-opened the government and raised the debt ceiling, allowing the United States to continue making payments on its debt. The humorist Roy Blount, Jr., who grew up in Georgia has written, ‘‘You start getting in trouble when you stop sounding like where you grew up.’’ The political corollary is you start getting in trouble when you stop coming home. This is advice M
CCONNELL has not for-gotten. He and his wife, Elaine, go home to Kentucky almost every week-end. He has kept his eye on Kentucky matters, both large and small, includ-ing disposal of chemical weapons that have long been stored in the middle of Kentucky, enacting a tobacco buyout to help local farmers, support for the State’s public universities, and his ad-vocacy for workers at the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant. Kentucky an-glers and tourists appreciate his help-ing to enact a law to require the Army Corps of Engineers to allow fishing below the dams on the Cumberland River. Twenty years ago, he created the McConnell Center at the University of Louisville, attracting a bipartisan parade of national leaders to visit with 10 scholars chosen each year from each undergraduate class. Each year, M
ITCH MCCONNELL buys 12 season tickets to the University of Louisville football games. He said: 
I have some regulars. We go to every home game and occasionally an away game. We make a day of it. We go out early. One of my friends has an RV in the parking lot and we will talk about what will happen in the game and then go to the game and then we talk about what did happen after the game and it’s a complete, lengthy exercise. And one of the great joys of life. 
MITCH MCCONNELL ’s University of Louisville honors thesis on Henry Clay tempted him to pursue a Ph.D. in American history and a career as a pro-fessor, but those of us who know him doubt that he would have been satisfied interpreting the action rather than being in the middle of the action, but his devotion to American history and his understanding of the importance of the U.S. Senate as a unique institution in American life have contributed a valuable extra dimension to his Senate leadership. In a 2016 C–SPAN interview, he was asked: ‘‘What would you like for high school American history teachers to tell their students about the United States Senate?’’ He replied: That the Senate has been the indispensable legislative body. Because that’s the place where things are sorted out, the place where only rarely does the majority get things ex-actly their own way, the place where sta-bility can occur. 
And at a time when many Americans are not optimistic about our country’s future, he was asked: ‘‘What would you want those teachers to tell students about their future in this country?’’ M
ITCH MCCONNELL replied: 
Because of our woeful ignorance of Amer-ican history we always think the current pe-riod we’re in is tougher than others. We’ve had nothing like the Civil War period. We haven’t had a single incident where a Con-gressman from South Carolina came over and almost beat to death a Senator from Massachusetts. America’s had plenty of tough challenges. World Wars. Depressions. This is a great country. We’re going to deal with whatever our current problems are, and move on to another level. And I’m just as op-timistic as I ever was that this generation is going to leave behind a better America than our parents left behind for us. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume consideration of H.R. 5515. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Toomey amendment No. 2700. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 2700 to amendment No. 2282, as modified, to H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. Pat Toomey, Ted Cruz, Cindy Hyde- Smith, James Lankford, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, Marco Rubio, Mitch McConnell, Ben Sasse, James M. Inhofe, James E. Risch, John Barrasso, Cory Gardner, John Thune, Steve Daines, Ron Johnson. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.042 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3757 June 12, 2018 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the Inhofe amendment No. 2282, as modified. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 2282, as modified, to H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, Deb Fischer, Mike Rounds, Roger F. Wicker, Ted Cruz, Cindy Hyde-Smith, James Lankford, Marco Rubio, James M. Inhofe, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, James E. Risch, John Bar-rasso, Cory Gardner, John Thune. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the bill, H.R. 5515. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Calendar No. 442, H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, Deb Fischer, Mike Rounds, Roger F. Wicker, Ted Cruz, Cindy Hyde-Smith, James Lankford, Marco Rubio, James M. Inhofe, John Cornyn, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, James E. Risch, John Bar-rasso, Cory Gardner, John Thune. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 835. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Christopher Krebs, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary for National Protection and Programs, Department of Homeland Security. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate vote on the nomination with no in-tervening action or debate; that if con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Krebs nomina-tion? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SECOND ANNIVERSARY OF THE PULSE NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise to solemnly remember the 49 indi-viduals who died and the 53 who were wounded at Pulse Orlando, an LGBT nightclub in Orlando, FL, 2 years ago. I will never forget waking up in the early hours that Sunday, to hear that a 29-year-old gunman, armed with a Sig Sauer MCX assault rifle, walked into a nightclub and massacred 49 individuals in one of the deadliest mass shootings ever witnessed in our country. To this day, so many lives impacted from the attack are still on the long road to recovery and healing. To all of the families and loved ones of those who were lost and injured during the attack, please continue to accept my deepest condolences. Please also know I will not rest until our country is safe from gun violence. We cannot simply sit back and do noth-ing while mass shootings continue to devastate our communities, our places of worship, our music venues, our schools, and our workplaces. In the days that followed the Pulse nightclub attack, I, along with Senator N
ELSON and a number of my colleagues, resurrected calls for legislation to allow the FBI to deny gun transfers to known or suspected terrorists who pose a public safety risk. The legislation was a direct response to Pulse. In fact, the gunman in Or-lando was ISIL-inspired and fueled by hateful extremism and had previously been placed on the FBI’s Terrorist Watchlist after earlier investigative warnings to the FBI were made about him. And, yet, the man was allowed to walk into a gun store, pass a back-ground check without any notification to the FBI, and walk out with a Sig Sauer MCX, a modern assault rifle with devastating killing capability. Alarming statistics over a 10-year pe-riod demonstrate that, from February 2004 through December 2014, there were 2,233 cases in which a known or sus-pected terrorist identified in Federal terrorist watchlist records attempted to buy or receive a gun or explosives. In 91 percent of these cases—a total of 2,043 different times—the known or suspected terrorist was cleared to buy or receive the firearm or explosives. In 2013 and 2014 alone, FBI data specifi-cally showed that individuals on ter-rorist watchlists were involved in fire-arm-related background checks 485 times, and 455 of those—about 94 per-cent—were allowed to proceed. It appeared there was widespread agreement to finally take action and ensure that no one who is a known or suspected terrorist, with ISIL affili-ations, would be allowed to walk into a gun store and pass a Federal back-ground check to obtain a gun. How-ever, because of the gun lobby’s stri-dent opposition, and Republican sub-mission to that opposition, the legisla-tion withered and failed. Unfortunately, the problem of mass shootings has continued to devastate this Nation. In October 2017 in Las Vegas, a single gunman with multiple assault rifles outfitted with bump stocks killed 58 people gathered to lis-ten to a concert from his hotel room window. Numerous eyewitness ac-counts described the scene as a ‘‘warzone.’’ In Sutherland Springs, TX, in No-vember 2017, a gunman walked into a church sanctuary on a Sunday, and killed 26 people, ranging from the el-derly to young children. Earlier this year, a 19-year-old gun-man who legally purchased an AR–15 style rifle just after his 18th birthday used it to kill 14 of his former high school classmates and three educators at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL. These shootings are heartbreaking. Time and again, I have stood here to ask my colleagues to show courage, to stand up to the gun lobby, and do something. These calls are only grow-ing louder. Young people are now also taking to the streets like never before and demanding action. They are calling for weapons of war to be taken off of our streets, and they are calling for universal background checks. They are fighting for changes to our laws because they don’t want to live in a country where although we are 4.4 percent of the world’s popu-lation, we possess over 44 percent of the world’s firearms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12JN6.046 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3758 June 12, 2018 
They don’t want to live in a country where it is more politically expedient to bar doorways at schools, rather than ban assault weapons. They are calling for lawmakers to stand up and do what is right: to close loopholes in our gun laws and decisively take steps so they feel safe in their schools, their church-es, and their communities. Their sentiment is captured power-fully in an article I would like to share, that was written by Glennon Doyle Melton, an author and mother of three children. ‘‘Two weeks ago, my second and fourth grade daughters came home from school and told me that they’d had a code red drill... In case someone tries to kill us. We had to all hide in the bathroom together and be really quiet. It was really scary but the teacher said if there was a real man with a gun trying to find us, she’d cover us up and protect us from him. Tommy started crying. I tried to be brave.’’ She continued: ‘‘My three-year-old nephew had the same drill at his pre-school in Virginia. Three-year-old American babies and teachers—hiding in bathrooms, holding hands, preparing for death. We are saying to teachers: arm yourselves and fight men with as-sault weapons because we are too cow-ardly to fight the gun lobby. ‘‘We are saying to a terrified genera-tion of American children—We will not do what it takes to protect you. We will not even try. So just be very quiet, hide and wait. Hold your breath. Shhh.’’ By failing to act, year after year, these children all across our country are being forced to live in fear and have these kinds of ‘‘trainings.’’ We are asking our teachers to not focus on teaching math and English, but to wield weapons and fight off those armed to the teeth with mili-tary-style weapons. That can’t be the solution. We can no longer remain silent. We can no longer do nothing. We must stand up and fight. Our children and the generations to come demand it. I hope we will finally take action and pass these commonsense bills. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF SEEDS OF PEACE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, in 1993, American journalist and author John Wallach hosted a dinner with leaders from Israel, Egypt, and the Palestinian Authority. As he toasted his guests, he urged each country to send 15 young-sters to a new summer camp he had es-tablished in Otisfield, ME. That year, 46 teens, ages 13 to 18, and including three Americans, comprised the first class of the Seeds of Peace Camp. Twenty-five years later, Seeds of Peace now has 6,698 alumni throughout the Middle East, South Asia, Europe, and the United States. They came to Maine from 27 countries, many from places of conflict, for 3 weeks of camp-ing and social activities to promote un-derstanding, reconciliation, accept-ance, dialogue, coexistence, and peace. They returned home uniquely posi-tioned to lead change and with the courage to dispel the fear, mistrust, and prejudice that fuel conflict. It is a pleasure to congratulate this remarkable organization on its land-mark 25th anniversary. Seeds of Peace is able to bridge borders and foster peace in the midst of longstanding global conflicts. Many of those early campers are now holding decision-making positions in their home coun-tries, and I believe that the ‘‘seeds of peace’’ that were planted during their time in Maine will blossom into last-ing, visionary solutions to conflicts perpetuated by cycles of violence. Building on the success of the inter-national program, Seeds of Peace launched the Maine Seeds leadership program in 2000 in response to the changing demographics in our State re-sulting from a growing refugee popu-lation. These Maine Seeds organize year-round community and school ac-tivities that bridge divisions and create positive change. Seeds of Peace reveals the human face of youth who are too often exposed to hatred by engaging campers in both guided coexistence sessions and ordi-nary summer camp activities, such as sharing meals, canoeing, swimming, playing sports, and exploring cre-ativity through the arts and com-puters. These interactions and the last-ing friendships formed are creating new generations of leaders who will choose dialogue and understanding over vio-lence and hatred. In addition to the summer camp in Maine, Seeds of Peace provides year- round opportunities, through regional programming and the innovative use of technology, to enable former partici-pants to build on the relationships forged at camp, so that the learning processes begun at camp may continue in the participants’ home countries, where they are most needed. Seeds of Peace is strongly supported by participating governments and many world leaders. Federal funding for Seeds of Peace demonstrates and recognizes the importance of Seeds of Peace in promoting the foreign policy goals of the United States. The Seeds of Peace mission—to in-spire and cultivate new generations of leaders to accelerate the social, eco-nomic, and political changes essential for peace—is more essential than ever before. From a small summer camp in Maine a quarter of a century ago to a global movement today, Seeds of Peace has carried out that vital mission and brought new hope to the world. 
f 
YEAR OF THE HAWAIIAN Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, last weekend, we gathered in the Capitol Visitor Center to celebrate the 283rd birthday of King Kamehameha I, who, to the best of our knowledge, was born in Kohala, HI, in 1735. Since 1871, generations of Hawaiians have formally celebrated King Kamehameha’s birthday through an-nual celebrations—including floral pa-rades and lei-draping ceremonies. Ka-mehameha Day is celebrated across the State and is an acknowledged State holiday. These events recognize the many ac-complishments of Hawaii’s first King and his importance in unifying the Ha-waiian Islands. This year was no different, as this past weekend tens of thousands of indi-viduals gathered in Washington, DC, and Hawaii to remember his legacy and celebrate his accomplishments. However, this year’s ceremonies came at another important time of re-flection. On February 17, 2018, Gov. David Ige proclaimed 2018 to be the ‘‘Year of the Hawaiian, Ke Au Hawaii’’ in Hawaii. The Governor’s proclamation came after the Hawaii State Legislature made a similar proclamation for the year. So as we gathered to remember King Kamehameha, we also reflected more broadly on the achievements and con-tributions of Hawaii’s indigenous, Na-tive Hawaiian community in the areas of politics and government, education and the arts, music, writing and lit-erature, sports, business, medicine, law, and social work. We reflected on the restoration and revitalization of Native Hawaiian lan-guage and traditions and the impor-tance of promoting Native Hawaiian cultural practices. We remembered great statesmen like Daniel Kahikina Akaka, U.S. Senator of Native Hawaiian ancestry, who served in Congress over the course of five decades and recently passed away. We remembered philanthropists like Princess Bernice Pauahi Bishop. It has been 30 years since the last Year of the Hawaiian was celebrated in 1988, and important advancements by and for the Native Hawaiian commu-nity have been made since that time. We have seen the creation and expan-sion of Native Hawaiian immersion schools and Hawaiian-focused charter schools. We have seen the establish-ment of a College of Hawaiian Lan-guage at the University of Hawaii. We have seen the continued revitalization of Native Hawaiian navigation prac-tices, including through the Malama Honua Worldwide Voyage, which vis-ited more than 150 ports and 23 coun-tries and territories. We have seen more than 14,000 Native Hawaiians serve in the U.S. military. We have seen the return of land and re-patriation of Native Hawaiian cultural artifacts. We have seen the protection of Native Hawaiian burial sites. We have seen the expansion of Native Ha-waiian healthcare services. We have seen the expansion of opportunities for Native Hawaiian businesses. We have also seen the Federal Gov-ernment reiterate its special political and legal relationship with the Hawai-ian people based on their unique status 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.049 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3759 June 12, 2018 
as an indigenous people of this coun-try. These advancements, while impor-tant in themselves, represent a contin-ued commitment to making sure the Federal Government upholds its re-sponsibilities to the Hawaiian people. So as we continue through the Year of the Hawaiian and celebrate these achievements, let us also renew our commitment to the Hawaiian people and make sure we continue to fight for future generations. Mahalo nui loa. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DR. MATT JONES ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to offer my congratulations to Dr. Matt Jones, the 2018 American Op-tometric Association Young Optom-etrist of the Year. As the American Optometric Associa-tion, AOA, notes, there are young op-tometrists—those who have been in ac-tive practice 10 years or less, including residency or fellowship—who often show remarkable leadership skills when serving their profession, their pa-tients, and their community. Dr. Matthew Jones graduated from the University of Evansville in 2005 with a bachelor of science in bio-chemistry. From there, he attended my alma mater, the Southern College of Optometry in Memphis, TN, where he graduated with honors in 2009. Dr. Jones lives in Blytheville, AR, along with his wife and daughter, and prac-tices in Blytheville and Osceola. He also serves as president of the Ar-kansas Optometric Association. Dr. Jones received the Arkansas Young Op-tometrist of the Year Award in 2012 and serves on many committees in the or-ganization, including State legal legis-lative, national legal legislative, con-vention, career guidance, and AOP- PAC. He is also a member of the board of directors for the AOA’s charitable foundation, Vision Arkansas. In the community, Dr. Jones is a member of the Blytheville Rotary Club, where he previously served as treasurer. He is currently chairman of the Blytheville Rotary Foundation, in addition to being secretary/treasurer of the Great River Charitable Clinic board of directors where he provides free eyecare services and materials for the under-served. We are so proud of Dr. Jones and his accomplishments. He is a great care provider, leader, and member of the community. This recognition is yet an-other example of the respect and admi-ration his peers have for him. Congratulations to Dr. Jones on this well-deserved honor, and I look forward to his continued leadership in the com-ing years.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:56 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.R. 5895. An act making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: 
H.R. 5895. An act making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5504. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of four (4) offi-cers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral or rear admiral (lower half) in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5505. A communication from the Policy Analyst, Department of the Army, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Motor Ve-hicle Traffic Supervision (Specific Installa-tions)’’ (RIN0702–AA90) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5506. A communication from the Law Enforcement Policy Analyst, Department of the Army, Department of Defense, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Use of Force by Personnel Engaged in Law Enforcement and Security Duties’’ (RIN0702–AA87) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–5507. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curities Transaction Settlement Cycle’’ (RIN3064–AE64) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5508. A communication from the Sec-retary, Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Optional Internet Availability of Investment Company Share-holder Reports’’ (RIN3235–AL42) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 8, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–5509. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Addition of Nonylphenol Ethoxylates Category; Community Right-to-Know Toxic Chemical Release Reporting’’ (FRL No. 9979– 16–OSCPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5510. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Removal of Department of Environ-mental Protection Gasoline Volatility Re-quirements for the Pittsburgh-Beaver Valley Area’’ (FRL No. 9977–44–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–5511. A communication from the Chair-man of the Board of Governors, U.S. Postal Service, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Re-port for the period of October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–5512. A communication from the Chief of the Border Security Regulations Branch, Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Air Cargo Advance Screening (ACAS)’’ (RIN1651– AB04) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 7, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–5513. A communication from the Dep-uty Bureau Chief, Public Safety and Home-land Security Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Part 11 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding the Emergency Alert System’’ ((PS Docket No. 15–94) (FCC 18–39)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5514. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund, WC Docket Nos. 18–143, 10–90, 14–58’’ ((RIN3060–AK57) (FCC 18–57)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 11, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–243. A joint resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Alabama applying to the United States Congress, pursuant to Article V of the Constitution of the United States, to call a convention of the states limited to proposing an amendment that limits the number of terms of office a person may serve as a Member of the United States House of Representatives and as a Member of the United States Senate; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H
OUSE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 23 Whereas, Article V of the Constitution of the United States provides that Congress shall call a convention for the purpose of proposing an amendment to the Constitution upon application by at least two-thirds of the states urging such action; now therefore, be it Resolved by the legislature of Alabama, both houses thereof concurring, That we hereby make application to Congress, pursuant to Article V of the Constitution of the United States of America, urging Congress to call a convention limited to proposing an amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States of America to limit the number of terms a person may serve as a Member of the United States House of Representatives and as a Member of the United States Senate. Be it further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:44 Sep 26, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S12JN8.REC S12JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3760 June 12, 2018 
Resolved, That the Alabama Secretary of State is directed to transmit copies of this resolution making application to Congress to call a convention to the President of the United States, the President of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, each mem-ber of the Alabama Delegation to the United States Congress, and to the presiding officers of each of the legislative houses in each state. Be it further Resolved, That this application shall be considered as covering the same subject mat-ter as the applications from other states to Congress to call a convention to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected to the United States House of Rep-resentatives and the United States Senate; and this application shall be combined with the applications of other states for the pur-pose of attaining the two-thirds of the states necessary to require Congress to call a lim-ited convention for the purpose of setting term limits on the Members of Congress, but shall not be combined with applications on any other subject. Be it further Resolved, That this resolution constitutes a continuing application in accordance with Article V of the Constitution of the United States until the legislatures of at least two- thirds of the states have made applications on the same subject. 
POM–244. A resolution adopted by the City Council of Hialeah, Florida memorializing its support for strengthening the Florida Ban on Texting While Driving Law by mak-ing it a first offense; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CRAPO for the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. *Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2006. *Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a term of four years. *Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from February 1, 2008. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. 3049. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require paper ballots and risk limiting audits in all Federal elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. PORTMAN: S. 3050. A bill to improve executive agency digital services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. BENNET ): S. 3051. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to establish a working group to study regulatory and legislative improve-ments for the livestock, insect, and agricul-tural commodities transport industries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. GARDNER: S. 3052. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on heavy trucks and trailers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ): S. 3053. A bill to amend title XXI of the So-cial Security Act to ensure access to mental health and substance use disorder services for children and pregnant women under the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. PERDUE: S. 3054. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to create alternative sanctions for technical noncompliance with the Stark rule under Medicare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. HARRIS: S. 3055. A bill to waive the fees for replace-ment of critical documents for certain indi-viduals, and to designate child care as a crit-ical service; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mr. HOEVEN: S. 3056. A bill to establish a more uniform, transparent, and modern process to author-ize the construction, connection, operation, and maintenance of international border- crossing facilities for the import and export of oil and natural gas and the transmission of electricity; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C ASEY , Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. C ORNYN , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): S. 3057. A bill to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail shipments of mail; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. Res. 540. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that flowers grown in the United States support the farmers, small businesses, jobs, and economy of the United States, that flower farming is an honorable vocation, and designating July as ‘‘American Grown Flower Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. M ARKEY ): S. Res. 541. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that any United States- Saudi Arabia civilian nuclear cooperation agreement must prohibit the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from enriching uranium or sep-arating plutonium on its own territory, in keeping with the strongest possible non-proliferation ‘‘gold standard’’; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. CARDIN , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. W ARNER ): S. Res. 542. A resolution congratulating the Washington Capitals for winning the 2018 Stanley Cup hockey championship; consid-ered and agreed to . By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. Res. 543. A resolution congratulating the Florida State University Seminoles softball team for winning the 2018 National Colle-giate Athletic Association Women’s College World Series; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M
ARKEY , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. Res. 544. A resolution celebrating June 11, 2018, as the 20th anniversary of the estab-lishment of the United States Coral Reef Task Force; considered and agreed to. By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OR-
NYN, Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. C ARPER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. C OL-
LINS, and Mr. C ARDIN ): S. Res. 545. A resolution honoring the memory of the victims of the terrorist at-tack on the Pulse Orlando nightclub on June 12, 2016; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 256 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 256, a bill to establish the Stop, Ob-serve, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to ad-dress human trafficking in the health care system. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 515 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 515, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to maintain a publicly avail-able list of all employers that relocate a call center overseas, to make such companies ineligible for Federal grants or guaranteed loans, and to require dis-closure of the physical location of busi-ness agents engaging in customer serv-ice communications, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:37 Sep 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\JUNE\S12JN8.REC S12JN8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3761 June 12, 2018 
cosponsors of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in rec-ognition of his achievements and con-tributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 817 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 817, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the age requirement with respect to eligi-bility for qualified ABLE programs. 
S. 974 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 974, a bill to promote competition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chi-nese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1212, a bill to provide family members of an individual who they fear is a dan-ger to himself, herself, or others, and law enforcement, with new tools to prevent gun violence. 
S. 1324 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1324, a bill to prevent a person who has been convicted of a misdemeanor hate crime, or received an enhanced sen-tence for a misdemeanor because of hate or bias in its commission, from obtaining a firearm. 
S. 1354 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1354, a bill to establish an In-dividual Market Reinsurance fund to provide funding for State individual market stabilization reinsurance pro-grams. 
S. 1520 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1520, a bill to expand recreational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and man-agement, and for other purposes. 
S. 1545 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1545, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide the same level of Federal matching assist-ance for every State that chooses to expand Medicaid coverage to newly eli-gible individuals, regardless of when such expansion takes place. S. 1580 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1580, a bill to enhance the trans-parency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and sec-ondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. 
S. 1677 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1677, a bill to amend the Food, Agriculture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to improve access to grants and loans for evidence-based substance use disorder treatment services in rural areas, and for other purposes. 
S. 1678 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1678, a bill to amend the Con-solidated Farm and Rural Development Act to improve access to grants and loans for evidence-based substance use disorder treatment services in rural areas, and for other purposes. 
S. 1947 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1947, a bill to improve food safety, to encourage greater production of ag-ricultural commodities for use in the locality of production, to reauthorize and expand Department of Agriculture support of those efforts, and for other purposes. 
S. 2061 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2061, a bill to further deploy-ment of Next Generation 9–1–1 services to enhance and upgrade the Nation’s 9– 1–1 systems, and for other purposes. 
S. 2080 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2080, a bill to increase the role of the financial industry in combating human trafficking. 
S. 2221 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Ken-tucky (Mr. P
AUL) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2221, a bill to repeal the multi-State plan program. 
S. 2460 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2460, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire e-prescribing for coverage under part D of the Medicare program of pre-scription drugs that are controlled sub-stances. S. 2468 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2468, a bill to provide access to counsel for unaccompanied alien chil-dren. 
S. 2471 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2471, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to improve the compassionate release process of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2578 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2578, a bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Commerce to provide advanced no-tice to Congress before changing any questions on the decennial census, and for other purposes. 
S. 2955 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2955, a bill to reform the Mo-bility Fund Phase II challenge process conducted by the Federal Communica-tions Commission. 
S. 2957 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2957, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strength-en penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 2970 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2970, a bill to amend the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 to provide re-quirements on the use of assistance for broadband deployment, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 168, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 407 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 407, a resolution recognizing the critical work of human rights de-fenders in promoting human rights, the rule of law, democracy, and good gov-ernance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.012 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3762 June 12, 2018 
S. RES. 501 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 501, a resolution rec-ognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirming freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to promote democ-racy and good governance. 
S. RES. 526 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 526, a resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Senate that politicians should not interfere with a woman’s personal health care decisions or attempt to prevent providers from offering their full medical rec-ommendations to their patients. 
S. RES. 539 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 539, a resolution urging the President to strengthen efforts of the United States to combat religious free-dom violations in Eurasia, especially the use of torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment, prolonged detention without charges, causing the disappearance of persons by the abduction or clandestine deten-tion of those persons, and other fla-grant denial of the right to life, lib-erty, or the security of persons. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2331 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2331 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2346 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2346 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2365 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2365 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 2367 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2367 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2385 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 2385 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2411 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2411 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2412 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 2412 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2571 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2571 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2578 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. CARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2578 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2625 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2625 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2630 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2630 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2648 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2648 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2660 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2660 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2662 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2662 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.013 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3763 June 12, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 2676 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2676 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2681 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2681 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2696 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) and the Senator from Illi-nois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 2696 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2725 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OB-
ERTS ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), and the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2725 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2726 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 2726 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2730 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 2730 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 2750 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2750 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2757 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2757 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2783 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was withdrawn as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2783 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 540—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT FLOWERS GROWN IN THE UNITED STATES SUP-PORT THE FARMERS, SMALL BUSINESSES, JOBS, AND ECON-OMY OF THE UNITED STATES, THAT FLOWER FARMING IS AN HONORABLE VOCATION, AND DESIGNATING JULY AS ‘‘AMER-ICAN GROWN FLOWER MONTH’’ Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. S
ULLIVAN , and Ms. H ARRIS ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judici-ary: 
S. R ES. 540 Whereas cut flower growers in the United States are hard-working, dedicated individ-uals who bring beauty, economic stimulus, and pride to their communities and the na-tion; Whereas the people of the United States have a long history of using flowers and greens grown in the United States to bring beauty to important events and express af-fection for loved ones; Whereas consumers spend almost $27,000,000,000 each year on floral products, including cut flowers, garden plants, bed-ding, and indoor plants; Whereas nearly 30 percent of households in the United States purchase fresh cut flowers and greens from more than 16,000 florists and floral establishments each year; Whereas the people of the United States in-creasingly want to support domestically pro-duced foods and agricultural products and would prefer to buy locally grown flowers whenever possible, yet a majority of domes-tic consumers do not know where the flowers they purchase are grown; Whereas in response to increased demand, the ‘‘Certified American Grown Flowers’’ logo was created in July 2014 in order to edu-cate and empower consumers to purchase flowers from domestic producers; Whereas, as of April 2017, millions of stems of domestically grown flowers are now ‘‘Cer-tified American Grown’’; Whereas domestic flower farmers produce thousands of varieties of flowers across the United States, such as peonies in Alaska, Gerbera daisies in California, lupines in Maine, tulips in Washington, lilies in Or-egon, and larkspur in Texas; Whereas the 5 flower varieties with the highest United States production are tulips, Gerbera daisies, lilies, gladiolas and irises; Whereas people in every State have access to domestically grown flowers, yet only 1 of 5 flowers sold in the United States is domes-tically grown; Whereas the domestic cut flower industry creates almost $42,000,000 in economic impact daily and supports hundreds of growers, thousands of small businesses, and tens of thousands of jobs in the United States; Whereas more people in the United States are expressing interest in growing flowers lo-cally, which has resulted in an approxi-mately 20 percent increase in the number of domestic cut flower farms between 2007 and 2012; Whereas most domestic cut flowers and greens are sold in the United States within 24 to 48 hours after harvest and last longer than flowers shipped longer distances; Whereas flowers grown domestically en-hance the ability of the people of the United States to festively celebrate weddings and births, and honor those who have passed; Whereas flower-giving has been a holiday tradition in the United States for genera-tions; Whereas flowers speak to the beauty of motherhood on Mother’s Day and to the spir-it of love on Valentine’s Day; Whereas flowers are an essential part of other holidays such as Thanksgiving, Christ-mas, Hanukkah, and Kwanzaa; Whereas flowers help commemorate the service and sacrifice of our Armed Forces on Memorial Day and Veterans Day; and Whereas the Senate encourages the cul-tivation of flowers in the United States by domestic flower farmers: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates July 2018 as ‘‘American Grown Flower Month’’; (2) recognizes that purchasing flowers grown in the United States supports the farmers, small businesses, jobs, and economy of the United States; (3) recognizes that growing flowers and greens in the United States is a vital part of the agricultural industry of the United States; (4) recognizes that cultivating flowers do-mestically enhances the ability of the people of the United States to festively celebrate holidays and special occasions; and (5) urges all people of the United States to proactively showcase flowers and greens grown in the United States in order to show support for our flower farmers, processors, and distributors as well as agriculture in the United States overall. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.014 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3764 June 12, 2018 
SENATE RESOLUTION 541—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT ANY UNITED STATES-SAUDI ARABIA CIVILIAN NUCLEAR COOPERATION AGREE-MENT MUST PROHIBIT THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA FROM ENRICHING URANIUM OR SEPARATING PLUTONIUM ON ITS OWN TERRITORY, IN KEEPING WITH THE STRONGEST POSSIBLE NONPROLIFERATION ‘‘GOLD STANDARD’’ Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 541 Whereas the Treaty on the Non-Prolifera-tion of Nuclear Weapons, done at Wash-ington, London, and Moscow July 1, 1968 (NPT), which is nearing its fiftieth anniver-sary, obligates non-nuclear weapon states, in Article II, ‘‘not to receive the transfer from any transferor whatsoever of nuclear weap-ons or other nuclear explosive devices or of control over such weapons or explosive de-vices directly, or indirectly; not to manufac-ture or otherwise acquire nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices; and not to seek or receive any assistance in the manu-facture of nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that any United States-Saudi Arabia civilian nuclear cooperation agreement under section 123 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2153), commonly known as a ‘‘123 Agreement’’, concluded in the future, must prohibit the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from enriching uranium or separating plutonium on its own territory, in keeping with the strongest possible nonproliferation ‘‘gold standard’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 542—CON-GRATULATING THE WASHINGTON CAPITALS FOR WINNING THE 2018 STANLEY CUP HOCKEY CHAM-PIONSHIP Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. K AINE, and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 542 Whereas, on June 7, 2018, the Washington Capitals won the 2018 Stanley Cup hockey championship; Whereas the Capitals, in their 44th year playing in the National Hockey League, won their first Stanley Cup; Whereas the Capitals defeated the Vegas Golden Knights in the Stanley Cup Final in 5 games, clinching the series with 4 wins and 1 loss, including 4 wins in a row to close out the series; Whereas the Capitals overcame 3 series deficits to 3 opponents en route to the Stan-ley Cup Final, defeating the Columbus Blue Jackets, the Pittsburgh Penguins, and the Tampa Bay Lightning to clinch the Eastern Conference title and win their second Prince of Wales Trophy; Whereas the Capitals became the first team from Washington, DC, in the 4 major professional sports leagues in the United States to win a championship since 1992; Whereas the Capitals overcame years of heartbreak to advance past the second round of the Stanley Cup playoffs for the first time since 1998; Whereas tens of thousands of Capitals fans watched Game 5 of the Stanley Cup Final outside of Capital One Arena in Washington, DC; Whereas Ted Leonsis, chief executive offi-cer of Monumental Sports and owner of the Washington Capitals since 1999, has built a culture of success and contributed greatly to the Washington, DC, community through philanthropy; Whereas John Walton, radio announcer for the Capitals, is beloved by Capitals fans and prophetically asserted this playoffs, ‘‘It’s OK to believe.’’; Whereas Alexander Ovechkin, captain of the Washington Capitals since 2010 and the first overall pick in the 2004 National Hockey League draft, exhibited extraordinary lead-ership and delivered superstar-caliber play, leading all scorers in the Stanley Cup play-offs with 15 goals and receiving the Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player for the 2018 Stanley Cup playoffs; Whereas during the 2018 Stanley Cup play-offs, Braden Holtby recorded a remarkable 0.922 save percentage and 2 shutouts; Whereas during the 2018 Stanley Cup play-offs, Evgeny Kuznetsov recorded 32 points, including 12 goals and 20 assists, the second most points scored in a Stanley Cup playoff year since 1997, and was only the fifth player to record 30 or more points in a single Stan-ley Cup playoff year since 1997; Whereas Barry Trotz, head coach of the Capitals, and the entire coaching staff kept the Capitals composed and organized, despite facing obstacles and adversity throughout the regular season and Stanley Cup playoffs; and Whereas the entire Capitals roster banded together as one family to contribute to the Stanley Cup victory, including Nicklas Backstrom, Jay Beagle, Travis Boyd, Madi-son Bowey, Andre Burakovsky, John Carl-son, Alex Chiasson, Brett Connolly, Pheonix Copley, Christian Djoos, Lars Eller, Shane Gersich, Philipp Grubauer, Braden Holtby, Jakub Jerabek, Michal Kempny, Evgeny Kuznetsov, Matt Niskanen, Dmitry Orlov, Brooks Orpik, T.J. Oshie, Alex Ovechkin, Devante Smith-Pelly, Chandler Stephenson, Jakub Vrana, Nathan Walker, and Tom Wil-son: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) congratulates the Washington Capitals and their dedicated fans for becoming the 2018 National Hockey League Stanley Cup champions; and (2) respectfully directs the Secretary of the Senate to transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to— (A) the founder, chairman, majority owner, and chief executive officer of Monumental Sports and owner of the Washington Cap-itals, Ted Leonsis; (B) the senior vice president and general manager of the Washington Capitals, Brian MacLellan; and (C) the head coach of the Washington Cap-itals, Barry Trotz. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 543—CON-GRATULATING THE FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY SEMINOLES SOFTBALL TEAM FOR WINNING THE 2018 NATIONAL COLLEGIATE ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION WOM-EN’S COLLEGE WORLD SERIES Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
EL-
SON) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 543 Whereas, on June 5, 2018, the Florida State University Seminoles softball team won the Women’s College World Series after sweeping the University of Washington Huskies 2–0 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Whereas the Florida State University Seminoles softball team has competed in 10 Women’s College World Series tournaments; Whereas, in winning the 2018 Women’s Col-lege World Series, the Florida State Univer-sity Seminoles softball team— (1) won its first Women’s College World Se-ries Championship; and (2) won Florida State University’s 15th na-tional championship in a team sport since the university began fielding intercollegiate athletic teams in 1946; Whereas the Florida State University soft-ball team finished the season with a record of 58 wins and 12 losses; Whereas infielder Jessie Warren was named Most Outstanding Player of the 2018 Women’s College World Series, tying the Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association (re-ferred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NCAA’’) record for hits in a Women’s College World Series; Whereas pitcher Meghan King finished the Women’s College World Series allowing only 1 earned run over 34 innings of pitching, the lowest earned run average in a Women’s Col-lege World Series in NCAA history; and Whereas the Florida State University Seminoles softball team is the 2018 NCAA Di-vision I National Champion: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commends Florida State University for winning the 2018 National Collegiate Ath-letic Association Women’s College World Se-ries; (2) recognizes the achievement and dedica-tion of all players, coaches, and support staff who contributed to winning the Women’s College World Series; (3) congratulates the citizens of Florida, Florida State University, and Seminole fans everywhere; and (4) requests that the Secretary of the Sen-ate transmit an enrolled copy of this resolu-tion to— (A) John E. Thrasher, President of Florida State University; (B) Stan Wilcox, Director of Athletics of Florida State University; and (C) Lonni Alameda, Head Coach of the Florida State University softball team. f SENATE RESOLUTION 544—CELE-BRATING JUNE 11, 2018, AS THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ES-TABLISHMENT OF THE UNITED STATES CORAL REEF TASK FORCE Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. M AR-
KEY, and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 544 Whereas 2018 marks the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the United States Coral Reef Task Force; Whereas the United States Coral Reef Task Force— (1) was established under Executive Order 13089 (63 Fed. Reg. 32701; relating to coral reef protection) on June 11, 1998, ‘‘to preserve and protect the biodiversity, health, herit-age, and social and economic value of U.S. coral reef ecosystems and the marine envi-ronment’’; (2) is composed of 12 Federal agencies, 7 States and territories of the United States, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Re-public of Palau; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:40 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.019 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3765 June 12, 2018 
(3) helps build partnerships, develop strate-gies, and provide support to carry out on- the-ground actions to conserve coral reefs; Whereas more than 50 percent of all species in federally managed fisheries depend on coral reefs at some stage during their life cy-cles; Whereas healthy coral reef ecosystems are havens for biological diversity and abun-dance, providing important habitats, spawn-ing areas, and nursery grounds for fish, crus-taceans, algae, and other species; Whereas, in November 2016, the Inter-national Coral Reef Initiative— (1) declared 2018 as the International Year of the Reef for the third time; and (2) encouraged— (A) strengthening awareness globally about the value of, and threats to, coral reefs and associated ecosystems; (B) promoting partnerships between gov-ernments, the private sector, academia, and civil society on the management of coral reefs; (C) identifying and implementing effec-tive management strategies for conserva-tion, increased resiliency, and sustainable use of coral reefs and associated eco-systems; and (D) promoting and sharing information on best practices relating to sustainable coral reef management strategies; Whereas coral reefs— (1) directly benefit the economy of the United States by supporting coastal tourism, fisheries, biomedicine development, and tra-ditional and cultural uses; and (2) provide an indirect economic benefit in the form of shoreline protection from high seas and severe storm surge from hurricanes and tsunamis; Whereas coral reefs face ongoing threats from changing ocean conditions, nutrient pollution from coastal runoff, invasive spe-cies, recurring disease outbreaks and bleach-ing events, and poor coastal resource man-agement; Whereas approximately 
1⁄3of the coral reefs in the world are degraded, and another 
1⁄3of coral reefs are at risk of further degradation in the next few decades without effective management and restoration; and Whereas the conservation and restoration of healthy, fully functioning coral reefs helps to sustain resilient coasts and vibrant economies by providing food, promoting cul-tural values, supporting livelihoods, and pro-tecting human health and safety and coastal properties: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate celebrates June 11, 2018, as the 20th anniversary of the estab-lishment of the United States Coral Reef Task Force in order to— (1) highlight the importance of the coral reefs of the United States; (2) acknowledge the important research and management accomplishments of the United States Coral Reef Task Force; and (3) encourage a continued focus on efforts to protect and restore coral reef ecosystems of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 545—HON-ORING THE MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE TERRORIST AT-TACK ON THE PULSE ORLANDO NIGHTCLUB ON JUNE 12, 2016 Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. C ARPER , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. BLUMENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. S
CHATZ , Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
Whereas, in the early hours of Sunday, June 12, 2016, a 29-year-old man from Ft. Pierce, Florida, killed 49 and wounded 53 in-nocent people in a horrific terrorist attack on Pulse Orlando, a lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender nightclub, during Latin night; Whereas the gunman, who was investigated in 2013–2014 by the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘FBI’’) for possible connections to terrorism, pledged his allegiance to the leader of the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘ISIL’’); Whereas then-President Obama called the attack an act of both terror and hate as well as an attack on all of the people of the United States and the fundamental values of equality and dignity; Whereas the attack was, at the time, the deadliest mass shooting in the modern his-tory of the United States and is the worst terrorist attack on United States soil since September 11, 2001; Whereas the law enforcement professionals of the city of Orlando and Orange County, Florida, the Florida Department of Law En-forcement, the FBI, and the Bureau of Alco-hol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives, and other emergency and health care profes-sionals responded to the attack bravely and admirably and in a coordinated manner, sav-ing many lives; Whereas following the attack, hundreds of people stood in long lines to donate blood for those injured in the attack, and the people of Orlando, the State of Florida, and the United States expressed overwhelming support for the victims, their families, and their loved ones regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, or sexual orientation; Whereas local organizations and caregivers came together with the Federal, State, and local government to support the victims and help the community heal; Whereas the community of Orlando and communities across the State of Florida and the United States, in the spirit of unity and respect, continue to support the victims, their families, their loved ones, and all those affected by the attack, as well as the brave men and women of Federal, State, and local law enforcement and other emergency and health care professionals for their dedicated service to their communities; Whereas Tuesday, June 12, 2018, marks 2 years since the attack; and Whereas the threat of terrorist attacks against the United States and its allies per-sists, including the threat posed by home-grown terrorists inspired by foreign terrorist organizations like ISIL: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates the victims killed in the horrific terrorist attack on the Pulse Or-lando nightclub on June 12, 2016, and offers heartfelt condolences and deepest sym-pathies for their families, loved ones, and friends; (2) honors the survivors of the attack and pledges continued support for their recovery; (3) recognizes the unity, compassion, and resilience of the Orlando community after the attack; (4) applauds the dedication and bravery of Federal, State, and local law enforcement and counterterrorism officials for their ef-forts to respond to the attack, prevent fu-ture attacks, and secure communities; (5) stands together with all people of the United States, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, sex, or sexual orientation, in the face of terror and hate; and (6) reaffirms the commitment of the United States and its allies to defeat the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant and other terrorist groups at home and abroad and to address the threat posed by homegrown ter-rorism. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 2784. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for de-fense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2785. Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2786. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. D UR-
BIN) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2787. Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. N ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2788. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2789. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2790. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2791. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2792. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2793. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2794. Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.024 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3766 June 12, 2018 
SA 2795. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2796. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2797. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2798. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2799. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2800. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2801. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Ms. S
MITH) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2802. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2803. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2804. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2805. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2806. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2807. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2808. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2809. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2810. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. MCCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2811. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2812. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2813. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2814. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2815. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2816. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2817. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2818. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2819. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2820. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2821. Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2822. Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2823. Mr. SCOTT submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2824. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2825. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2826. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2827. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2828. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2829. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2830. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2831. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2832. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2833. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2834. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2835. Mr. MORAN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2836. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2837. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2838. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2839. Mrs. McCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2840. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2841. Mr. SCOTT submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.025 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3767 June 12, 2018 
and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2842. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) proposed an amendment to amend-ment SA 2366 proposed by Mr. L
EE(for him- self, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , and Mr. C RUZ) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra. SA 2843. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. D AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2844. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2845. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2846. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. J
OHNSON , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. S COTT) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2847. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2848. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2849. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2850. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2851. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2852. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2853. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2854. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr . S CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2855. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2856. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2857. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2858. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2859. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE  (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 2784. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. PROGRAM TO COMMEMORATE THE HOLOCAUST. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a program to com-memorate the Holocaust. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The commemorative pro-gram shall be designed— (1) to remember— (A) the Holocaust; (B) the annihilation of 6,000,000 Jews by the Nazi regime; and (C) the mass murder of Roma, Slavs, and others; and (2) to pay tribute to the Allied troops who liberated Nazi concentration camps during World War II. (c) C
ONSULTATION IN DESIGN .—In designing the commemorative program, the Secretary shall consult with the Director of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. 
SA 2785. Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. DIRECT EMPLOYMENT PILOT PROGRAM FOR MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS AND VETERANS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may enter into agreements with the chief ex-ecutives of the States to carry out pilot pro-grams to enhance the efforts of the Depart-ment of Defense to provide job placement as-sistance and related employment services di-rectly to unemployed or underemployed members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and veterans. (b) ADMINISTRATION .—The pilot program in a State shall be administered by the adju-tant general in that State appointed under section 314 of title 32, United States Code. If the adjutant general is unavailable or unable to administer a pilot program, the Sec-retary, after consulting with the chief execu-tive of the State, shall designate an official of that State to administer that pilot pro-gram. (c) P
ROGRAM MODEL .—A pilot program under this section— (1) shall use a job placement program model that focuses on working one-on-one with individuals described in subsection (a) to provide cost-effective job placement serv-ices, including— (A) job matching services; (B) resume editing; (C) interview preparation; and (D) post-employment follow up; and (2) shall incorporate best practices of State-operated direct employment programs for members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and veterans, such as the programs conducted in California and South Carolina. (d) S
KILLBRIDGE TRAINING OPPORTUNI -
TIES.—A pilot program under this section shall utilize civilian training opportunities through the SkillBridge transition training program administered by the Department of Defense. (e) S
TATE COSTS.—Any costs of a State in carrying out a pilot program under this sec-tion shall be borne by the State. (f) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall de-velop outcome measurements to evaluate the success of any pilot program established under this section. (g) R
EPORTING .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2021, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and Chief of the National Guard Bureau, shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report describing the results of any pilot program established under this section. (2) E
LEMENTS .—A report under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: (A) A description and assessment of the ef-fectiveness and achievements of the pilot program, including— (i) the number of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and vet-erans hired; and (ii) the cost-per-placement of participating members and veterans. (B) An assessment of the impact of the pilot program and increased reserve compo-nent employment levels on— (i) the readiness of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces; and (ii) retention of service members. (C) A comparison of the pilot program to other programs conducted by the Depart-ment of Defense or Department of Veterans Affairs to provide unemployment and under-employment support to members of the re-serve components of the Armed Forces or veterans, including best practices the im-proved the effectiveness of such programs. (D) Any other matter the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate. (h) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the authority to carry out a pilot program under this section expires on September 30, 2023. (2) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may extend a pilot program under this section beyond the date in paragraph (1) by not more than two years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.027 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3768 June 12, 2018 
SA 2786. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-self, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. D
URBIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1271. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR VIOLENCE AND HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES IN NICARAGUA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Beginning on April 18, 2018, the Govern-ment of Nicaragua responded to antigovernment protests with excessive force and killings perpetrated by its public security forces and, as of June 11, 2018, more than 130 people have been killed in the con-text of those protests. (2) The Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2017 of the Department of State notes, with respect to Nicaragua, that ac-tions by the ruling Sandinista National Lib-eration Front party have resulted in the de facto concentration of power in a single party, with an authoritarian executive branch exercising significant control over the legislative, judicial, and electoral func-tions of the Government of Nicaragua. (3) That report also stated with respect to Nicaragua that ‘‘the most significant human rights abuses included reports of arbitrary or unlawful killings; almost complete lack of judicial independence; unlawful interference with privacy; multiple obstacles to freedom of speech and the press, including govern-ment intimidation, and harassment of and threats against journalists and independent media; and partisan restrictions on freedom of peaceful assembly’’. (b) I
MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—The Presi-dent shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to any foreign person, including any current or former offi-cial of the Government of Nicaragua or any person acting on behalf of that Government, that the President determines— (1) has perpetrated, or is responsible for or-dering or otherwise directing, significant acts of violence or serious human rights abuses in Nicaragua against persons associ-ated with the antigovernment protests in Nicaragua that began on April 18, 2018; (2) is responsible for or complicit in order-ing, controlling, or otherwise directing sig-nificant actions or policies that undermine democratic processes or institutions in Nica-ragua; or (3) is an official of the Government of Nica-ragua, or a senior associate of such an offi-cial, that is responsible for or complicit in ordering, controlling, or otherwise directing, acts of significant corruption, including the expropriation of private or public assets for personal gain, corruption related to govern-ment contracts, bribery, or the facilitation or transfer of the proceeds of corruption to foreign jurisdictions. (c) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the following: (A) A
SSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-essary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (b) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) EXCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES  
AND REVOCATION OF VISA OR OTHER DOCU -
MENTATION .—In the case of an alien deter-mined by the President to be subject to sub-section (b), denial of a visa to, and exclusion from the United States of, the alien, and rev-ocation in accordance with section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)), of any visa or other docu-mentation of the alien. (2) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of paragraph (1)(A) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out paragraph (1)(A) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (3) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  
GOODS .—The requirement to block and pro-hibit all transactions in all property and in-terests in property under paragraph (1)(A) shall not include the authority to impose sanctions on the importation of goods (as that term is defined in section 16 of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.))). (4) E
XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Sanctions under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, be-tween the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international ob-ligations. (d) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report certifying whether the Government of Nicaragua is taking effective steps— (1) to strengthen the rule of law and demo-cratic governance, including the independ-ence of the judicial system and electoral council; (2) to combat corruption, including by in-vestigating and prosecuting officials of that Government who are credibly alleged to be corrupt; and (3) to protect the right of political opposi-tion parties, journalists, trade unionists, human rights defenders, and other civil soci-ety activists to operate without interference. (e) W
AIVER .— (1) T
EMPORARY GENERAL WAIVER .—If the Secretary of State certifies to the appro-priate congressional committees under sub-section (d) that the Government of Nica-ragua is taking effective steps as described in that subsection, the President may waive the imposition of additional sanctions under subsection (b) for a period of not more than one year beginning on the date of the certifi-cation. (2) C
ASE-BY-CASE WAIVER .—The President may waive the application of sanctions under subsection (b) with respect to a person if the President— (A) determines that such a waiver is in the national interest of the United States; and (B) not later than the date on which the waiver takes effect, submits to the appro-priate congressional committees a notice of and justification for the waiver. (f) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, acting through the Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research, and in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on the involvement of sen-ior officials of the Government of Nicaragua, including members of the Supreme Electoral Council, the National Assembly, and the ju-dicial system, in acts of public corruption or human rights violations in Nicaragua. (2) F
ORM.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form but may include a classified annex. (B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The unclassified portion of the report required by paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public. (g) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—The Presi-dent shall issue such regulations, licenses, and orders as are necessary to carry out this section. (h) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall ter-minate on December 31, 2023. (i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
SA 2787. Mr. MENENDEZ (for him-self, Mr. R
UBIO, and Mr. N ELSON ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1271. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR VIOLENCE AND HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES IN CUBA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The Government of Cuba continues to carry out arbitrary detentions of peaceful dissidents, most of whom are kept under de-grading and inhumane conditions, and ac-cording to the Cuban Commission on Human Rights and National Reconciliation, as of May 2018, there have been more than 1,400 of those detentions. (2) The Country Reports on Human Rights Practices for 2017 in Cuba set forth by the Department of State notes that the principal human rights abuses in Cuba included— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.032 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3769 June 12, 2018 
(A) the abridgement of the ability of citi-zens to choose their government; (B) the use of government threats, physical assault, intimidation, and violent govern-ment-organized counter protests against peaceful dissent; and (C) harassment and detentions to prevent free expression an peaceful assembly. (3) That report stated that additional human rights abuses included— (A) harsh prison conditions; (B) arbitrary short-term, politically moti-vated detentions and arrests; (C) selective prosecution; (D) denial of fair trial; and (E) travel restrictions. (4) Significant support by the Government of Cuba for the authoritarian regime of Nico-las Maduro in Venezuela that includes send-ing tens of thousands of Cuban trainers, ad-visers, security personnel, militias, para-military groups, and intelligence officers, and was described by the Secretary General of the Organization of American States as an ‘‘occupation army’’ during a hearing before the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate on July 19, 2017, has directly contrib-uted to worsening conditions in Venezuela and the destabilization of the region. (b) I
MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .—The Presi-dent shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (c) with respect to any foreign person, including any current or former offi-cial of the Government of Cuba or any per-son acting on behalf of that Government, that the President determines— (1) has perpetrated, or is responsible for or-dering or otherwise directing, significant acts of violence or serious human rights abuses in Cuba; (2) has been responsible for or is respon-sible for or complicit in ordering, control-ling, or otherwise directing significant ac-tions or policies that undermine democratic processes or institutions in Cuba; (3) is an official of the Government of Cuba, or a senior associate of such an offi-cial, that is responsible for or complicit in ordering, controlling, or otherwise directing acts of significant corruption, including— (A) the expropriation of private or public assets for personal gain; (B) corruption related to government con-tracts; (C) bribery; or (D) the facilitation or transfer of the pro-ceeds of corruption to foreign jurisdictions; or (4) is an official of the Government of Cuba, or a senior associate of such an offi-cial, that has been responsible for or is re-sponsible for or complicit in ordering, con-trolling, or otherwise directing significant actions or policies that undermine demo-cratic processes or institutions in Venezuela. (c) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The sanctions described in this subsection are the following: (A) A
SSET BLOCKING .—The exercise of all powers granted to the President by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to the extent nec-essary to block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of a person determined by the President to be subject to subsection (b) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. (B) E
XCLUSION FROM THE UNITED STATES  
AND REVOCATION OF VISA OR OTHER DOCU -
MENTATION .—In the case of an alien deter-mined by the President to be subject to sub-section (b), denial of a visa to, and exclusion from the United States of, the alien, and rev-ocation in accordance with section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)) of any visa or other docu-mentation of the alien. (2) PENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of paragraph (1)(A) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out paragraph (1)(A) shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same extent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that section. (3) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  
GOODS .—The requirement to block and pro-hibit all transactions in all property and in-terests in property under paragraph (1)(A) shall not include the authority to impose sanctions on the importation of goods (as that term is defined in section 16 of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.))). (4) E
XCEPTION TO COMPLY WITH UNITED NA -
TIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT OR OTHER  
INTERNATIONAL OBLIGATIONS .—Sanctions under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply to an alien if admitting the alien into the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement re-garding the Headquarters of the United Na-tions, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, be-tween the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international ob-ligations. (d) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report certifying whether the Government of Cuba is taking effective steps to— (1) strengthen the rule of law and demo-cratic governance in Cuba, including by strengthening the independence of the judi-cial system and electoral council; (2) combat corruption in Cuba, including by investigating and prosecuting officials of that Government that are credibly alleged to be corrupt; (3) protect the right of political opposition parties, journalists, trade unionists, human rights defenders, and other civil society ac-tivists to operate without interference in Cuba; and (4) end destabilizing activities that under-mine democratic governance and constitu-tional order in Venezuela. (e) W
AIVER .— (1) T
EMPORARY GENERAL WAIVER .—If the Secretary of State certifies under subsection (d) that the Government of Cuba is taking ef-fective steps as described in that subsection, the President may waive the imposition of sanctions under subsection (b) for a period of not more than one year beginning on the date of the certification. (2) C
ASE BY CASE WAIVER .—The President may waive the application of sanctions under subsection (b) with respect to a person if the President— (A) determines that such a waiver is in the national interest of the United States; and (B) not later than the date on which the waiver takes effect, submits to the appro-priate congressional committees a notice of and justification for the waiver. (f) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—The President shall issue such regulations, licenses, and or-ders as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion. (g) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate on December 31, 2023. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity. 
SA 2788. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. CONSOLIDATION OF JOINT SPECTRUM CENTER TO FORT MEADE, MARY-LAND. 
(a) M OVEMENT OR CONSOLIDATION OF JOINT S
PECTRUM CENTER TO FORT MEADE , M ARY-
LAND .—Except as provided under subsection (b), not later than September 30, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions to move, consolidate, or both, the of-fices of the Joint Spectrum Center to the De-fense Information Systems Agency head-quarters building at Fort Meade, Maryland, for national security purposes to ensure the physical and cybersecurity protection of per-sonnel and missions of the Department of Defense. (b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .—The Sec- retary of Defense may waive the requirement under subsection (a) upon certifying to the congressional defense committees in writing that such waiver is necessary for national se-curity reasons and that all force protection and cyber protection needs are being met without carrying out the actions otherwise required under such subsection. (c) A
UTHORIZATION .—Any facility, road, or infrastructure constructed or altered on a military installation as a result of this sec-tion is deemed to be authorized in accord-ance with section 2802 of title 10, United States Code. (d) T
ERMINATION OF EXISTING LEASE .—Upon completion of the relocation of the Joint Spectrum Center, all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to the exist-ing lease for the Joint Spectrum Center shall be terminated. (e) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 2887 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 569) is here-by repealed. 
SA 2789. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.035 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3770 June 12, 2018 
for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. CONSOLIDATION OF JOINT SPECTRUM CENTER TO FORT MEADE, MARY-LAND. 
(a) M OVEMENT OR CONSOLIDATION OF JOINT S
PECTRUM CENTER TO FORT MEADE , M ARY-
LAND .—Not later than September 30, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions to move, consolidate, or both, the of-fices of the Joint Spectrum Center to the De-fense Information Systems Agency head-quarters building at Fort Meade, Maryland, for national security purposes to ensure the physical and cybersecurity protection of per-sonnel and missions of the Department of Defense. (b) A
UTHORIZATION .—Any facility, road, or infrastructure constructed or altered on a military installation as a result of this sec-tion is deemed to be authorized in accord-ance with section 2802 of title 10, United States Code. (c) T
ERMINATION OF EXISTING LEASE .—Upon completion of the relocation of the Joint Spectrum Center, all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to the exist-ing lease for the Joint Spectrum Center shall be terminated. (d) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 2887 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 569) is here-by repealed. 
SA 2790. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. 943. REPORT ON TERMINATION AND TRANSI-TION OF FUNCTIONS AND SERVICES OF THE DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY AND WASH-INGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED BEFORE TERMINATION  
ORTRANSITION .—The Secretary of Defense may not terminate or transfer any functions or services of the Defense Information Sys-tems Agency or Washington Headquarters Services to another element of the Depart-ment of Defense until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a report on the termination or transfer. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report on the termi-nation or transfer of functions or services of the Defense Information Systems Agency or Washington Headquarters Services under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the functions, services, or both of such Agency or Field Activity to be terminated or transferred. (2) If functions, services, or both are to be transferred, a description of the element or elements of the Department to which such functions or services are to be transferred. (3) A description of disposition of the re-maining functions or services of such Agency or Field Activity, if any, after termination or transfer. (4) A comprehensive assessment of the im-pact of the actions described in paragraphs (1) through (3). SA 2791. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. M
CCAIN, and Mr. D URBIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XII, add the following: Subtitle H—Matters Relating to Burma 
SEC. 1281. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States policy of principled engagement since 1988 has fostered positive democratic reforms in Burma, which have led to significant milestones on the path to full democracy. (2) On November 8, 2015, Burma held his-toric elections in which the National League for Democracy won a supermajority of seats in the combined national parliament. On March 30, 2016, Htin Kyaw was inaugurated as the President of Burma, the country’s first civilian President in more than 50 years. Aung San Suu Kyi, President of the National League for Democracy, was barred from becoming President due to the provi-sions of section 59(f) of the 2008 Constitution, and therefore assumed the office of State Counsellor, a position created for her that made her the country’s de facto leader. (3) Aung San Suu Kyi’s first acts as State Counsellor after her National League for De-mocracy party took office included releasing more than 100 political prisoners, including well-known journalists and student activists held on politically motivated charges. How-ever, as of November 2017, there were 228 po-litical prisoners in Burma, 46 of which were serving prison sentences, 49 of which were awaiting trial inside prison, and 133 of which were awaiting trial outside prison, according to the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners. (4) The Government of Burma also con-tinues to systematically discriminate against the Rohingya people. Burma’s 1982 citizenship law stripped Rohingya Burmese of their Burmese citizenship, rendering them stateless, and the Government continues to restrict Rohingya births and to deny the Rohingya freedom of movement and access to healthcare, land, education, voting, polit-ical participation, and marriage. (5) Despite the meaningful steps taken to-ward democracy in Burma, there remain im-portant structural and systemic impedi-ments to the realization of a fully demo-cratic civilian government, including— (A) the 2008 Constitution, which is in need of reform; (B) the disfranchisement of certain groups who voted in previous elections; (C) the social, political, and economic con-ditions in Rakhine State, particularly with respect to the Rohingya population; and (D) the current humanitarian and human rights crisis affecting Burma’s Rohingya population and residents of the Rakhine, Kachin, and Shan states, including credible reports of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, extrajudicial killings, sexual and gender-based violence, and forced displace-ment. (6) Actions of the military of Burma, known as the Tatmadaw, including con-tinuing assaults on personnel and territory controlled by armed ethnic organizations, military offensives immediately preceding the peace conference in Naypyitaw, and human rights violations against noncombat-ant civilians in conflict areas, undermine confidence in establishing a credible nation-wide ceasefire agreement to end Burma’s civil war. (7) The people of Burma continue to suffer from an ongoing civil war between the Tatmadaw and nearly 20 armed ethnic orga-nizations. Any prospects for a full democracy in Burma are contingent on ending the civil war and finding a path toward national rec-onciliation between Burma’s Bamar major-ity and its various ethnic minorities. (8) Since 2011, over 98,000 people have been displaced in Kachin and northern Shan State over the escalating violence and instability, resulting in continued massive internal dis-placement, including in internally displaced person (IDP) camps, which continues to un-dermine the trust necessary to achieve a du-rable, lasting peace, and has caused a mas-sive humanitarian crisis which dispropor-tionately affects the lives of innocent civil-ians and internally displaced persons forced from their homes. According to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Hu-manitarian Affairs, some 50 percent of these displaced persons are staying in areas be-yond Government control where humani-tarian access is limited. Even in areas con-trolled by the Government, delivery of hu-manitarian assistance has been increasingly restricted through onerous bureaucratic re-quirements resulting in limited access by international and local humanitarian orga-nizations. (9) In 2015, the nongovernmental campaign Global Witness found that, in 2014, the esti-mated value of official production of jade equated to up to 48 percent of the official gross domestic product of Burma. Because of corruption and a lack of transparency, much of the proceeds of the Burmese jade trade en-rich notorious leaders from the military junta, including former dictator Than Shwe and United States-sanctioned drug lord Hsueh Kang Wei, and vested interests in jade are undermining prospects for resolving the most intractable armed conflict in Burma. (10) On August 31, 2016, State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the Government of Burma initiated the Union Peace Conference 21st Century Panglong in Naypyitaw, which more than 1,400 representatives of various concerned parties attended in an effort to begin the process of ending Burma’s civil war and to discuss options in forming a demo-cratic state of Burma. On May 24, 2017, the Government of Burma held a second Panglong Peace Conference, with mixed re-sults. (11) On January 4, 2018, the Department of State determined that Burma remains des-ignated as a country of particular concern for religious freedom under section 402(b) of the International Religious Freedom Act (22 U.S.C. 6442(b)), and that ‘‘members of the Rohingya community in particular face abuses by the Government of Burma, includ-ing those involving torture, unlawful arrest and detention, restricted movement, restric-tions on religious practices, discrimination in employment, and access to social serv-ices’’. (12) The February 2017 panels set up by the Burmese army and the Home Affairs Min-istry are widely perceived by the inter-national community to lack independence and impartiality. The December 2016 com-mission established by Burma’s President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.035 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3771 June 12, 2018 
Htin Kyaw to investigate the October 2016 attacks dismissed claims of misconduct by security forces due to ‘‘insufficient evi-dence.’’ A Burmese army internal inquiry completed in November 2017 claimed there had been no abuses committed by the mili-tary. The 2012 commission government es-tablished to investigate violence in Rakhine State that year never held anyone account-able. (13) In a public address on October 12, 2017, State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi laid out 3 goals for the Rakhine State: (A) Repatriation of those who have crossed over to Bangladesh and effective provision of humanitarian assistance. (B) Resettlement of displaced populations. (C) Economic development and durable peace. (14) According to the Me´decins Sans Frontie`res estimates, at least 6,700 Rohingya have been killed, including 730 children, and that at least 2,700 others died from disease and malnutrition and over an estimated 680,000 Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh since August 2017, fearing loss of livelihood and shelter and disproportionate use of force by the military of Burma. (15) On October 23, 2017, the Department of State said, ‘‘We express our gravest concern with recent events in Rakhine State and the violent, traumatic abuses Rohingya and other communities have endured. It is imper-ative that any individuals or entities respon-sible for atrocities, including non-state ac-tors and vigilantes, be held accountable.’’. (16) At a Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee hearing on October 24, 2017, the De-partment of State indicated that ‘‘refugees continue to cross into Bangladesh, and we continue to receive credible reports of spo-radic violence in northern Rakhine State’’. (17) Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have reported and documented a campaign of violence perpetuated by the security forces of Burma that ‘‘may amount to crimes against humanity’’ and ‘‘ethnic cleansing’’ and includes— (A) indiscriminate attacks on civilians; (B) rape of women and girls; and (C) arbitrary arrest and detention of Rohingya men without charge. (18) According to Human Rights Watch, Burmese security forces have committed widespread rape against women and girls as part of a campaign of ethnic cleansing against Rohingya Muslims in Burma’s Rakhine State. Survivors said that soldiers gathered them together in groups and then raped or gang raped them. (19) Because survivors of conflict-related sexual or gender-based violence know very little about the abusers, aside from identi-fying the abuser as a member of a military unit, existing laws and accountability mech-anisms often fail to protect victims of such violence. (20) Satellite images captured by Human Rights Watch reveal that, out of the approxi-mately 470 villages in northern Rakhine State, most of which were completely or par-tially populated with Rohingya Muslims, nearly 300 were partially or completely de-stroyed by fire after August 25, 2017. (21) The Government of Burma has contin-ued to block access to northern Rakhine State by United Nations and other humani-tarian organizations, preventing hundreds of thousands of vulnerable Rohingya, Rahkine, and other ethnic groups, including children with acute malnutrition, from receiving hu-manitarian aid. According to a report by the United Nations Children’s Fund, a diphtheria outbreak has led to 424 cases and 6 deaths since December 6, 2017. In addition, the levels of global acute malnutrition in refugees from Burma exceeds the World Health Orga-nization’s threshold by 15 percent in children aged 6–59 months. Over 50 percent of the Rohingya children are reported to be suf-fering from anemia. (22) In response to previous violence be-tween the Burmese military and the ethnic Rohingya people in 2016, Aung San Suu Kyi established the Advisory Commission on Rakhine State headed by former United Na-tions Secretary-General Kofi Annan to ad-dress tensions in Northern Rakhine. She has since also endorsed the Commission’s rec-ommendations and established an ‘‘Advisory Team for the Committee for the Implemen-tation of Recommendations on Rakhine State’’ to move forward with implementa-tion. (23) On December 21, 2017, using the author-ity granted by the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of Public Law 114–328), the Presi-dent imposed sanctions on Maung Maung Soe, a Major General who was the chief of the Burmese Army’s Western command dur-ing the August 2017 attack in Rakhine state. (24) On November 22, 2017, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson stated, ‘‘After careful and through analysis of available facts, it is clear that the situation in northern Rakhine state constitutes ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya. Those responsible for these atrocities must be held accountable.’’. (25) Ethnic cleansing is a despicable evil, and while it is not an independent crime under domestic or international law, it is often accomplished through acts that con-stitute war crimes, crimes against human-ity, or genocide, and the perpetrators of such crimes in Burma must be held accountable. 
SEC. 1282. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (2) G
ENOCIDE .—The term ‘‘genocide’’ means any offense described in section 1091(a) of title 18, United States Code. (3) H
YBRID TRIBUNAL .—The term ‘‘hybrid tribunal’’ means a temporary criminal tri-bunal that involves a combination of domes-tic and international lawyers, judges, and other professionals to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide. (4) T
RANSITIONAL JUSTICE .—The term ‘‘transitional justice’’ means the range of ju-dicial, nonjudicial, formal, informal, retribu-tive, and restorative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes— (A) to redress legacies of atrocities; and (B) to promote long-term, sustainable peace. (5) W
AR CRIME .—The term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 1283. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States that— (1) the pursuit of a calibrated engagement strategy is essential to support the estab-lishment of a peaceful, prosperous, and democratic Burma that includes respect for the human rights of all its people regardless of ethnicity and religion; and (2) the guiding principles of such a strategy include— (A) support for meaningful legal and con-stitutional reforms that remove remaining restrictions on civil and political rights and institute civilian control of the military, ci-vilian control of the government, and the constitutional provision reserving 25 percent of parliamentary seats for the military, which provides the military with veto power over constitutional amendments; (B) the establishment of a fully demo-cratic, pluralistic, civilian controlled, and representative political system that includes regularized free and fair elections in which all people of Burma, including the Rohingya, can vote; (C) the promotion of genuine national rec-onciliation and conclusion of a credible and sustainable nationwide ceasefire agreement, political accommodation of the needs of eth-nic Shan, Kachin, Chin, Karen, and other ethnic groups, safe and voluntary return of displaced persons to villages of origins, and constitutional change allowing inclusive per-manent peace; (D) investigations into credible reports of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, sexual and gender-based violence, and geno-cide perpetrated against ethnic minorities like the Rohingya by the government, mili-tary, and security forces of Burma, violent extremist groups, and other combatants in-volved in the conflict; (E) accountability for determinations of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, sexual and gender-based violence, and geno-cide perpetrated against ethnic minorities like the Rohingya by the Government, mili-tary, and security forces of Burma, violent extremist groups, and other combatants in-volved in the conflict; (F) strengthening the government’s civil-ian institutions, including support for great-er transparency and accountability; (G) the establishment of professional and nonpartisan military, security, and police forces that operate under civilian control; (H) empowering local communities, civil society, and independent media; (I) promoting responsible international and regional engagement; (J) strengthening respect for and protec-tion of human rights and religious freedom; (K) addressing and ending the humani-tarian and human rights crisis, including by supporting the return of the displaced Rohingya to their homes and providing equal access to restoration of full citizenship for the Rohingya population; and (L) promoting broad-based, inclusive eco-nomic development and fostering healthy and resilient communities. SEC. 1284. AUTHORIZATION OF HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE AND RECONCILIATION. 
(a) H UMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated $103,695,069 for fiscal year 2018 for humanitarian assistance for Burma, Ban-gladesh, and the region. The assistance may include— (A) assistance for the victims of the Bur-mese military’s ethnic cleansing campaign targeting Rohingya in Rakhine State, in-cluding those displaced in Bangladesh, Burma, and the region; (B) support for voluntary resettlement or repatriation efforts regionally; and (C) humanitarian assistance to victims of violence and destruction in Rakhine State, including victims of gender-based violence and unaccompanied minors. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON ADDITIONAL FUND -
ING.—It is the sense of Congress that addi-tional significant and sustained funding will be necessary to address the medium and long-term impacts of this crisis. (b) R
ECONCILIATION PROGRAMS .—There is authorized to be appropriated $27,400,000 for fiscal year 2018 for reconciliation programs in Burma. The assistance may include— (1) reducing the influence of the drivers of intercommunal conflict; (2) strengthening engagement on areas af-fecting fundamental freedoms; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.036 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3772 June 12, 2018 
(3) enhancing the ability of key stake-holders to engage in the peace process; and (4) assisting the implementation of the Kofi Annan Commission report. 
SEC. 1285. MULTILATERAL ASSISTANCE. 
The Secretary of the Treasury should in-struct the United States executive director of each international financial institution to use the voice and vote of the United States to support projects in Burma that— (1) provide for accountability and trans-parency, including the collection, verification and publication of beneficial ownership information related to extractive industries and on-site monitoring during the life of the project; (2) will be developed and carried out in ac-cordance with best practices regarding envi-ronmental conservation, cultural protection, and empowerment of local populations, in-cluding free, prior, and informed consent of affected indigenous communities; (3) do not provide incentives for, or facili-tate, forced displacement; and (4) do not partner with or otherwise in-volve enterprises owned or controlled by the armed forces. 
SEC. 1286. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON RIGHT OF RE-TURNEES AND FREEDOM OF MOVE-MENT. 
(a) R IGHT OF RETURN .—It is the sense of Congress that the Government of Burma, in collaboration with the regional and inter-national community, including the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, should— (1) ensure the dignified, safe, and voluntary return of all those displaced from their homes, especially from Rakhine State, with-out an unduly high burden of proof; (2) offer to those who do not want to return meaningful opportunity to obtain appro-priate compensation or restitution; (3) not place returning Rohingya in DP camps or ‘‘model villages’’, but instead make efforts to reconstruct Rohingya villages as and where they were; (4) keep any funds collected by the Govern-ment by harvesting the land previously owned and tended by Rohingya farmers for them upon their return; and (5) fully implement all of the recommenda-tions of the Advisory Commission on Rakhine State. (b) F
REEDOM OF MOVEMENT OF REFUGEES  
AND INTERNALLY DISPLACED PERSONS .—Con- gress recognizes that the Government of Bangladesh has provided long-standing sup-port and hospitality to people fleeing vio-lence in Burma, and calls on the Government of Bangladesh— (1) to ensure all refugees have freedom of movement and under no circumstance are subject to unsafe, involuntary, or unin-formed repatriation; and (2) to ensure the dignified, safe, and vol-untary return of those displaced from their homes, and offer to those who do not want to return meaningful means to obtain com-pensation or restitution. 
SEC. 1287. MILITARY COOPERATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided under subsection (b), the President may not furnish any security assistance or to engage in any military-to-military programs with the armed forces of Burma, including training or observation or participation in regional ex-ercises, until the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, cer-tifies to the appropriate congressional com-mittees that the Burmese military has dem-onstrated significant progress in abiding by international human rights standards and is undertaking meaningful and significant se-curity sector reform, including transparency and accountability to prevent future abuses, as determined by applying the following cri-teria: (1) The military adheres to international human rights standards and pledges to stop future human rights violations. (2) The military supports efforts to carry out meaningful and comprehensive inves-tigations of credible reports of abuses and is taking steps to hold accountable those in the Burmese military responsible for human rights violations. (3) The military supports efforts to carry out meaningful and comprehensive inves-tigations of reports of conflict-related sexual and gender-based violence and is taking steps to hold accountable those in the Bur-mese military who failed to prevent, respond to, investigate, and prosecute violence against women, sexual violence, or other gender-based violence. (4) The Government of Burma, including the military, allows immediate and unfet-tered humanitarian access to communities in areas affected by conflict, including Rohingya communities in Rakhine State. (5) The Government of Burma, including the military, cooperates with the United Na-tions High Commissioner for Refugees and other relevant United Nations agencies to ensure the protection of displaced persons and the safe and voluntary return of Rohingya refugees and internally displaced persons. (6) The Government of Burma, including the military, takes steps toward the imple-mentation of the recommendations of the Advisory Commission on Rakhine State. (b) EXCEPTIONS .— (1) C
ERTAIN EXISTING AUTHORITIES .—The Department of Defense may continue to con-duct consultations based on the authorities under section 1253 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291; 22 U.S.C. 2151 note). (2) H
OSPITALITY .—The United States Agen-cy for International Development and the Department of State may provide assistance authorized by part I of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2151 et seq.) to support ethnic armed groups and the Bur-mese military for the purpose of supporting research, dialogues, meetings, and other ac-tivities related to the Union Peace Con-ference, Political Dialogues, and related processes, in furtherance of inclusive, sus-tainable reconciliation. (c) M
ILITARY REFORM .—The certification required under subsection (a) shall include a written justification in classified and unclas-sified form describing the Burmese mili-tary’s efforts to implement reforms, end im-punity for human rights violations, and in-crease transparency and accountability. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to authorize Department of Defense assistance to the Government of Burma except as provided in this section. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-title, and every 180 days thereafter, the Sec-retary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report, in both classi-fied and unclassified form, on the strategy and plans for military-to-military engage-ment between the United States Armed Forces and the military of Burma. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description and assessment of the Government of Burma’s strategy for security sector reform, including as it relates to an end to involvement in the illicit trade in jade and other natural resources, reforms to end corruption and illicit drug trafficking, and constitutional reforms to ensure civilian control of the Government. (B) A list of ongoing military activities conducted by the United States Government with the Government of Burma, and a de-scription of the United States strategy for future military-to-military engagements be-tween the United States and Burma’s mili-tary forces, including the military of Burma, the Burma Police Force, and armed ethnic groups. (C) An assessment of the progress of the military of Burma towards developing a framework to implement human rights re-forms, including— (i) cooperation with civilian authorities to investigate and prosecute cases of human rights violations; (ii) steps taken to demonstrate respect for internationally-recognized human rights standards and implementation of and adher-ence to the laws of war; and (iii) a description of the elements of the military-to-military engagement between the United States and Burma that promote such implementation. (D) An assessment of progress on the peaceful settlement of armed conflicts be-tween the Government of Burma and ethnic minority groups, including actions taken by the military of Burma to adhere to ceasefire agreements, allow for safe and voluntary re-turns of displaced persons to their villages of origin, and withdraw forces from conflict zones. (E) An assessment of the Burmese’s mili-tary recruitment and use of children as sol-diers. (F) An assessment of the Burmese’s mili-tary’s use of violence against women, sexual violence, or other gender-based violence as a tool of terror, war, or ethnic cleansing. (f) CIVILIAN CHANNELS .—Any program initi-ated under this section shall use appropriate civilian government channels with the demo-cratically elected Government of Burma. (g) R
EGULAR CONSULTATIONS .—Any new program or activity in Burma initiated under this section shall be subject to prior consultation with the appropriate congres-sional committees. 
SEC. 1288. VISA BAN AND ECONOMIC SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO MILITARY OFFI-CIALS RESPONSIBLE FOR HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS. 
(a) L ISTREQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a list of senior officials of the military and security forces of Burma that the President deter-mines have knowingly played a direct and significant role in the commission of human rights violations in Burma, including against the Rohingya minority population. (2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The list required by para-graph (1) shall include all of the senior offi-cials of the military and security forces of Burma— (A) in charge of each unit that was oper-ational during the so-called ‘‘clearance oper-ations’’ that began during or after October 2016; and (B) who knew, or should have known, that the official’s subordinates were committing sexual or gender-based violence and failed to take adequate steps to prevent such violence or punish the individuals responsible for such violence. (3) U
PDATES .—Not less frequently than every 180 days, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an updated version of the list required by para-graph (1). (b) S
ANCTIONS .— (1) V
ISA BAN .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Home-land Security shall exclude from the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.036 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3773 June 12, 2018 
States, any individual included in the most recent list required subsection (a). (2) L
IST OF SPECIALLY DESIGNATED NATION -
ALS AND BLOCKED PERSONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall— (i) determine whether the individuals spec-ified in subparagraph (B) should be included on the SDN list; and (ii) submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report, in classified form if necessary, on the procedures for in-cluding those individuals on the SDN list under existing authorities of the Department of the Treasury. (B) I
NDIVIDUALS SPECIFIED .—The individ-uals specified in this subparagraph are— (i) the head of each unit of the military or security forces of Burma that was oper-ational during the so-called ‘‘clearance oper-ations’’ that began during or after October 2016, including— (I) Senior General Min Aung Hlaing; and (II) Major General Khin Maung Soe; (ii) any senior official of the military or se-curity forces of Burma for which the Presi-dent determines there are credible reports that the official has aided, participated, or is otherwise implicated in gross human rights violations in Burma, including sexual and ethnic- or gender-based violence; and (iii) any senior official of the military or security forces of Burma for which the Presi-dent determines there are credible reports that the official knew, or should have known, that the official’s subordinates were committing sexual or gender-based violence and failed to take adequate steps to prevent such violence or punish the individuals re-sponsible for such violence. (3) A
UTHORITY FOR ADDITIONAL FINANCIAL  
SANCTIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury may, in consultation with the Secretary of State, prohibit or impose strict conditions on the opening or maintaining in the United States of a correspondent account or pay-able-through account by any financial insti-tution that is a United States person, for or on behalf of a foreign financial institution, if the Secretary determines that the account is knowingly used— (A) by a foreign financial institution that knowingly holds property or an interest in property of an individual included on the SDN list pursuant to paragraph (2); or (B) to conduct a significant transaction on behalf of such an individual. (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to prohibit any contract or other financial transaction by a United States person with a credible non-governmental humanitarian organization in Burma. (c) R
EMOVAL FROM LIST.—The President may remove an individual from the list re-quired by subsection (a) if the President de-termines and reports to the appropriate con-gressional committees that— (1) the individual has— (A) publicly acknowledged the role of the individual in committing past human rights violations; (B) cooperated with independent efforts to investigate such violations; (C) been held accountable for such viola-tions; and (D) demonstrated substantial progress in reforming the individual’s behavior with re-spect to the protection of human rights in the conduct of civil-military relations; and (2) removing the individual from the list is in the national interest of the United States. (d) E
XCEPTIONS .— (1) H
UMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE .—A require-ment to impose sanctions under this section shall not apply with respect to the provision of medicine, medical equipment or supplies, food, or any other form of humanitarian or human rights-related assistance provided to Burma in response to a humanitarian crisis. (2) UNITED NATIONS HEADQUARTERS AGREE -
MENT .—Subsection (b)(1) shall not apply to the admission of an individual to the United States if such admission is necessary to com-ply with United States obligations under the Agreement between the United Nations and the United States of America regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, or under the Convention on Consular Relations, done at Vienna April 24, 1963, and entered into force March 19, 1967, or other international obliga-tions of the United States. (e) W
AIVER .—The President may waive a requirement of this section if the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines and reports to the appropriate congressional committees that the waiver is important to the national security interests of the United States. (f) I
MPLEMENTATION ; PENALTIES .— (1) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The President may exercise all authorities provided under sec-tions 203 and 205 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702 and 1704) to carry out this section. (2) P
ENALTIES .—A person that violates, at-tempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (b) or any regulation, license, or order issued to carry out either such para-graph shall be subject to the penalties set forth in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705) to the same ex-tent as a person that commits an unlawful act described in subsection (a) of that sec-tion. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This sub-section shall not be construed to require the President to declare a national emergency under section 202 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701). (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
CCOUNT ; CORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT ; PAY-
ABLE -THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘‘ac-count’’, ‘‘correspondent account’’, and ‘‘pay-able-through account’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. (2) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘fi-nancial institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 5312 of title 31, United States Code. (3) K
NOWINGLY .—The term ‘‘knowingly’’, with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result. (4) SDN 
LIST.—The term ‘‘SDN list’’ means the list of specially designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury. (5) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) a United States citizen or an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States, including a foreign branch of such an entity; or (C) any person in the United States. 
SEC. 1289. STRATEGY FOR PROMOTING ECO-NOMIC DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy to sup-port sustainable and broad-based economic development, in accordance with the prior-ities of the Government of Burma to improve economic conditions. (b) ELEMENTS .—In order to support the ef-forts of the Government of Burma, the strat-egy required by subsection (a) shall include a plan to promote inclusive and responsible economic growth, including through the fol-lowing initiatives: (1) Develop an economic reform road-map to diversify control over and access to par-ticipation in key industries and sectors. The United States Government should support the Government of Burma to develop a road-map to assess and recommend measures to remove barriers and increase competition, access and opportunity in sectors dominated by the military, former military officials, and their families, and businesspeople con-nected to the military. The roadmap should include areas related to government trans-parency, accountability, and governance. (2) Increase transparency disclosure re-quirements in key sectors to promote re-sponsible investment. Provide technical sup-port to develop and implement policies, and revise existing policies on public disclosure of beneficial owners of companies in key sec-tors identified by the Government of Burma, including the identities of those seeking or securing access to Burma’s most valuable re-sources. In the ruby industry, this specifi-cally includes working with the Government of Burma to require the disclosure of the ul-timate beneficial ownership of entities in the industry and the publication of project reve-nues, payments, and contract terms relating to the industry. Such new requirements should complement disclosures due to be put in place in Burma as a result of its participa-tion in the Extractives Industry Trans-parency Initiative (EITI). (3) Promote universal access to reliable, af-fordable, energy efficient, and sustainable power, including leveraging United States assistance to support reforms in the power sector and electrification projects that in-crease energy access, in partnership with multilateral organizations and the private sector. 
SEC. 1290. REPORT ON ETHNIC CLEANSING AND SERIOUS HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES IN BURMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port detailing the credible reports of ethnic cleansing and serious human rights abuses committed against the Rohingya in Burma, including credible reports of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide, and on potential transnational justice mecha-nisms in Burma. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The reports required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a description of credible reports of eth-nic cleaning and serious human rights abuses perpetrated against the Rohingya ethnic mi-nority in Burma, including— (A) incidents that may constitute ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, sexual and gender-based violence, and genocide committed by the Burmese military, and other actors involved in the violence; (B) incidents that may constitute ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, sexual and gender-based violence, or genocide com-mitted by violent extremist groups or antigovernment forces; (C) any incidents that may violate the principle of medical neutrality and, if pos-sible, identification of the individual or indi-viduals who engaged in or organized such in-cidents; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.036 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3774 June 12, 2018 
(D) to the extent possible, a description of the conventional and unconventional weap-ons used for such crimes and the origins of such weapons; (2) a description and assessment by the De-partment of State, the United States Agency for International Development, the Depart-ment of Justice, and other appropriate Fed-eral departments and agencies of programs that the United States Government has al-ready or is planning to undertake to ensure accountability for credible reports of ethnic cleansing and reports of war crimes, crimes against humanity, sexual and gender-based violence, and genocide perpetrated against the Rohingya and other ethnic minority groups by the Government, security forces, and military of Burma, violent extremist groups, and other combatants involved in the conflict, including programs— (A) to train investigators within and out-side of Burma and Bangladesh on how to doc-ument, investigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged perpetrators of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, or genocide in Burma; (B) to promote and prepare for a transi-tional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Burma; and (C) to document, collect, preserve, and pro-tect evidence of reports of ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Burma, including support for Burmese and Bangladeshi, foreign, and international non-governmental organizations, the United Na-tions Human Rights Council’s investigative team, and other entities; and (3) A detailed study of the feasibility and desirability of potential transitional justice mechanisms for Burma, including a hybrid tribunal, and recommendations on which transitional justice mechanisms the United States Government should support, why such mechanisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered. (c) P
ROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI-
DENCE .—The Secretary shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not publicly dis-closed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the de-struction of evidence by the Government of Burma. 
SEC. 1291. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Department of Jus-tice and other appropriate Federal depart-ments and agencies, is authorized to provide appropriate assistance to support entities that, with respect to credible reports of eth-nic cleansing, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated by the military, secu-rity forces, and Government of Burma, Bud-dhist militias, and all other armed groups fighting in Rakhine State— (1) identify suspected perpetrators of eth-nic cleansing, war crimes, crimes against hu-manity, and genocide; (2) collect, document, and protect evidence of crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence; (3) conduct criminal investigations; and (4) support investigations by third-party states, as appropriate. (b) A
DDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-retary of State, after consultation with ap-propriate Federal departments and agencies and the appropriate congressional commit-tees, and taking into account the findings of the transitional justice study required under section 1290(b)(3), is authorized to provide as-sistance to support the creation and oper-ation of transitional justice mechanisms for Burma. SEC. 1292. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PRESS FREE-DOM. 
In order to promote freedom of the press in Burma, it is the sense of Congress that— (1) Wa Lone and Kyaw Soe Oo should be immediately released and should have access to lawyers and their families; and (2) the decision to use a colonial-era law to arrest these Reuters reporters undermines press freedom around the world and further underscores the need for serious legal re-form. 
SEC. 1293. MEASURES RELATING TO MILITARY COOPERATION BETWEEN BURMA AND NORTH KOREA. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may, with respect to any person described in paragraph (2)— (A) impose the sanctions described in para-graph (1) or (3) of section 1288(b); or (B) include that person on the SDN list (as defined in section 1288(g)). (2) P
ERSONS DESCRIBED .—A person de-scribed in this paragraph is an official of the Government of Burma or an individual or en-tity acting on behalf of that Government that the President determines purchases or otherwise acquires defense articles from the Government of North Korea or an individual or entity acting on behalf of that Govern-ment. (b) R
ESTRICTION ON FOREIGN ASSISTANCE .— The President may terminate or reduce the provision of United States foreign assistance to Burma if the President determines that the Government of Burma does not verifiably and irreversibly eliminate all pur-chases or other acquisitions of defense arti-cles by persons described in subsection (a)(2) from the Government of North Korea or indi-viduals or entities acting on behalf of that Government. (c) D
EFENSE ARTICLE DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘defense article’’ has the meaning given that term in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794). 
SEC. 1294. NO AUTHORIZATION FOR THE USE OF MILITARY FORCE. 
Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed as an authorization for the use of force. 
SA 2792. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 1250. SENSE OF SENATE ON INCORPORA-TION OF NON-NUCLEAR NAVAL PRO-PULSION AND TECHNOLOGY SYS-TEMS MANUFACTURED IN THE UNITED STATES INTO THE NAVAL VESSELS OF UNITED STATES ALLIES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. 
It is the sense of the Senate that, con-sistent with the Conventional Arms Transfer Policy of the United States Government re-cently updated to promote policies that strengthen our allies and partners around the world and preserve peace while creating American manufacturing jobs— (1) it is in the interest of the United States that non-nuclear naval propulsion and tech-nology systems manufactured in the United States be incorporated into warships of na-vies of close allies of the United States, in-cluding Australia, Canada, India, South Korea, Taiwan, and other countries pursuing the modernization of their fleets; and (2) naval cooperation arising from the in-corporation of such systems into such war-ships will— (A) help guarantee interoperability and commonality of warfighting systems be-tween the United States and our allies in the Indo-Pacific region; and (B) promote the expansion of the dyna-mism and innovation of the defense industry manufacturing supply chain in the United States. SA 2793. Mr. CORNYN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title III, add the following: 
SEC. 316. CORE SAMPLING STUDY AND REPORT AT JOINT BASE SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS. 
(a) S ITE INVESTIGATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct a core sampling study along an agreed upon route between the Air Force and San Anto-nio Water System of the wastewater treat-ment line on Air Force real property, in compliance with best engineering practices, to determine if any regulated or hazardous substances are present in the soil along an agreed upon route. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the agreement on the route, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the results of the core samples taken pursuant to subsection (a). 
SA 2794. Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. IMPORTANCE OF HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVER-SITIES AND MINORITY-SERVING IN-STITUTIONS. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Funds authorized to be ap-propriated in Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, Defense-wide, PE 0601228D8Z, section 4201, for Basic Research, Historically Black Colleges and Universities/ Minority Institutions, Line 006, are hereby increased by $10,000,000. (b) O
FFSET .—Funding in section 4101 for Other Procurement, Army, for Automated Data Processing Equipment, Line 112, is hereby reduced by $10,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.036 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3775 June 12, 2018 
SA 2795. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON THE INDEFINITE DETENTION OF PERSONS BY THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON DETENTION .—Section 4001 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) No person shall be imprisoned or oth-erwise detained by the United States except consistent with the Constitution.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b)(1) A general authorization to use mili-tary force, a declaration of war, or any simi-lar authority, on its own, shall not be con-strued to authorize the imprisonment or de-tention without charge or trial of a person apprehended in the United States. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) applies to an authoriza-tion to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority enacted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(3) This section shall not be construed to authorize the imprisonment or detention of any person who is apprehended in the United States.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF AUTHORITY OF THE ARMED  F
ORCES OF THE UNITED STATES TODETAIN  C
OVERED PERSONS PURSUANT TO THE AUTHOR -
IZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE .—Sec- tion 1021 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is repealed. 
SA 2796. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. COMMERCIALIZATION ASSISTANCE PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(tt) C
OMMERCIALIZATION ASSISTANCE PILOT P
ROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) P
ILOT PROGRAMS IMPLEMENTED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, a covered agency shall implement a commer-cialization assistance pilot program under which an eligible entity may receive a subse-quent Phase II SBIR award. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—If the Administrator de-termines that a covered agency has a pro-gram that is sufficiently similar to the com-mercialization assistance pilot program es-tablished under this subsection, the covered agency shall not be required to implement a commercialization assistance pilot program under this subsection. ‘‘(2) PERCENT OF AGENCY FUNDS .—The head of each covered agency may allocate not more than 5 percent of the funds allocated to the SBIR program of the covered agency for the purpose of making a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under the commercialization as-sistance pilot program. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—A commercialization assistance pilot program established under this subsection shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2022. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION .—To be selected to re-ceive a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under a commercialization assistance pilot program, an eligible entity shall submit to the covered agency implementing the pilot program an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the covered agency may require, including— ‘‘(A) an updated Phase II commercializa-tion plan; and ‘‘(B) the source and amount of the match-ing funding required under paragraph (5). ‘‘(5) M
ATCHING FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall require, as a condition of any subsequent Phase II SBIR award made to an eligible en-tity under this subsection, that a matching amount (excluding any fees collected by the eligible entity receiving the award) equal to the amount of the award be provided from an eligible third party investor. ‘‘(B) I
NELIGIBLE SOURCES .—An eligible enti-ty may not use funding from ineligible sources to meet the matching requirement of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—The Administrator shall not require, as a condition of any subsequent Phase II SBIR award made to an eligible en-tity under this subsection, a matching amount if the eligible entity is located in an underperforming State. ‘‘(6) A
WARD .—A subsequent Phase II SBIR award made to an eligible entity under this subsection— ‘‘(A) may not exceed the limitation de-scribed under subsection (aa)(1); and ‘‘(B) shall be disbursed during Phase II. ‘‘(7) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The funds awarded to an eligible entity under this subsection may only be used for research and development activities that build on Phase II program of the eligible entity’s and ensure the research funded under that Phase II is rapidly pro-gressing towards commercialization. ‘‘(8) S
ELECTION .—In selecting eligible enti-ties to participate in a commercialization assistance pilot program under this sub-section, the head of a covered agency shall consider— ‘‘(A) the extent to which the award could aid the eligible entity in commercializing the research funded under the Phase II pro-gram of the eligible entity; ‘‘(B) whether the updated Phase II com-mercialization plan submitted under para-graph (4) provides a sound approach for es-tablishing technical feasibility that could lead to commercialization of the research; ‘‘(C) whether the proposed activities to be conducted under the updated Phase II com-mercialization plan further improve the like-lihood that the research will provide societal benefits; ‘‘(D) whether the small business concern has progressed satisfactorily in Phase II to justify receipt of a subsequent Phase II SBIR award; ‘‘(E) the expectations of the eligible third party investor that provides matching fund-ing under paragraph (5); and ‘‘(F) the likelihood that the proposed ac-tivities to be conducted under the updated Phase II commercialization plan using matching funding provided by the eligible third party investor will lead to commercial and societal benefit. ‘‘(9) EVALUATION REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Represent-atives a report including— ‘‘(A) a summary of the activities of com-mercialization assistance pilot programs carried out under this subsection; ‘‘(B) a detailed compilation of results achieved by those commercialization assist-ance pilot programs, including the number of eligible entities that received awards under those programs; ‘‘(C) the rate at which each eligible entity that received a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under this subsection commercialized research of the recipient; ‘‘(D) the growth in employment and rev-enue of eligible entities that is attributable to participation in a commercialization as-sistance pilot program; ‘‘(E) a comparison of commercialization success of eligible entities participating in a commercialization assistance pilot program with recipients of an additional Phase II SBIR award under subsection (ff); ‘‘(F) demographic information, such as eth-nicity and geographic location, of eligible entities participating in a commercialization assistance pilot program; ‘‘(G) an accounting of the funds used at each covered agency that implements a com-mercialization assistance pilot program under this subsection; ‘‘(H) the amount of matching funding pro-vided by eligible third party investors, set forth separately by source of funding; ‘‘(I) an analysis of the effectiveness of the commercialization assistance pilot program implemented by each covered agency; and ‘‘(J) recommendations for improvements to the commercialization assistance pilot program. ‘‘(10) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
OVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘covered agency’ means a Federal agency required to have an SBIR program. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a small business concern that has received a Phase II award under an SBIR program and an additional Phase II SBIR award under subsection (ff) from the covered agency to which the small business concern is applying for a subsequent Phase II SBIR award. ‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE THIRD PARTY INVESTOR .—The term ‘eligible third party investor’ means a small business concern other than an eligible entity, a venture capital firm, an individual investor, a non-SBIR Federal, State or local government, or any combination thereof. ‘‘(D) I
NELIGIBLE SOURCES .—The term ‘ineli-gible sources’ means the following: ‘‘(i) The internal research and development funds of the eligible entity. ‘‘(ii) Funding in forms other than cash, such as in-kind or other intangible assets. ‘‘(iii) Funding from the owners of the eligi-ble entity, or the family members or affili-ates of those owners. ‘‘(iv) Funding attained through loans or other forms of debt obligations. ‘‘(E) S
UBSEQUENT PHASE II SBIR AWARD .— The term ‘subsequent Phase II SBIR award’ means an award granted to an eligible entity under this subsection to carry out further commercialization activities for research conducted pursuant to an SBIR program. ‘‘(F) U
NDERPERFORMING STATE .—The term ‘underperforming State’ means any State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.038 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3776 June 12, 2018 
participating in the SBIR program that is in the bottom 50 percent of all States histori-cally receiving SBIR program funding.’’. 
SA 2797. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. ANNUAL LIST OF SBIR AWARDS. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(tt) A
NNUAL LIST OF LOWPARTICIPATION  S
TATES .—Each Federal agency participating in the SBIR program shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress (as defined in subsection (nn)(3)(C)) an annual report that includes, for the preceding 12-month pe-riod— ‘‘(1) a list of the number of SBIR awards provided to small business concerns in each State; and ‘‘(2) a plan to increase the number of SBIR awards provided to small business concerns located in the 10 States listed under para-graph (1) with the lowest number of SBIR awards.’’. 
SA 2798. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY. 
Section 1605A(a)(2)(A)(i) of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) the Department of State has other-wise determined the foreign state engages in a pattern or practice of torture, extrajudicial killing, aircraft sabotage, hostage taking, or the provision of material support or re-sources for such an act if such act or provi-sion of material support or resources is en-gaged in by an official, employee, or agent of such foreign state while acting within the scope of his or her office, employment or agency (excluding acts of war).’’. 
SA 2799. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
OTTON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INITIATIVE TO SUPPORT PROTEC-TION OF NATIONAL SECURITY ACA-DEMIC RESEARCHERS FROM UNDUE INFLUENCE AND OTHER SECURITY THREATS. 
(a) I NITIATIVE REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with other ap-propriate government organizations, estab-lish an initiative to work with academic in-stitutions who perform defense research and engineering activities— (1) to support protection of intellectual property, controlled information, key per-sonnel, and information about critical tech-nologies relevant to national security; (2) to limit undue influence by countries engaged in illicit behaviors to exploit United States technology within the Department of Defense research, technology, and innova-tion enterprise; and (3) to support efforts toward development of domestic talent in relevant scientific and engineering fields. (b) I
NSTITUTIONS AND ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The initiative required by subsection (a) shall be developed and exe-cuted to the maximum extent practicable with academic research institutions and other educational and research organiza-tions. (2) R
ECORD OF EXCELLENCE .—In selecting research institutions of higher education under this subsection, the Secretary shall prioritize selection of institutions of higher education that the Secretary determines demonstrate a record of excellence in indus-trial security and counterintelligence in aca-demia and in research and development. (c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The initiative required by subsection (a) shall include development of the following: (1) Information exchange forum and infor-mation repositories to enable awareness of security threats and influence operations being executed against the United States re-search, technology, and innovation enter-prise. (2) Training and other support for aca-demic institutions to promote security and limit undue influence on institutions and personnel, including financial support for execution for such activities. (3) Opportunities to collaborate with de-fense researchers and research organizations in secure facilities to promote protection of critical information. (4) Regulations and procedures— (A) for government and academic organiza-tions and personnel to support the goals of the initiative; and (B) that are consistent with policies that protect open and scientific exchange in fun-damental research. (5) Policies to limit or prohibit funding for institutions or individual researchers who knowingly and repeatedly violate regula-tions developed under the initiative. (6) Initiatives to support the transition of the results of academic institution research programs into defense capabilities. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the activities carried out under the initia-tive required by subsection (a). (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the activities con-ducted and the progress made under the ini-tiative. (B) The findings of the Secretary with re-spect to the initiative. (C) Such recommendations as the Sec-retary may have for legislative or adminis-trative action relating to the matters de-scribed in subsection (a). (D) Identification and discussion of the gaps in legal authorities that need to be im-prove to enhance the security of research in-stitutions of higher education performing de-fense research. (E) A description of the actions taken by such institutions to comply with such best practices and guidelines as may be estab-lished by under the initiative. (3) FORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in both un-classified and classified formats, as appro-priate. (e) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION DE-
FINED .—The term ‘‘institution of higher edu-cation’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). 
SA 2800. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. ENHANCEMENT OF MONITORING AND INVESTIGATION OF TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS. 
Section 1704 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (22 U.S.C. 7104b) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) S
UPPLY CHAIN TRANSPARENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To facilitate monitoring and investigation of human trafficking, the Office of Management and Budget shall en-sure that the searchable public website es-tablished pursuant to the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282) includes the following information on Federal awards at each tier to both domestic and foreign awardees: ‘‘(B) Notice of whether a contractor must provide a compliance plan to prevent human trafficking under section 1703 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (22 U.S.C. 1704a). ‘‘(C) Notice of whether the location of per-formance or production facilities is within a country ranked at tier 2 or tier 3 in the most recent Human Trafficking Report of the De-partment of State. ‘‘(D) Additional information that facili-tates monitoring and investigation of human trafficking. ‘‘(2) P
HASE -IN PERIOD FOR REPORTING SUB -
CONTRACTS AND SUBGRANTS .—Pursuant to paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall— ‘‘(A) issue a time-bound plan to phase in the new reporting not later than January 1, 2020; ‘‘(B) require reporting of subcontract and subgrant data at tier one not later than Jan-uary 1, 2020; ‘‘(C) require reporting of subcontract and subgrant data at tier two not later than Jan-uary 1, 2022; and ‘‘(D) include in the annual report required by section 2(g) of the Federal Funding Ac-countability and Transparency Act (Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.038 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3777 June 12, 2018 
Law 109–282; 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), progress on these stages and options for transparency at lower stages starting in fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
INIMUM THRESHOLD .—Consistent with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–282; 31 U.S.C. 6101 note), executive agen-cies need not disclose contracts, sub-contracts, grants, subgrants, or cooperative agreements less than $25,000 or contractors with gross income less than $300,000 in the previous tax year. ‘‘(B) S
ECURITY RISKS .—An awarding agency need not disclose the identity of a foreign awardee if the awarding agency certifies that disclosure of the contractor’s identity would pose a security risk to the contractor or its contractual mission. ‘‘(C) W
AIVERS .— ‘‘(i) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Office of Management and Budg-et shall issue guidance to establish a process by which a contractor, subcontractor, grant-ee, subgrantee, or parties to cooperative agreements may request a waiver from any of the requirements set forth in the section. ‘‘(ii) C
RITERIA .—To receive a waiver, the contractor, subcontractor, grantee, sub-grantee, or party to a cooperative agreement must demonstrate why it cannot currently meet the requirements and must explain the steps it will take to meet the requirements once the waiver expires. ‘‘(iii) E
XPIRATION .—This waiver option will expire on January 1, 2021. ‘‘(iv) W
AIVER LIST .—The Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall maintain a public list of all contractors, subcontractors, grantees, subgrantees, or parties to cooperative agree-ments that have received a waiver. 
SA 2801. Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Ms. S MITH) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 823. PUBLICATION OF ANNUAL REPORTS ON BUY AMERICAN AND HIRE AMER-ICAN COMPLIANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The head of each agency required to submit reports under Executive Order 13788, entitled ‘‘Buy American and Hire American’’, (or any successor order) shall make each report available to the pub-lic, and submit each report to Congress, at the same time the head of the agency sub-mits the report to the Secretary of Com-merce and Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. (b) P
UBLICATION OF PREVIOUS REPORTS .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each agency that was previously required to sub-mit a report under Executive Order 13788 shall make each such report available to the public, and submit each such report to Con-gress. 
SA 2802. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. REPORT ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES IN SOMALIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the United States Africa Command shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the process by which the Commander investigates alle-gations of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations in Soma-lia during the period beginning on January 1, 2017, and ending on November 30, 2018. (b) E
LEMENT .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of— (A) the criteria applied by the Commander to assess the credibility of such allegations made by an individual not affiliated with the Department of Defense; and (B) the manner in which the Commander overcomes an obstacle to accessing a loca-tion or witness relevant to an investigation of such civilian casualties. (2) An explanation of any discrepancy be-tween the assessment of the Department with respect to specific civilian casualties and independent reports of such casualties. (c) F
ORM.—The report required by sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SA 2803. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1006. TREATMENT OF ACTIVITIES RELATING TO TRAINING AND READINESS OF THE ARMED FORCES DURING A LAPSE IN APPROPRIATIONS AS VOL-UNTARY SERVICES ACCEPTABLE BY THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 1342 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘However, the term does include any portion of a fiscal year dur-ing which the appropriation bill for the fiscal year for the Department of Defense or the Department of Homeland Security, as appli-cable, has not become law and an Act or joint resolution making continuing appro-priations for the fiscal year is not in effect, but only with respect to activities relating to the training and readiness of the Armed Forces (including the National Guard and the Reserves) carried out during such por-tion of the fiscal year.’’. 
SA 2804. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 706. REQUIREMENT FOR PHYSICAL EXAMI-NATIONS OF MEMBERS OF THE SE-LECTED RESERVE OF THE READY RESERVE OF THE RESERVE COMPO-NENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO ARE SEPARATING FROM THE SE-LECTED RESERVE. 
Section 1145(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pursuant to’’ and inserting ‘‘described in’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(A)(i)’’; (ii) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) is a member of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve of a reserve component who is scheduled to separate from the Se-lected Reserve within 90 days;’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘examination under para-graph (1) to a’’ and inserting ‘‘examination— ‘‘(i) under paragraph (1)(A)(i) to a’’; (B) in clause (i), as designated by subpara-graph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) under paragraph (1)(A)(ii) to a mem-ber of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Re-serve of a reserve component during the 90- day period before the date on which the member is scheduled to be separated from the Selected Reserve; and’’. 
SA 2805. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 633. AUTHORITY FOR SALE OF BEER, WINE, AND DISTILLED SPIRITS AT COM-MISSARY STORES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2484(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (9) and (10) as paragraphs (10) and (11), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-lowing new paragraph (9): ‘‘(9) Beer, wine, and distilled spirits.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on such date, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, as the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and the Director of the Defense Commissary Agency shall jointly specify for purposes of this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.039 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3778 June 12, 2018 
SA 2806. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. PROHIBITION ON PROCUREMENT OF FOREIGN-MADE COMMERCIAL UN-MANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may not procure or extend or renew a contract to procure any unmanned aerial system (UAS) that is manufactured outside the United States. (b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may waive the requirement under subsection (a) on a case-by-case basis upon certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is necessary for national security reasons. 
SA 2807. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 3111. 
SA 2808. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: DIVISION E—DHS AUTHORIZATION ACT 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security Authorization Act’’ or the ‘‘DHS Authorization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES. 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. TITLE I—DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY HEADQUARTERS Subtitle A—Headquarters Operations 
SEC. 1101. FUNCTIONS AND COMPONENTS OF HEADQUARTERS OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘through the Office of State and Local Coordination (established under section 801)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘through the Office of Partnership and Engagement’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) HEADQUARTERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is in the Depart-ment a Headquarters. ‘‘(2) C
OMPONENTS .—The Department Head-quarters shall include each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Office of the Secretary, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the Deputy Secretary; ‘‘(ii) the Chief of Staff; and ‘‘(iii) the Executive Secretary. ‘‘(B) The Management Directorate, includ-ing the Office of the Chief Financial Officer. ‘‘(C) The Science and Technology Direc-torate. ‘‘(D) The Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans. ‘‘(E) The Office of the General Counsel. ‘‘(F) The Office of the Chief Privacy and FOIA Officer. ‘‘(G) The Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. ‘‘(H) The Office of Operations Coordina-tion. ‘‘(I) The Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis. ‘‘(J) The Office of Legislative Affairs. ‘‘(K) The Office of Public Affairs. ‘‘(L) The Office of the Inspector General. ‘‘(M) The Office of the Citizenship and Im-migration Services Ombudsman. ‘‘(N) The Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office. ‘‘(O) The Office of Partnership and Engage-ment.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES .—Section 103(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘; A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES AND OTHER OFFI-
CERS’’ after ‘‘U NDER SECRETARIES ’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by amending subpara-graph (I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) An Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration.’’; (3) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES .—The fol- lowing Assistant Secretaries shall be ap-pointed by the President or the Secretary, as the case may be, without the advice and con-sent of the Senate: ‘‘(A) P
RESIDENTIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The Department shall have the following Assist-ant Secretaries appointed by the President: ‘‘(i) The Assistant Secretary for Public Af-fairs. ‘‘(ii) The Assistant Secretary for Legisla-tive Affairs. ‘‘(iii) The Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice. ‘‘(iv) The Chief Medical Officer. ‘‘(B) S
ECRETARIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The De- partment shall have the following Assistant Secretaries appointed by the Secretary: ‘‘(i) The Assistant Secretary for Inter-national Affairs. ‘‘(ii) The Assistant Secretary for Threat Prevention and Security Policy. ‘‘(iii) The Assistant Secretary for Border, Immigration, and Trade Policy. ‘‘(iv) The Assistant Secretary for Cyberse-curity, Infrastructure, and Resilience Policy. ‘‘(v) The Assistant Secretary for Strategy, Planning, Analysis, and Risk. ‘‘(vi) The Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement. ‘‘(vii) The Assistant Secretary for Partner-ship and Engagement. ‘‘(viii) The Assistant Secretary for Private Sector.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON CREATION OF POSI -
TIONS .—No Assistant Secretary position may be created in addition to the positions pro-vided for by this section unless such position is authorized by a statute enacted after the date of the enactment of the DHS Authoriza-tion Act.’’. SEC. 1102. RESPONSIBILITIES AND FUNCTIONS OF CHIEF PRIVACY AND FOIA OFFI-CER. 
Section 222(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 142(a)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘to be the Chief Privacy and FOIA Officer of the Department,’’ after ‘‘in the Department,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘to the Secretary, to as-sume’’ and inserting ‘‘to the Secretary. Such official shall have’’; (2) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) by striking paragraph (6); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) developing guidance to assist compo-nents of the Department in developing pri-vacy policies and practices; ‘‘(7) establishing a mechanism to ensure such components are in compliance with Federal regulatory and statutory and De-partment privacy requirements, mandates, directives, and policies, including require-ments under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Free-dom of Information Act’); ‘‘(8) working with components and offices of the Department to ensure that informa-tion sharing and policy development activi-ties incorporate privacy protections; ‘‘(9) serving as the Chief FOIA Officer of the Department for purposes of section 552(j) of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’); ‘‘(10) preparing an annual report to Con-gress that includes a description of the ac-tivities of the Department that affect pri-vacy during the fiscal year covered by the re-port, including complaints of privacy viola-tions, implementation of section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), internal controls, and other matters; and ‘‘(11) carrying out such other responsibil-ities as the Secretary determines are appro-priate, consistent with this section.’’. 
SEC. 1103. RESPONSIBILITIES OF CHIEF FINAN-CIAL OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 702 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 342) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In carrying out the responsibilities, authorities, and functions specified in section 902 of title 31, United States Code, the Chief Financial Officer shall— ‘‘(1) oversee Department budget formula-tion and execution; ‘‘(2) lead and provide guidance on perform-ance-based budgeting practices for the De-partment to ensure that the Department and its components are meeting missions and goals; ‘‘(3) lead cost-estimating practices for the Department, including the development of policies on cost estimating and approval of life cycle cost estimates; ‘‘(4) coordinate with the Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans to ensure that the develop-ment of the budget for the Department is compatible with the long-term strategic plans, priorities, and policies of the Sec-retary; ‘‘(5) develop financial management policy for the Department and oversee the imple-mentation of such policy, including the es-tablishment of effective internal controls 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.040 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3779 June 12, 2018 
over financial reporting systems and proc-esses throughout the Department; ‘‘(6) lead financial system modernization efforts throughout the Department; ‘‘(7) lead the efforts of the Department re-lated to financial oversight, including identi-fying ways to streamline and standardize business processes; ‘‘(8) oversee the costs of acquisition pro-grams and related activities to ensure that actual and planned costs are in accordance with budget estimates and are affordable, or can be adequately funded, over the lifecycle of such programs and activities; ‘‘(9) fully implement a common accounting structure to be used across the entire De-partment by fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(10) participate in the selection, perform-ance planning, and review of cost estimating positions with the Department; ‘‘(11) track, approve, oversee, and make public information on expenditures by com-ponents of the Department for conferences, as appropriate, including by requiring each component to— ‘‘(A) report to the Inspector General of the Department the expenditures by such compo-nent for each conference hosted for which the total expenditures of the Department ex-ceed $100,000, within 15 days after the date of the conference; and ‘‘(B) with respect to such expenditures, provide to the Inspector General— ‘‘(i) the information described in sub-sections (a), (b), and (c) of section 739 of title VII of division E of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235; 128 Stat. 2389); and ‘‘(ii) documentation of such expenditures; and ‘‘(12) track and make public information on expenditures by components of the De-partment for conferences, as appropriate, in-cluding by requiring each component to— ‘‘(A) report to the Inspector General of the Department the expenditures by such compo-nent for each conference hosted or attended by Department employees for which the total expenditures of the Department are more than $20,000 and less than $100,000, not later than 30 days after the date of the con-ference; and ‘‘(B) with respect to such expenditures, provide to the Inspector General— ‘‘(i) the information described in sub-sections (a), (b), and (c) of section 739 of title VII of division E of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235; 128 Stat. 2389); and ‘‘(ii) documentation of such expendi-tures.’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendment made by this section may be construed as altering or amending the re-sponsibilities, authorities, and functions of the Chief Financial Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security under section 902 of title 31, United States Code. 
SEC. 1104. CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 703 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘, or to another official of the Department, as the Secretary may di-rect’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In addition to the functions under section 3506(a)(2) of title 44, United States Code, and section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, the Chief Information Officer shall— ‘‘(1) serve as the lead technical authority for information technology programs of the Department and components of the Depart-ment; and ‘‘(2) advise and assist the Secretary, heads of the components of the Department, and other senior officers in carrying out the re-sponsibilities of the Department for all ac-tivities relating to the budgets, programs, security, and operations of the information technology functions of the Department.’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) STRATEGIC PLANS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Information Officer shall, in coordination with the Chief Financial Officer, develop an information technology strategic plan every 5 years and report to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate on the extent to which— ‘‘(A) the budget of the Department aligns with priorities specified in the information technology strategic plan; ‘‘(B) the information technology strategic plan informs the budget process of the De-partment; ‘‘(C) the Department has identified and ad-dressed skills gaps needed to implement the information technology strategic plan; ‘‘(D) unnecessary duplicative information technology within and across the compo-nents of the Department has been elimi-nated; ‘‘(E) outcome-oriented goals, quantifiable performance measures, and strategies for achieving those goals and measures have succeeded; and ‘‘(F) internal control weaknesses and how the Department will address those weak-nesses. ‘‘(2) I
NITIAL PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Chief Information Officer shall complete the first information technology strategic plan required under paragraph (1).’’. (b) S
OFTWARE LICENSING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and each year thereafter through fiscal year 2021, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit the com-prehensive software license policy developed to meet the requirements of section 2 of the MEGABYTE Act of 2016 (40 U.S.C. 11302 note), including any updates provided to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, to— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee of Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (2) D
EPARTMENT INVENTORY .—Beginning in fiscal year 2022, and once every 2 fiscal years thereafter, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, in consultation with the component chief infor-mation officers, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report con-taining— (A) a department-wide inventory of all software licenses held by the Department of Homeland Security on unclassified and clas-sified systems, including utilized and unuti-lized licenses; (B) an assessment of the needs of the De-partment of Homeland Security and the components of the Department of Homeland Security for software licenses for the subse-quent 2 fiscal years; (C) an explanation as to how the use of shared cloud-computing services or other new technologies will impact the needs for software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; and (D) plans and estimated costs for elimi-nating unutilized software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; and (E) a plan to expedite licensing of software developed for the Department of Homeland Security to the private sector. (3) PLAN TO REDUCE SOFTWARE LICENSES .—If the Chief Information Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security determines through the inventory conducted under para-graph (2) that the number of software li-censes held by the Department of Homeland Security and the components of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security exceeds the needs of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, not later than 90 days after the date on which the inventory is completed, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall establish a plan for reducing the number of such soft-ware licenses to meet needs of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than the end of fiscal year 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the extent to which the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Homeland Security fulfilled all requirements established in this section and the amend-ments made by this section. 
SEC. 1105. QUADRENNIAL HOMELAND SECURITY REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 706 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 1142 of this Act, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) representatives from appropriate advi-sory committees established pursuant to sec-tion 871, including the Homeland Security Advisory Council and the Homeland Security Science and Technology Advisory Com-mittee, or otherwise established, including the Aviation Security Advisory Committee established pursuant to section 44946 of title 49, United States Code; and’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘based on the risk assessment required pur-suant to subsection (c)(2)(B)’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, to the extent prac-ticable,’’ after ‘‘describe’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘budget plan’’ and insert-ing ‘‘resources required’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, to the extent prac-ticable,’’ after ‘‘identify’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘budget plan required to provide sufficient resources to successfully’’ and inserting ‘‘resources required to’’; and (iii) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘, including any resources identified from redundant, wasteful, or un-necessary capabilities and capacities that can be redirected to better support other ex-isting capabilities and capacities, as the case may be; and’’; (D) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (E) by striking paragraph (6); (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘de-scription of the threats to’’ and inserting ‘‘risk assessment of’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3780 June 12, 2018 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, as required under subsection (b)(2)’’ before the semicolon at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by inserting ‘‘to the extent prac-ticable,’’ before ‘‘a description’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘budget plan’’ and insert-ing ‘‘resources required’’; (iv) in subparagraph (F)— (I) by inserting ‘‘to the extent prac-ticable,’’ before ‘‘a discussion’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the status of’’; (v) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by inserting ‘‘to the extent prac-ticable,’’ before ‘‘a discussion’’; (II) by striking ‘‘the status of’’; (III) by inserting ‘‘and risks’’ before ‘‘to national homeland’’; and (IV) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (vi) by striking subparagraph (H); and (vii) by redesignating subparagraph (I) as subparagraph (H); (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) D
OCUMENTATION .—The Secretary shall retain, from each quadrennial homeland se-curity review, all information regarding the risk assessment, as required under sub-section (c)(2)(B), including— ‘‘(A) the risk model utilized to generate the risk assessment; ‘‘(B) information, including data used in the risk model, utilized to generate the risk assessment; and ‘‘(C) sources of information, including other risk assessments, utilized to generate the risk assessment.’’; (4) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (5) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the submission of each report required under subsection (c)(1), the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate information on the degree to which the findings and rec-ommendations developed in the quadrennial homeland security review covered by the re-port were integrated into the acquisition strategy and expenditure plans for the De-partment.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to a quadrennial homeland security review conducted under section 706 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated, after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1106. OFFICE OF STRATEGY, POLICY, AND PLANS. 
(a) A BOLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF INTER -
NATIONAL AFFAIRS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office of Inter-national Affairs within the Office of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security is abolished. (2) T
RANSFER OF ASSETS AND PERSONNEL .— The functions authorized to be performed by the office described in paragraph (1) as of the day before the date of enactment of this Act, and the assets and personnel associated with such functions, are transferred to the Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans of the Department of Homeland Security under section 708 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 1142 of this Act. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 317(b) (6 U.S.C. 195c(b))— (i) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for International Affairs,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘the Office of International Affairs and’’; and (B) by striking section 879 (6 U.S.C. 459). (4) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 879. (b) H
OMELAND SECURITY ADVISORY COUN-
CIL.—Section 102(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) shall establish a Homeland Security Advisory Council to provide advice and rec-ommendations on homeland security-related matters, including advice with respect to the preparation of the quadrennial homeland se-curity review under section 706.’’. (c) O
FFICE OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS .—Sec- tion 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) O
FFICE OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any report that the Department or a component of the Depart-ment is required to submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate or the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under any provision of law shall be submitted concurrently to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any report described in paragraph (1) that is submitted on or after the date of enactment of the DHS Authoriza-tion Act. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall notify, in writing, the chairmen and ranking members of the authorizing and appropriating com-mittees of jurisdiction regarding policy memoranda, management directives, and re-programming notifications issued by the De-partment.’’. (d) O
FFICE OF PRIVATE SECTOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 103 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), as amended, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) O
FFICE OF PRIVATE SECTOR .—The As- sistant Secretary for Private Sector shall be responsible for— ‘‘(1) creating and fostering strategic com-munications with the private sector to en-hance the primary mission of the Depart-ment to protect the American homeland; ‘‘(2) advising the Secretary on the impact of the Department’s policies, regulations, processes, and actions on the private sector; ‘‘(3) interfacing with other relevant Fed-eral agencies with homeland security mis-sions to assess the impact of these agencies’ actions on the private sector; ‘‘(4) creating and managing private sector advisory councils composed of representa-tives of industries and associations des-ignated by the Secretary to— ‘‘(A) advise the Secretary on private sector products, applications, and solutions as they relate to homeland security challenges; and ‘‘(B) advise the Secretary on homeland se-curity policies, regulations, processes, and actions that affect the participating indus-tries and associations; ‘‘(5) working with Federal laboratories, federally funded research and development centers, other federally funded organiza-tions, academia, and the private sector to de-velop innovative approaches to address homeland security challenges to produce and deploy the best available technologies for homeland security missions; ‘‘(6) promoting existing public-private partnerships and developing new public-pri-vate partnerships to provide for collabora-tion and mutual support to address home-land security challenges; and ‘‘(7) assisting in the development and pro-motion of private sector best practices to se-cure critical infrastructure.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 102(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112(f)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) through (7); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (8), (9), (10), and (11) as paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4), respectively. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section each of the terms ‘‘assets’’, ‘‘functions’’, and ‘‘per-sonnel’’ have the meanings given those terms under section 2 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). (f) D
UPLICATION REVIEW .— (1) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall complete a review of the functions and re-sponsibilities of each Department of Home-land Security component responsible for international affairs to identify and elimi-nate areas of unnecessary duplication. (2) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of the re-view required under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall provide the results of the review to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (3) A
CTION PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the congressional homeland security committees, as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101, as amended by this Act, an action plan, in-cluding corrective steps and an estimated date of completion, to address areas of dupli-cation, fragmentation, and overlap and op-portunities for cost savings and revenue en-hancement, as identified by the Government Accountability Office based on the annual report of the Government Accountability Of-fice entitled ‘‘Additional Opportunities to Reduce Fragmentation, Overlap, and Dupli-cation and Achieve Other Financial Bene-fits’’. 
SEC. 1107. CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1142, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 709. CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Depart-ment a Chief Procurement Officer, who shall serve as a senior business advisor to agency officials on procurement-related matters and report directly to the Under Secretary for Management. The Chief Procurement Officer is the senior procurement executive for pur-poses of subsection (c) of section 1702 of title 41, United States Code, and shall perform procurement functions as specified in such subsection. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Procure-ment Officer shall— ‘‘(1) delegate or retain contracting author-ity, as appropriate; ‘‘(2) issue procurement policies and oversee the heads of contracting activity of the De-partment to ensure compliance with those policies; ‘‘(3) serve as the main liaison of the De-partment to industry on procurement-re-lated issues; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3781 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(4) account for the integrity, perform-ance, and oversight of Department procure-ment and contracting functions; ‘‘(5) ensure that procurement contracting strategies and plans are consistent with the intent and direction of the Acquisition Re-view Board; ‘‘(6) oversee a centralized acquisition workforce certification and training pro-gram using, as appropriate, existing best practices and acquisition training opportuni-ties from the Federal Government, private sector, or universities and colleges to in-clude training on how best to identify ac-tions that warrant referrals for suspension or debarment; ‘‘(7) approve the selection and organiza-tional placement of each head of contracting activity within the Department and partici-pate in the periodic performance reviews of each head of contracting activity of the De-partment; ‘‘(8) ensure that a fair proportion of the value of Federal contracts and subcontracts are awarded to small business concerns, as defined under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632), (in accordance with the procurement contract goals under section 15(g) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(g)), maximize opportunities for small business participation in such contracts, and ensure, to the extent practicable, small busi-ness concerns that achieve qualified vendor status for security-related technologies are provided an opportunity to compete for con-tracts for such technology; and ‘‘(9) carry out any other procurement du-ties that the Under Secretary for Manage-ment may designate. ‘‘(c) H
EAD OF CONTRACTING ACTIVITY DE-
FINED .—In this section the term ‘head of con-tracting activity’ means an official who is delegated, by the Chief Procurement Officer and Senior Procurement Executive, the re-sponsibility for the creation, management, and oversight of a team of procurement pro-fessionals properly trained, certified, and warranted to accomplish the acquisition of products and services on behalf of the des-ignated components, offices, and organiza-tions of the Department, and as authorized, other government entities.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1142, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 708 the following: ‘‘Sec. 709. Chief Procurement Officer.’’. 
SEC. 1108. CHIEF SECURITY OFFICER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1107, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 710. CHIEF SECURITY OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Depart-ment a Chief Security Officer, who shall re-port directly to the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Security Officer shall— ‘‘(1) develop, implement, and oversee com-pliance with the security policies, programs, and standards of the Department; ‘‘(2) participate in— ‘‘(A) the selection and organizational placement of each senior security official of a component, and the deputy for each such official, and any other senior executives re-sponsible for security-related matters; and ‘‘(B) the periodic performance planning and reviews; ‘‘(3) identify training requirements, stand-ards, and oversight of education to Depart-ment personnel on security-related matters; ‘‘(4) develop security programmatic guide-lines; ‘‘(5) review contracts and interagency agreements associated with major security investments within the Department; and ‘‘(6) provide support to Department compo-nents on security-related matters.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended, as amended by sec-tion 1107, by inserting after the item relating to section 709 the following: ‘‘Sec. 710. Chief Security Officer.’’. 
SEC. 1109. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
(a) N OTIFICATION .—The heads of offices and components of the Department of Homeland Security shall promptly advise the Inspector General of the Department of all allegations of misconduct with respect to which the In-spector General has investigative authority under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (b) W
AIVER .—The Inspector General may waive the notification requirement under this section with respect to any category or subset of allegations of misconduct. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting the authority of the Secretary of Homeland Security under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 1110. OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS AND CIVIL LIBERTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 705 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 345) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
ES-
TABLISHMENT OF OFFICER FOR ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘Chief’’ before ‘‘Officer’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (d); and (4) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) O
FFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS AND CIVIL L
IBERTIES .—There is in the Department an Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. Under the direction of the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer, the Office shall support the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Lib-erties Officer in the following: ‘‘(1) Integrating civil rights and civil lib-erties into activities of the Department by conducting programs and providing policy advice and other technical assistance. ‘‘(2) Investigating complaints and informa-tion indicating possible abuses of civil rights or civil liberties, unless the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department determines that any such complaint or information should be in-vestigated by the Inspector General. ‘‘(3) Directing the Department’s equal em-ployment opportunity and diversity policies and programs, including complaint manage-ment and adjudication. ‘‘(4) Communicating with individuals and communities whose civil rights and civil lib-erties may be affected by Department activi-ties. ‘‘(5) Any other activities as assigned by the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer. ‘‘(c) C
OMPONENT CIVIL RIGHTS AND CIVIL L
IBERTIES OFFICERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In consultation with the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer, the head of each component of the Depart-ment shall appoint a senior-level Federal employee with experience and background in civil rights and civil liberties as the Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer for the component. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Each Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer appointed under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(A) serve as the main point of contact for the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Of-ficer; and ‘‘(B) coordinate with the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer to oversee the in-tegration of civil rights and civil liberties into the activities of the component.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 705 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 705. Civil Rights and Civil Liberties.’’. 
SEC. 1111. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SEC-
RETARY FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY .— (1) D
IRECTORATE FOR SCIENCE AND TECH -
NOLOGY .—Section 302 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 182) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Under’’ and inserting ‘‘The Under’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and eval-uation’’ and inserting ‘‘evaluation, and standards coordination and development’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 315(a)(2)(A) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking ‘‘Direc-torate of Science and Technology and Home-land Security Advanced Research Projects Agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Directorate of Science and Technology and the Chief Sci-entist’’. (b) O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF SCIENTIST .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 307 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 187) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
HOMELAND SECURITY ADVANCED RESEARCH  
PROJECTS AGENCY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ OFFICE OF  
THE CHIEF SCIENTIST ’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking paragraphs (1) and (3); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (4) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; and (C) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF SCIENTIST .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Office of the Chief Scientist. ‘‘(2) C
HIEF SCIENTIST .—The Office of the Chief Scientist shall be headed by a Chief Scientist, who shall be appointed by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Chief Scientist shall— ‘‘(A) be appointed from among distin-guished scientists with specialized training or significant experience in a field related to counterterrorism, traditional homeland se-curity missions, or national defense; and ‘‘(B) have earned an advanced degree at an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)). ‘‘(4) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Scientist shall oversee all research and development to— ‘‘(A) support basic and applied homeland security research to promote revolutionary changes in technologies that would promote homeland security; ‘‘(B) advance the development, testing and evaluation, standards coordination and de-velopment, and deployment of critical home-land security technologies; ‘‘(C) accelerate the prototyping and de-ployment of technologies that would address homeland security vulnerabilities; ‘‘(D) promote the award of competitive, merit-reviewed grants, cooperative agree-ments or contracts to public or private enti-ties, including business, federally funded re-search and development centers, and univer-sities; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3782 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(E) oversee research and development for the purpose of advancing technology for the investigation of child exploitation crimes, including child victim identification, traf-ficking in persons, and child pornography, and for advanced forensics. ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION .—The Chief Scientist shall ensure that the activities of the Direc-torate for Testing and Evaluation of Science and Technology are coordinated with those of other relevant research agencies, and may oversee projects jointly with other agencies. ‘‘(6) P
ERSONNEL .—In hiring personnel for the Science and Technology Directorate, the Secretary shall have the hiring and manage-ment authorities described in section 1599h of title 10, United States Code. The term of appointments for employees under sub-section (c)(1) of that section may not exceed 5 years before the granting of any extension under subsection (c)(2) of that section. ‘‘(7) D
EMONSTRATIONS .—The Chief Sci-entist, periodically, shall hold homeland se-curity technology demonstrations, pilots, field assessments, and workshops to improve contact among technology developers, ven-dors, component personnel, State, local, and tribal first responders, and acquisition per-sonnel.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 307 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 307. Office of the Chief Scientist.’’. 
SEC. 1112. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY ROTATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E NHANCEMENTS TO THE ROTATION PRO-
GRAM .—Section 844 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 414) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subsections (a) through (e), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins and the heading typeface accordingly; (3) in subsection (a), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘for employees of the De-partment’’ and inserting ‘‘for certain per-sonnel within the Department’’; (4) in subsection (b), as so redesignated— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (G) as paragraphs (3) through (9), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins ac-cordingly; (B) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) seek to foster greater departmental in-tegration and unity of effort; ‘‘(2) seek to help enhance the knowledge, skills, and abilities of participating per-sonnel with respect to the programs, poli-cies, and activities of the Department;’’; (C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘middle and senior level’’; and (D) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated, by inserting before ‘‘invigorate’’ the following: ‘‘seek to improve morale and retention throughout the Department and’’; (5) in subsection (c), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; and (B) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (i) by striking clause (iii); and (ii) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and (iv) through (viii) as subparagraphs (A) through (G), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (6) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e), as redesignated by paragraph (2), as sub-sections (e) and (f), respectively; (7) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(d) ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .—In car- rying out the Rotation Program the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) before selecting employees for partici-pation in the Rotation Program, disseminate information broadly within the Department about the availability of the Rotation Pro-gram, qualifications for participation in the Rotation Program, including full-time em-ployment within the employing component or office not less than 1 year, and the general provisions of the Rotation Program; ‘‘(2) require as a condition of participation in the Rotation Program that an employee— ‘‘(A) is nominated by the head of the com-ponent or office employing the employee; and ‘‘(B) is selected by the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, solely on the basis of relative ability, knowledge, and skills, after fair and open competition that assures that all candidates receive equal opportunity; ‘‘(3) ensure that each employee partici-pating in the Rotation Program shall be en-titled to return, within a reasonable period of time after the end of the period of partici-pation, to the position held by the employee, or a corresponding or higher position, in the component or office that employed the em-ployee prior to the participation of the em-ployee in the Rotation Program; ‘‘(4) require that the rights that would be available to the employee if the employee were detailed from the employing component or office to another Federal agency or office remain available to the employee during the employee participation in the Rotation Pro-gram; and ‘‘(5) require that, during the period of par-ticipation by an employee in the Rotation Program, performance evaluations for the employee— ‘‘(A) shall be conducted by officials in the office or component employing the employee with input from the supervisors of the em-ployee at the component or office in which the employee is placed during that period; and ‘‘(B) shall be provided the same weight with respect to promotions and other re-wards as performance evaluations for service in the office or component employing the employee.’’; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) I
NTELLIGENCE ROTATIONAL ASSIGNMENT  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish an Intelligence Rotational Assign-ment Program as part of the Rotation Pro-gram under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Chief Human Capital Officer, in conjunction with the Chief Intelligence Officer, shall administer the Intelligence Rotational Assignment Pro-gram established pursuant to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Intelligence Rota-tional Assignment Program established pur-suant to paragraph (1) shall be open to em-ployees serving in existing analyst positions within the Department’s intelligence enter-prise and other Department employees as de-termined appropriate by the Chief Human Capital Officer and the Chief Intelligence Of-ficer. ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION .—The responsibilities specified in subsection (c)(2) that apply to the Rotation Program under such subsection shall, as applicable, also apply to the Intel-ligence Rotational Assignment Program under this subsection. ‘‘(h) E
VALUATION .—The Chief Human Cap-ital Officer, acting through the Under Sec-retary for Management, shall— ‘‘(1) perform regular evaluations of the Homeland Security Rotation Program; and ‘‘(2) not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, submit to the Secretary a report detailing the findings of the evalua-tions under paragraph (1) during that fiscal year, which shall include— ‘‘(A) an analysis of the extent to which the program meets the goals under subsection (b); ‘‘(B) feedback from participants in the pro-gram, including the extent to which rota-tions have enhanced their performance in their current role and opportunities to im-prove the program; ‘‘(C) aggregated information about pro-gram participants; and ‘‘(D) a discussion of how rotations can be aligned with the needs of the Department with respect to employee training and mis-sion needs.’’. (b) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION AND OVER-
SIGHT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate information about the status of the Homeland Security Rotation Program authorized by section 844 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. 
SEC. 1113. FUTURE YEARS HOMELAND SECURITY PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 874 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 454) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘ YEARS ’’; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the budget of the President is submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives (referred to in this section as the ‘appropriate committees’) a Future Years Homeland Security Program that cov-ers the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 succeeding fiscal years.’’; and (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(c) P
ROJECTION OF ACQUISITION ESTI-
MATES .—On and after February 1, 2019, each Future Years Homeland Security Program shall project— ‘‘(1) acquisition estimates for the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 succeeding fiscal years, with specified estimates for each fiscal year, for all major acquisitions by the Department and each component of the Department; and ‘‘(2) estimated annual deployment sched-ules for all physical asset major acquisitions over the 5-fiscal-year period described in paragraph (1), estimated costs and number of service contracts, and the full operating ca-pability for all information technology major acquisitions. ‘‘(d) S
ENSITIVE AND CLASSIFIED INFORMA -
TION.—The Secretary may include with each Future Years Homeland Security Program a classified or other appropriately controlled document containing information required to be submitted under this section that is re-stricted from public disclosure in accordance with Federal law or Executive order. ‘‘(e) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION TO THE  P
UBLIC .—The Secretary shall make available to the public in electronic form the informa-tion required to be submitted to the appro-priate committees under this section, other than information described in subsection (d).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3783 June 12, 2018 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 874 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 874. Future Years Homeland Security Program.’’. 
SEC. 1114. FIELD EFFICIENCIES PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a field efficiencies plan that— (1) examines the facilities and administra-tive and logistics functions of components of the Department of Homeland Security lo-cated within designated geographic areas; and (2) provides specific recommendations and an associated cost-benefit analysis for the consolidation of the facilities and adminis-trative and logistics functions of components of the Department of Homeland Security within each designated geographic area. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The field efficiencies plan submitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An accounting of leases held by the De-partment of Homeland Security or the com-ponents of the Department of Homeland Se-curity that have expired in the current fiscal year or will be expiring in the next fiscal year, that have begun or been renewed in the current fiscal year, or that the Department of Homeland Security or the components of the Department of Homeland Security plan to sign or renew in the next fiscal year. (2) For each designated geographic area: (A) An evaluation of specific facilities at which components, or operational entities of components, of the Department of Homeland Security may be closed or consolidated, in-cluding consideration of when leases expire or facilities owned by the Government be-come available. (B) An evaluation of potential consolida-tion with facilities of other Federal, State, or local entities, including— (i) offices; (ii) warehouses; (iii) training centers; (iv) housing; (v) ports, shore facilities, and airfields; (vi) laboratories; (vii) continuity of government facilities; and (viii) other assets as determined by the Secretary. (C) An evaluation of the potential for the consolidation of administrative and logistics functions, including— (i) facility maintenance; (ii) fleet vehicle services; (iii) mail handling and shipping and receiv-ing; (iv) facility security; (v) procurement of goods and services; (vi) information technology and tele-communications services and support; and (vii) additional ways to improve unity of effort and cost savings for field operations and related support activities as determined by the Secretary. (3) An implementation plan, including— (A) near-term actions that can co-locate, consolidate, or dispose of property within 24 months; (B) identifying long-term occupancy agree-ments or leases that cannot be changed with-out a significant cost to the Government; and (C) how the Department of Homeland Secu-rity can ensure it has the capacity, in both personnel and funds, needed to cover up- front costs to achieve consolidation and effi-ciencies. (4) An accounting of any consolidation of the real estate footprint of the Department or any component of the Department, includ-ing the co-location of personnel from dif-ferent components, offices, and agencies within the Department. SEC. 1115. MANAGEMENT. 
(a) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS OF INFORMA -
TION REGARDING REPROGRAMMING OR TRANS -
FER OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  R
ESOURCES TO RESPOND TO OPERATIONAL  S
URGES .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1108, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 711. ANNUAL SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS OF INFORMATION ON REPROGRAMMING OR TRANSFERS OF FUNDS TO RE-SPOND TO OPERATIONAL SURGES. 
‘‘For each fiscal year until fiscal year 2023, the Secretary shall provide to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, together with the annual budget request for the Department, informa-tion on— ‘‘(1) any circumstance during the fiscal year covered by the report in which the Sec-retary exercised the authority to reprogram or transfer funds to address unforeseen costs, including costs associated with operational surges; and ‘‘(2) any circumstance in which any limita-tion on the transfer or reprogramming of funds affected the ability of the Secretary to address such unforeseen costs.’’. (b) L
ONG TERM REAL PROPERTY STRATE -
GIES.—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 712. CHIEF FACILITIES AND LOGISTICS OF-FICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is a Chief Facili-ties and Logistics Officer of the Department who shall report directly to the Under Sec-retary for Management. The Chief Facilities and Logistics Officer shall be career reserved for a member of the senior executive service. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Facili-ties and Logistics Officer shall— ‘‘(1) develop policies and procedures and provide program oversight to manage real property, facilities, environmental and en-ergy programs, personal property, mobile as-sets, equipment, and other material re-sources of the Department; ‘‘(2) manage and execute, in consultation with the component heads, mission support services within the National Capital Region for real property, facilities, environmental and energy programs, and other common headquarters and field activities for the De-partment; and ‘‘(3) provide tactical and transactional services for the Department in the National Capital Region, including transportation, fa-cility operations, and maintenance. 
‘‘SEC. 713. LONG TERM REAL PROPERTY STRATE-GIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) F
IRST STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, the Under Secretary for Management, in consultation with the Administrator of General Services, shall develop an initial 5- year regional real property strategy for the Department that covers the 5-fiscal-year pe-riod immediately following such date of en-actment. Such strategy shall be geographi-cally organized, as designated by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(2) S
ECOND STRATEGY .—Not later than the first day of the fourth fiscal year covered by the first strategy under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary for Management, in con-sultation with the Administrator of General Services, shall develop a second 5-year real property strategy for the Department that covers the 5 fiscal years immediately fol-lowing the conclusion of the first strategy. ‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL STRATEGY .—The initial 5-year strategy developed in accordance with sub-section (a)(1) shall— ‘‘(A) identify opportunities to consolidate real property, optimize the usage of Federal assets, and decrease the number of commer-cial leases and square footage within the De-partment’s real property portfolio; ‘‘(B) provide alternate housing and consoli-dation plans to increase efficiency through joint use of Department spaces while de-creasing the cost of leased space; ‘‘(C) concentrate on geographical areas with a significant Department presence, as identified by the Under Secretary for Man-agement; ‘‘(D) examine the establishment of central Department locations in each such geo-graphical region and the co-location of De-partment components based on the mission sets and responsibilities of such components; ‘‘(E) identify opportunities to reduce over-head costs through co-location or consolida-tion of real property interests or mission support activities, such as shared mail screening and processing, centralized trans-portation and shuttle services, regional tran-sit benefit programs, common contracting for custodial and other services, and leveraging strategic sourcing contracts and sharing of specialized facilities, such as training facilities and resources; ‘‘(F) manage the current Department Workspace Standard for Office Space in ac-cordance with the Department office work-space design process to develop the most effi-cient and effective spaces within the work-space standard usable square foot ranges for all leased for office space entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, including the renewal of any leases for office space existing as of such date; ‘‘(G) define, based on square footage, what constitutes a major real property acquisi-tion; ‘‘(H) prioritize actions to be taken to im-prove the operations and management of the Department’s real property inventory, based on life-cycle cost estimations, in consulta-tion with component heads; ‘‘(I) include information on the head-quarters consolidation project of the Depart-ment, including— ‘‘(i) an updated list of the components and offices to be included in the project; ‘‘(ii) a comprehensive assessment of the current and future real property required by the Department at the site; and ‘‘(iii) updated cost and schedule estimates; and ‘‘(J) include any additional information de-termined appropriate or relevant by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(2) S
ECOND STRATEGY .—The second 5-year strategy developed in accordance with sub-section (a)(2) shall include information re-quired in subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (E), (F), (G), (H), (I), and (J) of paragraph (1) and in-formation on the effectiveness of implemen-tation efforts pursuant to the Department- wide policy required in accordance with sub-section (c), including— ‘‘(A) the impact of such implementation on departmental operations and costs; and ‘‘(B) the degree to which the Department established central Department locations and co-located Department components pur-suant to the results of the examination re-quired by paragraph (1)(D). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3784 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(c) I MPLEMENTATION POLICIES .—Not later than 90 days after the development of each of the regional real property strategies devel-oped in accordance with subsection (a), the Under Secretary for Management shall de-velop or update, as applicable, a Depart-ment-wide policy implementing such strate-gies. ‘‘(d) C
ERTIFICATIONS .—Subject to sub-section (g)(3), the implementation policies developed pursuant to subsection (c) shall re-quire component heads to certify to the Under Secretary for Management that such heads have complied with the requirements specified in subsection (b) before making any major real property decision or recommenda-tion, as defined by the Under Secretary, in-cluding matters related to new leased space, renewing any existing leases, or agreeing to extend or newly occupy any Federal space or new construction, in accordance with the ap-plicable regional real property strategy de-veloped in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(e) U
NDERUTILIZED SPACE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The implementation policies developed pursuant to subsection (c) shall require component heads, acting through regional property managers under subsection (f), to annually report to the Under Secretary for Management on under-utilized space and identify space that may be made available for use, as applicable, by other components or Federal agencies. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Under Secretary for Management may grant an exception to the workspace standard usable square foot ranges described in subsection (b)(1)(F) for specific office locations at which a reduction or elimination of otherwise underutilized space would negatively impact a compo-nent’s ability to execute its mission based on readiness performance measures or would in-crease the cost of such space. ‘‘(3) U
NDERUTILIZED SPACE DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘underutilized space’ means any space with respect to which utilization is greater than the work-place standard usable square foot ranges de-scribed in subsection (b)(1)(F). ‘‘(f) C
OMPONENT RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) R
EGIONAL PROPERTY MANAGERS .—Each component head shall identify a senior ca-reer employee of each such component for each geographic region included in the re-gional real property strategies developed in accordance with subsection (a) to serve as each such component’s regional property manager. Each such regional property man-ager shall serve as a single point of contact for Department headquarters and other De-partment components for all real property matters relating to each such component within the region in which each such compo-nent is located, and provide data and any other support necessary for the Department of Homeland Security Regional Mission Sup-port Coordinator strategic asset and port-folio planning and execution. ‘‘(2) D
ATA.—Regional property managers under paragraph (1) shall provide annually to the Under Secretary for Management, via a standardized and centralized system, data on each component’s real property holdings, as specified by the Undersecretary for Manage-ment, including relating to underutilized space under subsection (e) (as such term is defined in such subsection), total square footage leased, annual cost, and total num-ber of staff, for each geographic region in-cluded in the regional real property strate-gies developed in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(g) O
NGOING OVERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management shall monitor components’ ad-herence to the regional real property strate-gies developed in accordance with subsection (a) and the implementation policies devel-oped pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(2) ANNUAL REVIEW .—The Under Secretary for Management shall annually review the data submitted pursuant to subsection (f)(2) to ensure all underutilized space (as such term is defined in subsection (e)) is properly identified. ‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION REVIEW .—The Under Secretary for Management shall review, and if appropriate, approve, component certifi-cations under subsection (d) before such components may make any major real prop-erty decision, including matters related to new leased space, renewing any existing leases, or agreeing to extend or newly occupy any Federal space or new construction, in accordance with the applicable regional real property strategy developed in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(4) C
ONGRESSIONAL REPORTING .—The Under Secretary for Management shall annu-ally provide information to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, and the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department on the real property portfolio of the Department, including infor-mation relating to the following: ‘‘(A) A summary of the Department’s real property holdings in each region described in the regional strategies developed in accord-ance with subsection (a), and for each such property, information including the total square footage leased, the total cost, the total number of staff at each such property, and the square foot per person utilization rate for office space (and whether or not it conforms with the workspace standard usa-ble square foot ranges established described in subsection (b)(1)(F)). ‘‘(B) An accounting of all underutilized space (as such term is defined in subsection (e)). ‘‘(C) An accounting of all instances in which the Department or its components consolidated their real property holdings or co-located with another entity within the Department. ‘‘(D) A list of all certifications provided pursuant to subsection (d) and all such cer-tifications approved pursuant to paragraph (3) of this subsection. ‘‘(5) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after the last day of the fifth fiscal year covered in each of the initial and second regional real property strategies de-veloped in accordance with subsection (a), the Inspector General of the Department shall review the information submitted pur-suant to paragraph (4) and issue findings re-garding the effectiveness of the implementa-tion of the Department-wide policy and over-sight efforts of the management of real prop-erty facilities, personal property, mobile as-sets, equipment and the Department’s other material resources as required under this section.’’. (c) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate copies of the regional strategies developed in accordance with section 713(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act, not later than 90 days after the date of the development of each such strategy. (d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or an amendment made by this Act shall be construed to effect, modify, or su-persede— (1) the responsibility of agencies for man-agement of their real property holdings pur-suant to title 40 of the United States Code; or (2) the reporting requirements included in the Department of Homeland Security Head-quarters Consolidation Accountability Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–150; 130 Stat. 366). (e) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1108, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 710 the following: ‘‘Sec. 711. Annual submittal to Congress of information on reprogramming or transfers of funds to respond to operational surges. ‘‘Sec. 712. Chief Facilities and Logistics Offi-cer. ‘‘Sec. 713. Long term real property strate-gies.’’. 
SEC. 1116. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON COST SAV-INGS AND EFFICIENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the congressional homeland secu-rity committees (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act) a report that includes each of the following: (1) A detailed accounting of the manage-ment and administrative expenditures and activities of each component of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and identifies potential cost savings, avoidances, and effi-ciencies for those expenditures and activi-ties. (2) An examination of major physical as-sets of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, as defined by the Secretary of Home-land Security. (3) A review of the size, experience level, and geographic distribution of the oper-ational personnel of the Department of Homeland Security. (4) Recommendations for adjustments in the management and administration of the Department of Homeland Security that would reduce deficiencies in the capabilities of the Department of Homeland Security, re-duce costs, and enhance efficiencies. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. 
SEC. 1117. COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION OFFICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XIX of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ DO- MESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE’’; (2) by striking section 1901 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1900. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘As-sistant Secretary’ means the Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. ‘‘(2) O
FFICE .—The term ‘Office’ means the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice established under section 1901(a). ‘‘(3) W
EAPON OF MASS DESTRUCTION .—The term ‘weapon of mass destruction’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’; 
‘‘SEC. 1901. COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION OFFICE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3785 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(b) A SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The Office shall be headed by an Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, who shall be appointed by the Presi-dent. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Assistant Sec-retary shall serve as the Secretary’s prin-cipal advisor on— ‘‘(1) weapons of mass destruction matters and strategies; and ‘‘(2) coordinating the efforts to counter weapons of mass destruction.’’; (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office 
‘‘SEC. 1921. MISSION OF THE OFFICE. 
‘‘The Office shall be responsible for coordi-nating with other Federal efforts and devel-oping departmental strategy and policy to plan, detect, or protect against the importa-tion, possession, storage, transportation, de-velopment, or use of unauthorized chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear mate-rials, devices, or agents, in the United States and to protect against an attack using such materials, devices, or agents against the peo-ple, territory, or interests of the United States. 
‘‘SEC. 1922. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER DEPART-MENT ENTITIES AND FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The authority of the As-sistant Secretary under this title shall nei-ther affect nor diminish the authority or the responsibility of any officer of the Depart-ment or of any officer of any other depart-ment or agency of the United States with re-spect to the command, control, or direction of the functions, personnel, funds, assets, and liabilities of any entity within the De-partment or any Federal department or agency. ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  A
GENCY .—Nothing in this title or any other provision of law may be construed to affect or reduce the responsibilities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Ad-ministrator of the Agency, including the di-version of any asset, function, or mission of the Agency or the Administrator of the Agency.’’; (4) by striking section 1905; (5) by redesignating sections 1902, 1903, 1904, 1906, and 1907 as sections 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, and 1927, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 1922, as added by paragraph (3); (6) in section 1923, as so redesignated— (A) in the section heading by striking ‘‘
MISSION OF OFFICE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RESPON -
SIBILITIES ’’; and (B) in subsection (a)(11), by striking ‘‘Do-mestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion Office’’; (7) in section 1925(a), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1923’’; (8) in section 1926, as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘section 1902(a)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 1923(a)’’; and (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’; and (9) in section 1927, as so redesignated— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Director of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary for the Coun-tering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 1902’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1923’’. (b) R
EFERENCES AND CONSTRUCTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Any reference in law, reg-ulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office shall be deemed to be a reference to the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice; and (B) the Director for Domestic Nuclear De-tection shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Sections 1923 through 1927 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by subsection (a), shall be construed to cover the chemical and biologi-cal responsibilities of the Assistant Sec-retary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office. (3) A
UTHORITY .—The authority of the Di-rector of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice to make grants is transferred to the As-sistant Secretary for the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction, and such authority shall be construed to include grants for all purposes of title XIX of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. (c) C
HIEF MEDICAL OFFICER .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Title V of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by striking section 516. (2) A
MENDMENT .—Title XIX of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer 
‘‘SEC. 1931. CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Depart-ment a Chief Medical Officer, who shall be appointed by the Secretary. The Chief Med-ical Officer shall report to the Assistant Sec-retary. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The individual ap-pointed as Chief Medical Officer shall be a li-censed physician possessing a demonstrated ability in and knowledge of medicine and public health. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Medical Officer shall have the responsibility within the Department for medical issues related to natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters including— ‘‘(1) serving as the principal advisor to the Secretary, the Assistant Secretary, and other Department officials on medical and public health issues; ‘‘(2) providing operational medical support to all components of the Department; ‘‘(3) as appropriate provide medical liai-sons to the components of the Department, on a reimbursable basis, to provide subject matter expertise on operational medical issues; ‘‘(4) coordinating with State, local, and tribal governments, the medical community, and others within and outside the Depart-ment, including the Department of Health and Human Services Centers for Disease Con-trol, with respect to medical and public health matters; and ‘‘(5) performing such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 516. (d) W
ORKFORCE HEALTH AND MEDICAL SUP-
PORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1115, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 714. WORKFORCE HEALTH AND MEDICAL SUPPORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management shall be responsible for work-force-focused health and medical activities of the Department. The Under Secretary for Management may further delegate these re-sponsibilities as appropriate. ‘‘(b) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Under Sec-retary for Management, in coordination with the Chief Medical Officer, shall— ‘‘(1) provide oversight and coordinate the medical and health activities of the Depart-ment for the human and animal personnel of the Department; ‘‘(2) establish medical, health, veterinary, and occupational health exposure policy, guidance, strategies, and initiatives for the human and animal personnel of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(3) as deemed appropriate by the Under Secretary, provide medical liaisons to the components of the Department, on a reim-bursable basis, to provide subject matter ex-pertise on occupational medical and public health issues; ‘‘(4) serve as the primary representative for the Department on agreements regarding the detail of Department of Health and Human Services Public Health Service Commis-sioned Corps Officers to the Department, ex-cept that components and offices of the De-partment shall retain authority for funding, determination of specific duties, and super-vision of Commissioned Corps officers de-tailed to a Department component; and ‘‘(5) perform such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (e) T
RANSFERS ; ABOLISHMENT .— (1) T
RANSFERS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall transfer— (A) to the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office all functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of— (i) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office, as in existence on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; and (ii) the Office of Health Affairs, as in exist-ence on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, other than the functions, per-sonnel, budget authority, and assets of such office necessary to perform the functions of section 714 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act; and (B) to the Directorate of Management all functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets of the Office of Health Affairs, as in existence on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act, that are necessary to perform the functions of section 714 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act. (2) A
BOLISHMENT .—Upon completion of all transfers pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office of the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of Health Affairs of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security are abolished; (B) the positions of Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs and Director for Domestic Nu-clear Detection are abolished. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) O
THER OFFICERS .—Section 103(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(d)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4). (2) N
ATIONAL BIOSURVEILLANCE INTEGRATION  
CENTER .—Section 316(a) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195b(a)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Secretary shall’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, shall’’. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .—Section 317(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Chief Medical Officer,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3786 June 12, 2018 
(4) F UNCTIONS TRANSFERRED .—Section 505(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 315(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); (B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4); and (C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (3)’’. (5) C
OORDINATION OF DEPARTMENT OF HOME -
LAND SECURITY EFFORTS RELATED TO FOOD , 
AGRICULTURE , AND VETERINARY DEFENSE  
AGAINST TERRORISM .—Section 528(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321q(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Health Af-fairs,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (g) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  C
HEMICAL , B IOLOGICAL , R ADIOLOGICAL , AND N
UCLEAR ACTIVITIES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and once every year thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide a briefing and report to the appropriate congressional committees (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101) on— (1) the organization and management of the chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, including research and development activities, and the location of each activity under the organizational struc-ture of the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office; (2) a comprehensive inventory of chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear activi-ties, including research and development ac-tivities, of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, highlighting areas of collaboration between components, coordination with other agencies, and the effectiveness and ac-complishments of consolidated chemical, bi-ological, radiological, and nuclear activities of the Department of Homeland Security, in-cluding research and development activities; (3) information relating to how the organi-zational structure of the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Office will enhance the development of chemical, biological, ra-diological, and nuclear priorities and capa-bilities across the Department of Homeland Security; (4) a discussion of any resulting cost sav-ings and efficiencies gained through activi-ties described in paragraphs (1) and (2); and (5) recommendations for any necessary statutory changes, or, if no statutory changes are necessary, an explanation of why no statutory or organizational changes are necessary. (h) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by subsection (b), is amended— (1) by inserting after the item relating to section 713 the following: ‘‘Sec. 714. Workforce health and medical support.’’; and (2) by striking the item relating to title XIX (including items relating to section 1901 through section 1907) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘TITLE XIX—COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION OFFICE ‘‘Sec. 1900. Definitions. ‘‘Subtitle A—Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office ‘‘Sec. 1901. Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office. ‘‘Subtitle B—Mission of the Office ‘‘Sec. 1921. Mission of the Office. ‘‘Sec. 1922. Relationship to other depart-ment entities and Federal agen-cies. ‘‘Sec. 1923. Responsibilities. ‘‘Sec. 1924. Hiring authority. ‘‘Sec. 1925. Testing authority. ‘‘Sec. 1926. Contracting and grant making authorities. ‘‘Sec. 1927. Joint annual interagency review of global nuclear detection ar-chitecture. ‘‘Subtitle C—Chief Medical Officer ‘‘Sec. 1931. Chief Medical Officer.’’. (i) SUNSET .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘sunset date’’ means the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) A
MENDMENTS .—Effective on the sunset date: (A) Title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.) is amended— (i) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ COUN- TERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUC-TION OFFICE’’ and inserting ‘‘DOMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE’’; (ii) by striking section 1900 and all that fol-lows through the end of section 1901 and in-serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1901. DOMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OF-FICE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There shall be estab-lished in the Department a Domestic Nuclear Detection Office (referred to in this title as the ‘Office’). The Secretary may request that the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, the Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, and the directors of other Federal agen-cies, including elements of the Intelligence Community, provide for the reimbursable de-tail of personnel with relevant expertise to the Office. ‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .—The Office shall be headed by a Director for Domestic Nuclear Detec-tion, who shall be appointed by the Presi-dent.’’; (iii) by redesignating sections 1923, 1924, 1925, 1926, and 1927 as sections 1902, 1903, 1904, 1906, and 1907, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 1901, as added by clause (ii); (iv) in section 1902, as so redesignated— (I) in the section heading by striking ‘‘
RE-
SPONSIBILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ MISSION OF OF -
FICE’’; and (II) in subsection (a)(11), by striking ‘‘Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Domestic Nuclear De-tection Office’’; (v) in section 1904(a), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 1923’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1902’’; (vi) by inserting after section 1904, as re-designated and transferred by clause (iii), the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1905. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER DEPART-MENT ENTITIES AND FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘The authority of the Director under this title shall not affect the authorities or re-sponsibilities of any officer of the Depart-ment or of any officer of any other depart-ment or agency of the United States with re-spect to the command, control, or direction of the functions, personnel, funds, assets, and liabilities of any entity within the De-partment or any Federal department or agency.’’; (vii) in section 1906, as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘section 1923(a)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 1902(a)’’; and (II) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice’’ and inserting ‘‘Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection’’; and (viii) in section 1907, as so redesignated— (I) in subsection (a)(1)(C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice’’; and (II) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 1923’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1902’’; and (ix) by striking the heading for subtitle B and all that follows through the end of sec-tion 1931. (B) Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by in-serting after section 515 the following: ‘‘SEC. 516. CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is in the Depart-ment a Chief Medical Officer, who shall be appointed by the President. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The individual ap-pointed as Chief Medical Officer shall possess a demonstrated ability in and knowledge of medicine and public health. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Chief Medical Officer shall have the primary responsibility within the Department for medical issues re-lated to natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters, including— ‘‘(1) serving as the principal advisor to the Secretary and the Administrator on medical and public health issues; ‘‘(2) coordinating the biodefense activities of the Department; ‘‘(3) ensuring internal and external coordi-nation of all medical preparedness and re-sponse activities of the Department, includ-ing training, exercises, and equipment sup-port; ‘‘(4) serving as the Department’s primary point of contact with the Department of Ag-riculture, the Department of Defense, the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Transportation, the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and other Fed-eral departments or agencies, on medical and public health issues; ‘‘(5) serving as the Department’s primary point of contact for State, local, and tribal governments, the medical community, and others within and outside the Department, with respect to medical and public health matters; ‘‘(6) discharging, in coordination with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, the responsibilities of the Department re-lated to Project Bioshield; and ‘‘(7) performing such other duties relating to such responsibilities as the Secretary may require.’’. (C) Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended by striking section 714. (D) Section 103(d) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(d)) is amended— (i) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) A Director for Domestic Nuclear De-tection.’’. (E) Section 316(a) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195b(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘, acting through the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office,’’. (F) Section 317(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 195c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Of-fice,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief Medical Offi-cer,’’. (G) Section 505(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 315(b)) is amended— (i) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); (ii) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) The Office of the Chief Medical Offi-cer.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3787 June 12, 2018 
(iii) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (4)’’. (H) Section 528(a) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321q(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Health Affairs,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion Office,’’. (I) The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended— (i) by inserting after the item relating to section 515 the following: ‘‘Sec. 516. Chief medical officer.’’; (ii) by striking the item relating to section 714; and (iii) by striking the item relating to title XIX (including items relating to section 1900 through section 1931) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘TITLE XIX—DOMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE ‘‘Sec. 1901. Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice. ‘‘Sec. 1902. Mission of Office. ‘‘Sec. 1903. Hiring authority. ‘‘Sec. 1904. Testing authority. ‘‘Sec. 1905. Relationship to other Depart-ment entities and Federal agen-cies. ‘‘Sec. 1906. Contracting and grant making authorities. ‘‘Sec. 1907. Joint annual interagency review of global nuclear detection ar-chitecture.’’. (3) T
HIS ACT .—Effective on the sunset date, subsections (a) through (h) of this section, and the amendments made by such sub-sections, shall have no force or effect. (4) T
RANSFERS ; ABOLISHMENT .— (A) T
RANSFERS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall transfer— (i) to the Domestic Nuclear Detection Of-fice, all functions, personnel, budget author-ity, and assets of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, as in existence on the day before the sunset date, except for the functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets that were transferred to the Coun-tering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office under subsection (e)(1)(A)(i); and (ii) to the Office of Health Affairs, the functions, personnel, budget authority, and assets that were transferred to the Coun-tering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office under subsection (e)(1)(A)(ii) or to the Direc-torate of Management under subsection (e)(1)(B). (B) A
BOLISHMENT .—Upon completion of all transfers pursuant to subparagraph (A)— (i) the Countering Weapons of Mass De-struction Office of the Department of Home-land Security is abolished; and (ii) the position of Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office is abolished. 
SEC. 1118. ACTIVITIES RELATED TO INTER-NATIONAL AGREEMENTS; ACTIVI-TIES RELATED TO CHILDREN. 
Section 708(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 1142 of this Act, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) enter into agreements with govern-ments of other countries, in consultation with the Secretary of State or the head of another agency, as appropriate, inter-national organizations, and international nongovernmental organizations in order to achieve the missions of the Department;’’; and (3) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘, including feedback from organi-zations representing the needs of children,’’ after ‘‘stakeholder feedback’’. SEC. 1119. CANINE DETECTION RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), as amended by section 1601 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 321. CANINE DETECTION RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In furtherance of domes-tic preparedness and response, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, and in consultation with other relevant executive agencies, rel-evant State, local, and tribal governments, and academic and industry stakeholders, shall, to the extent practicable, conduct re-search and development of canine detection technology to mitigate the risk of the threats of existing and emerging weapons of mass destruction. ‘‘(b) S
COPE.—The scope of the research and development under subsection (a) may in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) Canine-based sensing technologies. ‘‘(2) Chem-Bio defense technologies. ‘‘(3) New dimensions of olfaction biology. ‘‘(4) Novel chemical sensing technologies. ‘‘(5) Advances in metabolomics and volatilomics. ‘‘(6) Advances in gene therapy, phenomics, and molecular medicine. ‘‘(7) Reproductive science and technology. ‘‘(8) End user techniques, tactics, and pro-cedures. ‘‘(9) National security policies, standards and practices for canine sensing tech-nologies. ‘‘(10) Protective technology, medicine, and treatments for the canine detection plat-form. ‘‘(11) Domestic capacity and standards de-velopment. ‘‘(12) Emerging threat detection. ‘‘(13) Training aids. ‘‘(14) Genetic, behavioral, and physio-logical optimization of the canine detection platform. ‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION AND COLLABORATION .— The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, shall ensure research and development activities are conducted in coordination and collabora-tion with academia, all levels of government, and private sector stakeholders. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 320 the following: ‘‘Sec. 321. Canine detection research and de-velopment.’’. Subtitle B—Human Resources and Other Matters 
SEC. 1131. CHIEF HUMAN CAPITAL OFFICER RE-SPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 704 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 344) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and in line’’ and inserting ‘‘, in line’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and informed by success-ful practices within the Federal Government and the private sector,’’ after ‘‘priorities,’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘develop performance measures to provide a basis for monitoring and evaluating’’ and inserting ‘‘develop performance measures to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis,’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘includ-ing leader development and employee en-gagement programs,’’ before ‘‘in coordina-tion’’; (D) by redesignating paragraphs (9) and (10) as paragraphs (14) and (15), respectively; (E) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (8) as paragraphs (4) through (9), re-spectively; (F) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) assess the need of administrative and mission support staff across the Department, to identify and eliminate the unnecessary use of mission-critical staff for administra-tive and mission support positions;’’; (G) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘that is informed by appropriate workforce planning initiatives’’; and (H) by inserting after paragraph (9), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(10) maintain a catalogue of available em-ployee development opportunities easily ac-cessible to employees of the Department, in-cluding departmental leadership develop-ment programs, interagency development programs, and rotational programs; ‘‘(11) approve the selection and organiza-tional placement of each senior human cap-ital official of each component of the Depart-ment and participate in the periodic per-formance reviews of each such senior human capital official; ‘‘(12) assess the success of the Department and the components of the Department re-garding efforts to recruit and retain employ-ees in rural and remote areas, and make pol-icy recommendations as appropriate to the Secretary and to Congress; ‘‘(13) develop performance measures to monitor and evaluate on an ongoing basis any significant contracts issued by the De-partment or a component of the Department to a private entity regarding the recruit-ment, hiring, or retention of employees;’’. SEC. 1132. EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT AND RETEN-TION ACTION PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1117, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 715. EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT AND RETEN-TION ACTION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, and not later than September 30 of each fiscal year there-after, issue a Department-wide employee en-gagement and retention action plan to in-form and execute strategies for improving employee engagement, employee retention, Department management and leadership, di-versity and inclusion efforts, employee mo-rale, training and development opportuni-ties, and communications within the Depart-ment, which shall reflect— ‘‘(A) input from representatives from oper-ational components, headquarters, and field personnel, including supervisory and non-su-pervisory personnel, and employee labor or-ganizations that represent employees of the Department; ‘‘(B) employee feedback provided through annual employee surveys, questionnaires, and other communications; and ‘‘(C) performance measures, milestones, and objectives that reflect the priorities and strategies of the action plan to improve em-ployee engagement and retention; and ‘‘(2) require the head of each operational component of the Department to— ‘‘(A) develop and implement a component- specific employee engagement and retention plan to advance the action plan required under paragraph (1) that includes perform-ance measures and objectives, is informed by employee feedback provided through annual employee surveys, questionnaires, and other communications, as appropriate, and sets forth how employees and, if applicable, their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3788 June 12, 2018 
labor representatives are to be integrated in developing programs and initiatives; ‘‘(B) monitor progress on implementation of such action plan; and ‘‘(C) provide to the Chief Human Capital Officer quarterly reports on actions planned and progress made under this paragraph. ‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the ability of the departmental or component leadership from developing innovative ap-proaches and strategies to employee engage-ment or retention not specifically required under this section. ‘‘(c) R
EPEAL .—This section shall be re-pealed on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1117, is amended by in-serting after the item related to section 714 the following: ‘‘Sec. 715. Employee engagement and reten-tion plan.’’. (2) R
EPEAL .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall be repealed on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) S
UBMISSIONS TO CONGRESS .— (1) D
EPARTMENT -WIDE EMPLOYEE ENGAGE -
MENT ACTION PLAN .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and once 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate the Department-wide em-ployee engagement action plan required under section 715 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). (2) C
OMPONENT -SPECIFIC EMPLOYEE ENGAGE -
MENT PLANS .—Each head of a component of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate the compo-nent-specific employee engagement plan of each such component required under section 715(a)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a)) not later than 30 days after the issuance of each such plan under such section 715(a)(2). 
SEC. 1133. REPORT DISCUSSING SECRETARY’S RESPONSIBILITIES, PRIORITIES, AND AN ACCOUNTING OF THE DE-PARTMENT’S WORK REGARDING ELECTION INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall continue to prioritize the provision of assistance, as appropriate and on a voluntary basis, to State and local elec-tion officials in recognition of the impor-tance of election infrastructure to the United States. (b) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and once each year thereafter, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report detailing— (1) the responsibilities of the Secretary of Homeland Security for coordinating the election infrastructure critical infrastruc-ture subsector; (2) the priorities of the Secretary of Home-land Security for enhancing the security of election infrastructure over the next 1- and 5-year periods that incorporates lessons learned, best practices, and obstacles from the previous year; and (3) a summary of the election infrastruc-ture work of the Department with each State, unit of local government, and tribal and territorial government, as well as with the Government Coordinating Council and the Sector Coordinating Council, and inter-action with other Federal departments and agencies. (c) FORM OF REPORTS .—Each report sub-mitted under subsection (b) shall be unclas-sified, but may be accompanied by a classi-fied annex, if necessary. (d) I
NITIAL REPORT .—The first report sub-mitted under subsection (b) shall examine the period beginning on January 6, 2017 through the required reporting period. 
SEC. 1134. POLICY, GUIDANCE, TRAINING, AND COMMUNICATION REGARDING LAW ENFORCEMENT PERSONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct an inventory and assessment of training provided to all law enforcement personnel of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Department’’), including use of force training, and develop and imple-ment a strategic plan to— (1) enhance, modernize, and expand train-ing and continuing education for law en-forcement personnel; and (2) eliminate duplication and increase effi-ciencies in training and continuing edu-cation programs. (b) F
ACTORS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall take into account the follow factors: (1) The hours of training provided to law enforcement personnel and whether such hours should be increased. (2) The hours of continuing education pro-vided to law enforcement personnel, and whether such hours should be increased. (3) The quality of training and continuing education programs and whether the pro-grams are in line with current best practices and standards. (4) The use of technology for training and continuing education purposes, and whether such technology should be modernized and expanded. (5) Reviews of training and education pro-grams by law enforcement personnel, and whether such programs maximize their abil-ity to carry out the mission of their compo-nents and meet the highest standards of pro-fessionalism and integrity. (6) Whether there is duplicative or overlap-ping training and continuing education pro-grams, and whether such programs can be streamlined to reduce costs and increase effi-ciencies. (c) I
NPUT .—The Secretary shall work with relevant components of the Department to take into account feedback provided by law enforcement personnel (including non-supervisory personnel and employee labor or-ganizations), community stakeholders, the Office of Science and Technology, and the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties in carrying out the assessment of, and devel-oping and implementing the strategic plan with respect to, training and continuing edu-cation programs under subsection (a). (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives an evaluation of the assessment of, and the development and implementation of the strategic plan with respect to, train-ing and continuing education programs under subsection (a). (e) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that evaluates the as-sessment of, and the development and imple-mentation of the strategic plan with respect to, training and continuing education pro-grams under subsection (a). (f) TIMELY GUIDANCE , COMMUNICATIONS , AND T
RAINING REGARDING POLICY CHANGES AF-
FECTING THE CONDUCT OF LAWENFORCEMENT  
ANDENGAGEMENT WITHMEMBERS OF THE PUB-
LIC.— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘covered order’’ means any executive order, guidance, directive, or memorandum that changes policies regarding the conduct of law enforcement or engagement with members of the public by law enforcement personnel. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with the head of each affected law enforcement component of the Department and in consultation with career executives in each affected component, shall— (A) as expeditiously as possible, and not later than 45 days following the effective date of any covered order— (i) publish written documents detailing plans for the implementation of the covered order; (ii) develop and implement a strategy to communicate clearly with all law enforce-ment personnel actively engaged in core law enforcement activities, both in supervisory and nonsupervisory positions, and to provide prompt responses to questions and concerns raised by such personnel, about the covered order; and (iii) develop and implement a detailed plan to ensure that all law enforcement personnel actively engaged in core law enforcement ac-tivities are sufficiently and appropriately trained on any new policies regarding the conduct of law enforcement or engagement with members of the public resulting from the covered order; and (B) submit to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report— (i) not later than 30 days after the effective date of any covered order, that explains and provides a plan to remedy any delay in tak-ing action under subparagraph (A); and (ii) not later than 60 days after the effec-tive date of any covered order, that describes the actions taken by the Secretary under subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 1135. HACK DHS BUG BOUNTY PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
UG BOUNTY PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘bug bounty program’’ means a program under which an approved individual, organization, or company is temporarily authorized to identify and report vulnerabilities of Inter-net-facing information technology of the De-partment in exchange for compensation. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (3) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given the term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. (4) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘pilot pro-gram’’ means the bug bounty pilot program required to be established under subsection (b)(1). (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3789 June 12, 2018 
(b) E STABLISHMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish, within the Office of the Chief Information Officer, a bug boun-ty pilot program to minimize vulnerabilities of Internet-facing information technology of the Department. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In establishing the pilot program, the Secretary shall— (A) provide compensation for reports of previously unidentified security vulnerabilities within the websites, applica-tions, and other Internet-facing information technology of the Department that are ac-cessible to the public; (B) award a competitive contract to an en-tity, as necessary, to manage the pilot pro-gram and for executing the remediation of vulnerabilities identified as a consequence of the pilot program; (C) designate mission-critical operations within the Department that should be ex-cluded from the pilot program; (D) consult with the Attorney General on how to ensure that approved individuals, or-ganizations, or companies that comply with the requirements of the pilot program are protected from prosecution under section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, and simi-lar provisions of law for specific activities authorized under the pilot program; (E) consult with the relevant offices at the Department of Defense that were responsible for launching the 2016 ‘‘Hack the Pentagon’’ pilot program and subsequent Department of Defense bug bounty programs; (F) develop an expeditious process by which an approved individual, organization, or company can register with the entity de-scribed in subparagraph (B), submit to a background check as determined by the De-partment, and receive a determination as to eligibility for participation in the pilot pro-gram; and (G) engage qualified interested persons, in-cluding non-government sector representa-tives, about the structure of the pilot pro-gram as constructive and to the extent prac-ticable. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the pilot program is com-pleted, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program, which shall include— (1) the number of approved individuals, or-ganizations, or companies involved in the pilot program, broken down by the number of approved individuals, organizations, or companies that— (A) registered; (B) were approved; (C) submitted security vulnerabilities; and (D) received compensation; (2) the number and severity of vulnerabilities reported as part of the pilot program; (3) the number of previously unidentified security vulnerabilities remediated as a re-sult of the pilot program; (4) the current number of outstanding pre-viously unidentified security vulnerabilities and Department remediation plans; (5) the average length of time between the reporting of security vulnerabilities and re-mediation of the vulnerabilities; (6) the types of compensation provided under the pilot program; and (7) the lessons learned from the pilot pro-gram. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department $250,000 for fiscal year 2018 to carry out this section. SEC. 1136. COST SAVINGS ENHANCEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) A
MENDMENT .—Subchapter II of chapter 45 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 4512 the following: ‘‘§ 4512A. Department of Homeland Security awards for cost savings disclosures ‘‘(a) In this section, the term ‘surplus oper-ations and support funds’ means amounts made available for the operations and sup-port account, or equivalent account, of the Department of Homeland Security, or a com-ponent thereof— ‘‘(1) that are identified by an employee of the Department of Homeland Security under subsection (b) as unnecessary; ‘‘(2) that the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security determines are not required for the purpose for which the amounts were made available; ‘‘(3) that the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security deter-mines are not required for the purpose for which the amounts were made available; and ‘‘(4) the rescission of which would not be detrimental to the full execution of the pur-poses for which the amounts were made available. ‘‘(b) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security may pay a cash award to any employee of the Department of Homeland Security whose disclosure of fraud, waste, or mismanagement or identi-fication of surplus operations and support funds to the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security has resulted in cost savings for the Department of Homeland Security. The amount of an award under this section may not exceed the lesser of— ‘‘(1) $10,000; or ‘‘(2) an amount equal to 1 percent of the Department of Homeland Security’s cost savings which the Inspector General deter-mines to be the total savings attributable to the employee’s disclosure or identification. For purposes of paragraph (2), the Inspector General may take into account Department of Homeland Security cost savings projected for subsequent fiscal years which will be at-tributable to such disclosure or identifica-tion. ‘‘(c)(1) The Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall refer to the Chief Financial Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security any potential surplus operations and support funds identi-fied by an employee that the Inspector Gen-eral determines meets the requirements under paragraphs (2) and (4) of subsection (a), along with any recommendations of the In-spector General. ‘‘(2)(A) If the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security deter-mines that potential surplus operations and support funds referred under paragraph (1) meet the requirements under subsection (a), except as provided in subsection (d), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall transfer the amount of the surplus operations and support funds from the applicable appropria-tions account to the general fund of the Treasury. ‘‘(B) Any amounts transferred under sub-paragraph (A) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction, ex-cept that in the case of a fiscal year for which there is no Federal budget deficit, such amounts shall be used to reduce the Federal debt (in such manner as the Sec-retary of the Treasury considers appro-priate). ‘‘(3) The Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and the Chief Fi-nancial Officer of the Department of Home-land Security shall issue standards and defi-nitions for purposes of making determina-tions relating to potential surplus operations and support funds identified by an employee under this subsection. ‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity may retain not more than 10 percent of amounts to be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury under subsection (c)(2). ‘‘(2) Amounts retained by the Secretary of Homeland Security under paragraph (1) may be— ‘‘(A) used for the purpose of paying a cash award under subsection (b) to one or more employees who identified the surplus oper-ations and support funds; and ‘‘(B) to the extent amounts remain after paying cash awards under subsection (b), transferred or reprogrammed for use by the Department of Homeland Security, in ac-cordance with any limitation on such a transfer or reprogramming under any other provision of law. ‘‘(e)(1) Not later than October 1 of each fis-cal year, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Secretary of the Treasury a report identifying the total sav-ings achieved during the previous fiscal year through disclosures of possible fraud, waste, or mismanagement and identifications of surplus operations and support funds by an employee. ‘‘(2) Not later than September 30 of each fiscal year, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Secretary of the Treasury a report that, for the previous fis-cal year— ‘‘(A) describes each disclosure of possible fraud, waste, or mismanagement or identi-fication of potentially surplus operations and support funds by an employee of the De-partment of Homeland Security determined by the Department of Homeland Security to have merit; and ‘‘(B) provides the number and amount of cash awards by the Department of Homeland Security under subsection (b). ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall include the information described in paragraphs (1) and (2) in each budget request of the Department of Homeland Security submitted to the Office of Management and Budget as part of the preparation of the budget of the President submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31. ‘‘(4) The Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives, and the Government Accountability Office an an-nual report on Federal cost saving and awards based on the reports submitted under paragraphs (1) and (2). ‘‘(f) The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that the cash award program of the Department of Homeland Security com-plies with this section; and ‘‘(2) submit to Congress an annual certifi-cation indicating whether the cash award program of the Department of Homeland Se-curity complies with this section. ‘‘(g) Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this section, and every 3 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port on the operation of the cost savings and awards program under this section, including any recommendations for legislative changes.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 45 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 4512 the following: ‘‘4512A. Department of Homeland Security awards for cost savings disclo-sures.’’. (3) S
UNSET .—Effective 6 years after the date of enactment of this Act, subchapter II 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3790 June 12, 2018 
of chapter 45 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking section 4512A; and (B) in the table of sections, by striking the item relating to section 4512A. (b) O
FFICERS ELIGIBLE FOR CASHAWARDS .— Section 4509 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a)’’ before ‘‘No officer’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) The Secretary of Homeland Security may not receive a cash award under this sub-chapter.’’. 
SEC. 1137. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) C YBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), as amended by section 1119 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 322. CYBERSECURITY RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall support the re-search, development, testing, evaluation, and transition of cybersecurity technologies, including fundamental research to improve the sharing of information, information se-curity, analytics, and methodologies related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, con-sistent with current law. ‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The research and devel-opment supported under subsection (a) shall serve the components of the Department and shall— ‘‘(1) advance the development and accel-erate the deployment of more secure infor-mation systems; ‘‘(2) improve and create technologies for detecting and preventing attacks or intru-sions, including real-time continuous diagnostics, real-time analytic technologies, and full life cycle information protection; ‘‘(3) improve and create mitigation and re-covery methodologies, including techniques and policies for real-time containment of at-tacks and development of resilient networks and information systems; ‘‘(4) assist the development and support in-frastructure and tools to support cybersecu-rity research and development efforts, in-cluding modeling, testbeds, and data sets for assessment of new cybersecurity tech-nologies; ‘‘(5) assist the development and support of technologies to reduce vulnerabilities in in-dustrial control systems; ‘‘(6) assist the development and support cyber forensics and attack attribution capa-bilities; ‘‘(7) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of full information life cycle security technologies to enhance protection, control, and privacy of information to detect and prevent cybersecurity risks and inci-dents; ‘‘(8) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of information security measures, in addition to perimeter-based protections; ‘‘(9) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of technologies to detect im-proper information access by authorized users; ‘‘(10) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of cryptographic tech-nologies to protect information at rest, in transit, and in use; ‘‘(11) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of methods to promote greater software assurance; ‘‘(12) assist the development and accelerate the deployment of tools to securely and automatically update software and firmware in use, with limited or no necessary inter-vention by users and limited impact on con-currently operating systems and processes; and ‘‘(13) assist in identifying and addressing unidentified or future cybersecurity threats. ‘‘(c) COORDINATION .—In carrying out this section, the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall coordinate activities with— ‘‘(1) the Director of Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security; ‘‘(2) the heads of other relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, as appropriate; and ‘‘(3) industry and academia. ‘‘(d) T
RANSITION TO PRACTICE .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall— ‘‘(1) support projects carried out under this title through the full life cycle of such projects, including research, development, testing, evaluation, pilots, and transitions; ‘‘(2) identify mature technologies that ad-dress existing or imminent cybersecurity gaps in public or private information sys-tems and networks of information systems, protect sensitive information within and outside networks of information systems, identify and support necessary improve-ments identified during pilot programs and testing and evaluation activities, and intro-duce new cybersecurity technologies throughout the homeland security enterprise through partnerships and commercialization; and ‘‘(3) target federally funded cybersecurity research that demonstrates a high prob-ability of successful transition to the com-mercial market within 2 years and that is expected to have a notable impact on the public or private information systems and networks of information systems. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
YBERSECURITY RISK .—The term ‘cy-bersecurity risk’ has the meaning given the term in section 2209. ‘‘(2) H
OMELAND SECURITY ENTERPRISE .—The term ‘homeland security enterprise’ means relevant governmental and nongovernmental entities involved in homeland security, in-cluding Federal, State, local, and tribal gov-ernment officials, private sector representa-tives, academics, and other policy experts. ‘‘(3) I
NCIDENT .—The term ‘incident’ has the meaning given the term in section 2209. ‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘in-formation system’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. ‘‘(5) S
OFTWARE ASSURANCE .—The term ‘soft-ware assurance’ means confidence that soft-ware— ‘‘(A) is free from vulnerabilities, either in-tentionally designed into the software or ac-cidentally inserted at any time during the life cycle of the software; and ‘‘(B) functioning in the intended manner.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 321 the following: ‘‘Sec. 322. Cybersecurity research and devel-opment.’’. (b) R
ESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  P
ROJECTS .—Section 831 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘under section 845 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160). In applying the authorities of that section 845, subsection (c) of that section shall apply with respect to prototype projects under this paragraph, and the Sec-retary shall perform the functions of the Secretary of Defense under subsection (d) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, and the Sec-retary shall perform the functions of the Secretary of Defense as prescribed.’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) REPORT .—The Secretary shall annu-ally submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report detailing the projects for which the authority granted by subsection (a) was utilized, the rationale for such utili-zations, the funds spent utilizing such au-thority, the extent of cost-sharing for such projects among Federal and non-Federal sources, the extent to which utilization of such authority has addressed a homeland se-curity capability gap or threat to the home-land identified by the Department, the total amount of payments, if any, that were re-ceived by the Federal Government as a re-sult of the utilization of such authority dur-ing the period covered by each such report, the outcome of each project for which such authority was utilized, and the results of any audits of such projects.’’; (3) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘as de-fined in section 845(e) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2371 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘as defined in section 2371b(e) of title 10, United States Code.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
RAINING .—The Secretary shall de-velop a training program for acquisitions staff on the utilization of the authority pro-vided under subsection (a) to ensure account-ability and effective management of projects consistent with the Program Management Improvement Accountability Act (Public Law 114–264; 130 Stat. 1371) and the amend-ments made by such Act.’’. (c) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this section and the amendments made by this section. Such re-quirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
SEC. 1138. CYBERSECURITY TALENT EXCHANGE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘congressional homeland secu-rity committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (2) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (3) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (b) C
YBERSECURITY TALENT EXCHANGE  P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall commence carrying out a cyber-security talent exchange pilot program. (2) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary may dele-gate any authority under this section to the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency of the Department. (c) A
PPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary for the purpose of carrying out the pilot program established under subsection (b), the Secretary may, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3791 June 12, 2018 
with the agreement of a private-sector orga-nization and the consent of the employee, ar-range for the temporary assignment of an employee to the private-sector organization, or from the private-sector organization to a Department organization under this section. (2) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYEES .—Employees par-ticipating in the pilot program established under subsection (b) shall have significant education, skills, or experience relating to cybersecurity. (3) A
GREEMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for a written agreement among the De-partment, the private-sector organization, and the employee concerned regarding the terms and conditions of the assignment of the employee under this section, which— (i) shall require that the employee of the Department, upon completion of the assign-ment, will serve in the Department, or else-where in the civil service if approved by the Secretary, for a period equal to twice the length of the assignment; (ii) shall provide that if the employee of the Department or of the private-sector or-ganization, as the case may be, fails to carry out the agreement, the employee shall be liable to the United States for payment of all expenses of the assignment, unless that fail-ure was for good and sufficient reason, as de-termined by the Secretary; (iii) shall contain language ensuring that the employee of the Department does not im-properly use pre-decisional or draft delibera-tive information that the employee may be privy to or aware of related to Department programing, budgeting, resourcing, acquisi-tion, or procurement for the benefit or ad-vantage of the private-sector organization; and (iv) shall cover matters relating to con-fidentiality, intellectual property rights, and such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (B) L
IABILITY .—An amount for which an employee is liable under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be treated as a debt due the United States. (C) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive, in whole or in part, collection of a debt de-scribed in subparagraph (B) based on a deter-mination that the collection would be against equity and good conscience and not in the best interests of the United States, after taking into account any indication of fraud, misrepresentation, fault, or lack of good faith on the part of the employee. (4) T
ERMINATION .—An assignment under this subsection may, at any time and for any reason, be terminated by the Department or the private-sector organization concerned. (5) D
URATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an assignment under this subsection shall be for a period of not less than 3 months and not more than 2 years, and renewable up to a total of 4 years. (B) E
XCEPTION .—An assignment under this subsection may be for a period in excess of 2 years, but not more than 4 years, if the Sec-retary determines that the assignment is necessary to meet critical mission or pro-gram requirements. (C) L
IMITATION .—No employee of the De-partment may be assigned under this sub-section for more than a total of 4 years in-clusive of all assignments. (6) S
TATUS OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEES AS -
SIGNED TO PRIVATE -SECTOR ORGANIZATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An employee of the De-partment who is assigned to a private-sector organization under this subsection shall be considered, during the period of assignment, to be on detail to a regular work assignment in the Department for all purposes. (B) W
RITTEN AGREEMENT .—The written agreement established under paragraph (3) shall address the specific terms and condi-tions related to the continued status of the employee as a Federal employee. (C) CERTIFICATION .—In establishing a tem-porary assignment of an employee of the De-partment to a private-sector organization, the Secretary shall— (i) ensure that the normal duties and func-tions of the employee can be reasonably per-formed by other employees of the Depart-ment without the transfer or reassignment of other personnel of the Department; and (ii) certify that the temporary assignment of the employee shall not have an adverse or negative impact on organizational capabili-ties associated with the assignment. (7) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PRIVATE -SEC-
TOR EMPLOYEES .—An employee of a private- sector organization who is assigned to a De-partment organization under this sub-section— (A) shall continue to receive pay and bene-fits from the private-sector organization from which the employee is assigned and shall not receive pay or benefits from the De-partment, except as provided in subpara-graph (B); (B) is deemed to be an employee of the De-partment for the purposes of— (i) chapters 73 and 81 of title 5, United States Code; (ii) sections 201, 203, 205, 207, 208, 209, 603, 606, 607, 643, 654, 1905, and 1913 of title 18, United States Code; (iii) sections 1343, 1344, and 1349(b) of title 31, United States Code; (iv) chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Federal Tort Claims Act’’) and any other Federal tort li-ability statute; (v) the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.); and (vi) chapter 21 of title 41, United States Code; (C) shall not have access to any trade se-crets or to any other nonpublic information which is of commercial value to the private- sector organization from which the employee is assigned; (D) may perform work that is considered inherently governmental in nature only when requested in writing by the Secretary; and (E) may not be used to circumvent any limitation or restriction on the size of the workforce of the Department. (8) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST CHARGING CERTAIN  
COSTS TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—A pri- vate-sector organization may not charge the Department or any other agency of the Fed-eral Government, as direct or indirect costs under a Federal contract, the costs of pay or benefits paid by the organization to an em-ployee assigned to a Department organiza-tion under this subsection for the period of the assignment. (9) E
XPENSES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pay for travel and other work-related expenses associated with individuals participating in the pilot program established under sub-section (b). The Secretary shall not pay for lodging or per diem expenses for employees of a private sector organization, unless such expenses are in furtherance of work-related travel other than participating in the pilot program. (B) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATION .—A private person supporting an individual partici-pating in the pilot program may pay for a background investigation associated with the participation of the individual in the pilot program. (10) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .— Not more than 250 individuals may concur-rently participate in the pilot program es-tablished under subsection (b). (d) DETAILING OF PARTICIPANTS .—With the consent of an individual participating in the pilot program established under subsection (b), the Secretary may, under the pilot pro-gram, detail the individual to another Fed-eral department or agency. (e) S
UNSET .—The pilot program established under subsection (b) shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) P
RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional homeland security committees a preliminary report describing the implemen-tation of the pilot program established under subsection (b), including the number of par-ticipating employees from the Department and from private sector organizations, the departmental missions or programs carried out by employees participating in the pilot program, and recommendations to maximize efficiencies and the effectiveness of the pilot program in order to support Department cy-bersecurity missions and objectives. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 6 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a final report describing the implementation of the pilot program established under subsection (b), in-cluding the number of participating employ-ees from the Department and from private sector organizations, the departmental mis-sions or programs carried out by employees participating in the pilot program, and pro-viding a recommendation on whether the pilot program should be made permanent. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 1141. PROTECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTI-FIABLE INFORMATION. 
Paragraph (2) of section 431(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1431(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2)(A) The information listed in paragraph (1) shall not be available for public disclo-sure if— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of the Treasury makes an affirmative finding on a shipment-by- shipment basis that disclosure is likely to pose a threat of personal injury or property damage; or ‘‘(ii) the information is exempt under the provisions of section 552(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall ensure that any personally identifiable information, includ-ing social security numbers, passport num-bers, and residential addresses, is removed from any manifest signed, produced, deliv-ered, or transmitted under this section be-fore the manifest is disclosed to the public.’’. 
SEC. 1142. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF DIRECTOR OF SHARED SERV-
ICES AND OFFICE OF COUNTERNARCOTICS EN-
FORCEMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND  S
ECURITY .— (1) A
BOLISHMENT OF DIRECTOR OF SHARED  
SERVICES .— (A) A
BOLISHMENT .—The position of Direc-tor of Shared Services of the Department of Homeland Security is abolished. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by striking section 475 (6 U.S.C. 295). (C) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 475. (2) A
BOLISHMENT OF THE OFFICE OF COUNTER -
NARCOTICS ENFORCEMENT .— (A) A
BOLISHMENT .—The Office of Counter-narcotics Enforcement is abolished. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3792 June 12, 2018 
(B) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B) of section 843(b)(1) (6 U.S.C. 413(b)(1)), by striking ‘‘by—’’ and all that follows through the end of that subpara-graph and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary; and’’; and (ii) by striking section 878 (6 U.S.C. 458). (C) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 878. (b) O
THER TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING  A
MENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE I .—Section 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), as amend-ed by this Act, is further amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(E), by striking ‘‘the Bureau of’’ and inserting ‘‘United States’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(4), as redesignated by section 1117(f), by striking ‘‘section 708’’ and inserting ‘‘section 707’’. (2) T
ITLE VII .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is amended— (A) in subsection (c) of section 702 (6 U.S.C. 342), as redesignated by section 1103, strike paragraph (4); (B) by striking section 706 (6 U.S.C. 346); (C) by redesignating sections 707, 708, and 709 as sections 706, 707, and 708, respectively; and (D) in section 708(c)(3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 707’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 706’’. (3) T
ITLE VIII .—Title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 361 et seq.) is amended— (A) by striking section 857 (6 U.S.C. 427); (B) by redesignating section 858 as section 857; and (C) by striking section 881 (6 U.S.C. 461). (4) T
ITLE XVI .—Section 1611(d)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 563(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 707’’ and inserting ‘‘section 706’’. (5) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended— (A) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 706 through 709 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 706. Quadrennial homeland security review. ‘‘Sec. 707. Joint task forces. ‘‘Sec. 708. Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans.’’; (B) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 857 and 858 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 857. Identification of new entrants into the Federal marketplace.’’; and (C) by striking the item relating to section 881. TITLE II—DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY ACQUISITION ACCOUNT-ABILITY AND EFFICIENCY 
SEC. 1201. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (14) through (20) as paragraphs (28) through (34), respectively; (2) by redesignating paragraph (13) as para-graph (26); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (12) as paragraphs (21) through (24), respec-tively; (4) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (8) as paragraphs (15) through (19), respec-tively; (5) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (7), (8), and (9), respec-tively; (6) by inserting before paragraph (7), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) The term ‘acquisition’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 131 of title 41, United States Code. ‘‘(2) The term ‘acquisition decision author-ity’ means the authority held by the Sec-retary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management, to— ‘‘(A) ensure compliance with Federal law, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and De-partment acquisition management direc-tives; ‘‘(B) review, including approving, pausing, modifying, or canceling, an acquisition throughout the life cycle of the acquisition; ‘‘(C) ensure that acquisition program man-agers have the resources necessary to suc-cessfully execute an approved acquisition program; ‘‘(D) ensure good acquisition program man-agement of cost, schedule, risk, and system performance of the acquisition program at issue, including assessing acquisition pro-gram baseline breaches and directing any corrective action for those breaches; and ‘‘(E) ensure that acquisition program man-agers, on an ongoing basis, monitor cost, schedule, and performance against estab-lished baselines and use tools to assess risks to an acquisition program at all phases of the life cycle of the acquisition program to avoid and mitigate acquisition program baseline breaches. ‘‘(3) The term ‘acquisition decision event’ means, with respect to an acquisition pro-gram, a predetermined point within each of the acquisition phases at which the person exercising the acquisition decision authority determines whether the acquisition program shall proceed to the next phase. ‘‘(4) The term ‘acquisition decision memo-randum’ means, with respect to an acquisi-tion, the official acquisition decision event record that includes a documented record of decisions and assigned actions for the acqui-sition, as determined by the person exer-cising acquisition decision authority for the acquisition. ‘‘(5) The term ‘acquisition program’ means the totality of activities directed to accom-plish specific goals and objectives, which may— ‘‘(A) provide new or improved capabilities in response to approved requirements or sus-tain existing capabilities; and ‘‘(B) have multiple projects to obtain spe-cific capability requirements or capital as-sets. ‘‘(6) The term ‘acquisition program base-line’, with respect to an acquisition program, means a summary of the cost, schedule, and performance parameters, expressed in stand-ard, measurable, quantitative terms, which must be met in order to accomplish the goals of the program.’’; (7) by inserting after paragraph (9), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(10) The term ‘best practices’, with re-spect to acquisition, means a knowledge- based approach to capability development that includes, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) identifying and validating needs; ‘‘(B) assessing alternatives to select the most appropriate solution; ‘‘(C) establishing requirements; ‘‘(D) developing cost estimates and sched-ules that consider the work necessary to de-velop, plan, support, and install a program or solution; ‘‘(E) identifying sources of funding that match resources to requirements; ‘‘(F) demonstrating technology, design, and manufacturing maturity; ‘‘(G) using milestones and exit criteria or specific accomplishments that demonstrate progress; ‘‘(H) adopting and executing standardized processes with known success across pro-grams; ‘‘(I) ensuring an adequate, well-trained, and diverse workforce that is qualified and sufficient in number to perform necessary functions; ‘‘(J) developing innovative, effective, and efficient processes and strategies; ‘‘(K) integrating risk management and mitigation techniques for national security considerations; and ‘‘(L) integrating the capabilities described in subparagraphs (A) through (K) into the mission and business operations of the De-partment. ‘‘(11) The term ‘breach’ means a failure to meet any cost, schedule, or performance threshold specified in the most recently ap-proved acquisition program baseline. ‘‘(12) The term ‘congressional homeland se-curity committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate. ‘‘(13) The term ‘Component Acquisition Ex-ecutive’ means the senior acquisition official within a component who is designated in writing by the Under Secretary for Manage-ment, in consultation with the component head, with authority and responsibility for leading a process and staff to provide acqui-sition and program management oversight, policy, and guidance to ensure that statu-tory, regulatory, and higher level policy re-quirements are fulfilled, including compli-ance with Federal law, the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation, and Department acquisition management directives established by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(14) The term ‘cost-type contract’ means a contract that— ‘‘(A) provides for payment of allowable in-curred costs, to the extent prescribed in the contract; and ‘‘(B) establishes an estimate of total cost for the purpose of obligating funds and estab-lishing a ceiling that the contractor may not exceed, except at the risk of the contractor, without the approval of the contracting offi-cer.’’; (8) by inserting after paragraph (19), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(20) The term ‘fixed-price contract’ means a contract that provides for a firm price or, in appropriate cases, an adjustable price.’’; (9) by inserting after paragraph (24), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(25) The term ‘life cycle cost’ means the total cost of an acquisition, including all rel-evant costs related to acquiring, owning, op-erating, maintaining, and disposing of the system, project, service, or product over a specified period of time.’’; and (10) by inserting after paragraph (26), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(27) The term ‘major acquisition program’ means a Department acquisition program that is estimated by the Secretary or a des-ignee of the Secretary to require an eventual total expenditure of not less than $300,000,000 (based on fiscal year 2017 constant dollars) over the life cycle cost of the program.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Paragraph (14) of section 501 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311), as amended by section 1451, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2(13)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2(26)(B)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3793 June 12, 2018 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Authorities 
SEC. 1211. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR UNDER SECRETARY FOR MANAGE-MENT OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting ‘‘and acquisition management’’ after ‘‘Procure-ment’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (d), the first subsection (e) (relating to the system for award management consultation), and the second subsection (e) (relating to the def-inition of interoperable communications) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) A
CQUISITION AND RELATED RESPON -
SIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a) of section 1702 of title 41, United States Code, the Under Secretary for Man-agement— ‘‘(A) is the Chief Acquisition Officer of the Department; ‘‘(B) shall have the authorities and perform the functions specified in subsection (b) of such section; and ‘‘(C) shall perform all other functions and responsibilities delegated by the Secretary or described in this subsection. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—In addition to the authorities and functions specified in section 1702(b) of title 41, United States Code, the functions and responsibil-ities of the Under Secretary for Management related to acquisition include the following: ‘‘(A) Advising the Secretary regarding ac-quisition management activities, taking into account risks of failure to achieve cost, schedule, or performance parameters, to en-sure that the Department achieves the mis-sion of the Department through the adoption of widely accepted program management best practices and standards and, where ap-propriate, acquisition innovation best prac-tices. ‘‘(B) Leading the acquisition oversight body of the Department, the Acquisition Re-view Board, and exercising the acquisition decision authority to approve, pause, modify, including the rescission of approvals of pro-gram milestones, or cancel major acquisition programs, unless the Under Secretary dele-gates that authority to a Component Acqui-sition Executive pursuant to paragraph (3). ‘‘(C) Establishing policies for acquisition that implement an approach that takes into account risks of failure to achieve cost, schedule, or performance parameters that all components of the Department shall comply with, including outlining relevant authori-ties for program managers to effectively manage acquisition programs. ‘‘(D) Ensuring that each major acquisition program has a Department-approved acquisi-tion program baseline pursuant to the acqui-sition management policy of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(E) Ensuring that the heads of compo-nents and Component Acquisition Executives comply with Federal law, the Federal Acqui-sition Regulation, and Department acquisi-tion management directives. ‘‘(F) Providing additional scrutiny and oversight for an acquisition that is not a major acquisition if— ‘‘(i) the acquisition is for a program that is important to departmental strategic and performance plans; ‘‘(ii) the acquisition is for a program with significant program or policy implications; and ‘‘(iii) the Secretary determines that the scrutiny and oversight for the acquisition is proper and necessary. ‘‘(G) Ensuring that grants and financial as-sistance are provided only to individuals and organizations that are not suspended or debarred. ‘‘(H) Distributing guidance throughout the Department to ensure that contractors in-volved in acquisitions, particularly contrac-tors that access the information systems and technologies of the Department, adhere to relevant Department policies related to physical and information security as identi-fied by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(I) Overseeing the Component Acquisition Executive organizational structure to ensure Component Acquisition Executives have suf-ficient capabilities and comply with Depart-ment acquisition policies. ‘‘(J) Ensuring acquisition decision memo-randa adequately document decisions made at acquisition decision events, including the rationale for decisions made to allow pro-grams to deviate from the requirement to obtain approval by the Department for cer-tain documents at acquisition decision events. ‘‘(3) DELEGATION OF ACQUISITION DECISION  
AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) L
EVEL 3 ACQUISITIONS .—The Under Secretary for Management may delegate ac-quisition decision authority in writing to the relevant Component Acquisition Executive for an acquisition program that has a life cycle cost estimate of less than $300,000,000. ‘‘(B) L
EVEL 2 ACQUISITIONS .—The Under Secretary for Management may delegate ac-quisition decision authority in writing to the relevant Component Acquisition Executive for a major acquisition program that has a life cycle cost estimate of not less than $300,000,000 but not more than $1,000,000,000 if all of the following requirements are met: ‘‘(i) The component concerned possesses working policies, processes, and procedures that are consistent with Department-level acquisition policy. ‘‘(ii) The Component Acquisition Executive concerned has a well-trained and experienced workforce, commensurate with the size of the acquisition program and related activi-ties delegated to the Component Acquisition Executive by the Under Secretary for Man-agement. ‘‘(iii) Each major acquisition concerned has written documentation showing that the acquisition has a Department-approved ac-quisition program baseline and the acquisi-tion is meeting agreed-upon cost, schedule, and performance thresholds. ‘‘(4) R
ELATIONSHIP TO UNDER SECRETARY  
FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this sub-section shall diminish the authority granted to the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology under this Act. The Under Secretary for Management and the Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall cooperate in matters related to the coordination of acqui-sitions across the Department so that invest-ments of the Directorate of Science and Technology are able to support current and future requirements of the components of the Department. ‘‘(B) T
ESTING AND EVALUATION ACQUISITION  
SUPPORT .—The Under Secretary for Science and Technology shall— ‘‘(i) ensure, in coordination with relevant component heads, that all relevant acquisi-tion programs— ‘‘(I) complete reviews of operational re-quirements to ensure the requirements are measurable, testable, and achievable within the constraints of cost and schedule; ‘‘(II) integrate applicable standards into development specifications; ‘‘(III) complete systems engineering re-views and technical assessments during de-velopment to inform production and deploy-ment decisions; ‘‘(IV) complete independent testing and evaluation of technologies and systems; ‘‘(V) use independent verification and vali-dation of operational testing and evaluation implementation and results; and ‘‘(VI) document whether such programs meet all performance requirements included in their acquisition program baselines; ‘‘(ii) ensure that such operational testing and evaluation includes all system compo-nents and incorporates operators into the testing to ensure that systems perform as in-tended in the appropriate operational set-ting; and ‘‘(iii) determine if testing conducted by other Federal agencies and private entities is relevant and sufficient in determining whether systems perform as intended in the operational setting.’’. SEC. 1212. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY. 
Section 702(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 342(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Chief’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) F
UNCTIONS .—The Chief’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITIES .—The Chief Financial Officer, in coordination with the Under Secretary for Management, shall over-see the costs of acquisition programs and re-lated activities to ensure that actual and planned costs are in accordance with budget estimates and are affordable, or can be ade-quately funded, over the life cycle of such programs and activities.’’. 
SEC. 1213. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Section 703 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343), as amended by section 1104, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) A
CQUISITION RESPONSIBILITIES .—The acquisition responsibilities of the Chief In-formation Officer shall include— ‘‘(1) overseeing the management of the Homeland Security Enterprise Architecture and ensuring that, before each acquisition decision event, approved information tech-nology acquisitions comply with depart-mental information technology management processes, technical requirements, and the Homeland Security Enterprise Architecture, and in any case in which information tech-nology acquisitions do not comply with the management directives of the Department, making recommendations to the Acquisition Review Board regarding that noncompliance; and ‘‘(2) being responsible for— ‘‘(A) providing recommendations to the Ac-quisition Review Board regarding informa-tion technology programs; and ‘‘(B) developing information technology acquisition strategic guidance.’’. 
SEC. 1214. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR PRO-GRAM ACCOUNTABILITY AND RISK MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.), as amended by section 1132, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 716. ACQUISITION AUTHORITIES FOR PRO-GRAM ACCOUNTABILITY AND RISK MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF OFFICE .—There is in the Management Directorate of the De-partment an office to be known as ‘Program Accountability and Risk Management’, which shall— ‘‘(1) provide accountability, standardiza-tion, and transparency of major acquisition programs of the Department; and ‘‘(2) serve as the central oversight function for all Department acquisition programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3794 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(b) R ESPONSIBILITIES OF EXECUTIVE DIREC-
TOR.—The Program Accountability and Risk Management shall be led by an Executive Di-rector to oversee the requirement under sub-section (a), who shall report directly to the Under Secretary for Management, serve as the executive secretary for the Acquisition Review Board, and carry out the following responsibilities: ‘‘(1) Monitor the performance of Depart-ment acquisition programs between acquisi-tion decision events to identify problems with cost, performance, or schedule that components may need to address to prevent cost overruns, performance issues, or sched-ule delays. ‘‘(2) Assist the Under Secretary for Man-agement in managing the acquisition pro-grams and related activities of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(3) Conduct oversight of individual acqui-sition programs to implement Department acquisition program policy, procedures, and guidance with a priority on ensuring the data the office collects and maintains from Department components is accurate and reli-able. ‘‘(4) Coordinate the acquisition life cycle review process for the Acquisition Review Board. ‘‘(5) Advise the persons having acquisition decision authority in making acquisition de-cisions consistent with all applicable laws and in establishing lines of authority, ac-countability, and responsibility for acquisi-tion decision making within the Depart-ment. ‘‘(6) Support the Chief Procurement Officer in developing strategies and specific plans for hiring, training, and professional devel-opment in order to improve the acquisition workforce of the Department. ‘‘(7) In consultation with Component Ac-quisition Executives— ‘‘(A) develop standards for the designation of key acquisition positions with major ac-quisition program management offices and on the Component Acquisition Executive support staff; and ‘‘(B) provide requirements and support to the Chief Procurement Officer in the plan-ning, development, and maintenance of the Acquisition Career Management Program of the Department. ‘‘(8) In the event that a certification or ac-tion of an acquisition program manager needs review for purposes of promotion or re-moval, provide input, in consultation with the relevant Component Acquisition Execu-tive, into the performance evaluation of the relevant acquisition program manager and report positive or negative experiences to the relevant certifying authority. ‘‘(9) Provide technical support and assist-ance to Department acquisition programs and acquisition personnel and coordinate with the Chief Procurement Officer on work-force training and development activities. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF COMPONENTS .— Each head of a component shall— ‘‘(1) comply with Federal law, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and Department ac-quisition management directives established by the Under Secretary for Management; and ‘‘(2) for each major acquisition program— ‘‘(A) define baseline requirements and doc-ument changes to such requirements, as ap-propriate; ‘‘(B) develop a life cycle cost estimate that is consistent with best practices identified by the Comptroller General of the United States and establish a complete life cycle cost estimate with supporting documenta-tion, including an acquisition program base-line; ‘‘(C) verify each life cycle cost estimate against independent cost estimates, and rec-oncile any differences; ‘‘(D) complete a cost-benefit analysis with supporting documentation; ‘‘(E) develop and maintain a schedule that is consistent with scheduling best practices as identified by the Comptroller General of the United States, including, in appropriate cases, an integrated master schedule; and ‘‘(F) ensure that all acquisition program information provided by the component is complete, accurate, timely, and valid. ‘‘SEC. 717. ACQUISITION DOCUMENTATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For each major acquisi-tion program, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management, shall require the head of a relevant component or office to— ‘‘(1) maintain acquisition documentation that is complete, accurate, timely, and valid, and that includes, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) operational requirements that are validated consistent with departmental pol-icy and changes to those requirements, as appropriate; ‘‘(B) a complete life cycle cost estimate with supporting documentation; ‘‘(C) verification of the life cycle cost esti-mate against independent cost estimates, and reconciliation of any differences; ‘‘(D) a cost-benefit analysis with sup-porting documentation; and ‘‘(E) a schedule, including, as appropriate, an integrated master schedule; ‘‘(2) prepare cost estimates and schedules for major acquisition programs under sub-paragraphs (B) and (E) of paragraph (1) in a manner consistent with best practices as identified by the Comptroller General of the United States; and ‘‘(3) submit certain acquisition documenta-tion to the Secretary to produce a semi-an-nual Acquisition Program Health Assess-ment of departmental acquisitions for sub-mission to Congress. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under subsection (a)(3) on a case-by-case basis with respect to any major acquisition program under this section for a fiscal year if— ‘‘(1) the major acquisition program has not— ‘‘(A) entered the full rate production phase in the acquisition life cycle; ‘‘(B) had a reasonable cost estimate estab-lished; and ‘‘(C) had a system configuration defined fully; or ‘‘(2) the major acquisition program does not meet the definition of capital asset, as defined by the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. ‘‘(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—At the same time the budget of the President is sub-mitted for a fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall make information available, as applica-ble, to the congressional homeland security committees regarding the requirement de-scribed in subsection (a) in the prior fiscal year that includes, with respect to each major acquisition program for which the Secretary has issued a waiver under sub-section (b)— ‘‘(1) the grounds for granting a waiver for the program; ‘‘(2) the projected cost of the program; ‘‘(3) the proportion of the annual acquisi-tion budget of each component or office at-tributed to the program, as available; and ‘‘(4) information on the significance of the program with respect to the operations and the execution of the mission of each compo-nent or office described in paragraph (3).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1132, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 715 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 716. Acquisition authorities for Pro-gram Accountability and Risk Management. ‘‘Sec. 717. Acquisition documentation.’’. SEC. 1215. ACQUISITION INNOVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) as amended by section 1214, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 718. ACQUISITION INNOVATION. 
‘‘The Under Secretary for Management shall— ‘‘(1) encourage each of the officers under the direction of the Under Secretary for Management to promote innovation and shall designate an individual to promote in-novation; ‘‘(2) establish an acquisition innovation lab or similar mechanism to improve the acqui-sition programs, acquisition workforce training, and existing practices of the De-partment through methods identified in this section; ‘‘(3) test emerging and established acquisi-tion best practices for carrying out acquisi-tions, consistent with applicable laws, regu-lations, and Department directives, as appro-priate; ‘‘(4) develop and distribute best practices and lessons learned regarding acquisition in-novation throughout the Department; ‘‘(5) establish metrics to measure the effec-tiveness of acquisition innovation efforts with respect to cost, operational efficiency of the acquisition program, including time-frames for executing contracts, and collabo-ration with the private sector, including small- and medium-sized businesses; and ‘‘(6) determine impacts of acquisition inno-vation efforts on the private sector by— ‘‘(A) engaging with the private sector, in-cluding small- and medium-sized businesses, to provide information and obtain feedback on procurement practices and acquisition in-novation efforts of the Department; ‘‘(B) obtaining feedback from the private sector on the impact of acquisition innova-tion efforts of the Department; and ‘‘(C) incorporating the feedback described in subparagraphs (A) and (B), as appropriate, into future acquisition innovation efforts of the Department.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1214, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 717 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 718. Acquisition innovation.’’. (c) I
NFORMATION .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘congressional homeland se-curity committees’’ means— (i) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate; and (ii) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security. (2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits the annual budg-et justification for the Department for fiscal year 2020 and every fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2025, the officers under the director of the Under Secretary for Man-agement of the Department shall provide a briefing to the congressional homeland secu-rity committees on the activities under-taken in the previous fiscal year in further-ance of section 718 of the Homeland Security 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3795 June 12, 2018 
Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), which shall include: (A) Emerging and existing acquisition best practices that were tested within the Depart-ment during that fiscal year. (B) Efforts to distribute best practices and lessons learned within the Department, in-cluding through web-based seminars, train-ing, and forums, during that fiscal year. (C) Metrics captured by the Department and aggregate performance information for innovation efforts. (D) Performance as measured by the metrics established under paragraph (5) of such section 718. (E) Outcomes of efforts to distribute best practices and lessons learned within the De-partment, including through web-based sem-inars, training, and forums. (F) A description of outreach and engage-ment efforts with the private sector and any impacts of innovative acquisition mecha-nisms on the private sector, including small- and medium-sized businesses. (G) The criteria used to identify specific acquisition programs or activities to be in-cluded in acquisition innovation efforts and the outcomes of those programs or activi-ties. (H) Recommendations, as necessary, to en-hance acquisition innovation in the Depart-ment. Subtitle B—Acquisition Program Management Discipline 
SEC. 1221. ACQUISITION REVIEW BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 836. ACQUISITION REVIEW BOARD. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish an Acquisition Review Board (in this section referred to as the ‘Board’) to— ‘‘(1) strengthen accountability and uni-formity within the Department acquisition review process; ‘‘(2) review major acquisition programs; and ‘‘(3) review the use of best practices. ‘‘(b) C
OMPOSITION .— ‘‘(1) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Under Secretary for Management shall serve as chairperson of the Board. ‘‘(2) O
THER MEMBERS .—The Secretary shall ensure participation by other relevant De-partment officials. ‘‘(c) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(1) R
EGULAR MEETINGS .—The Board shall meet regularly for purposes of ensuring all acquisition programs proceed in a timely fashion to achieve mission readiness. ‘‘(2) O
THER MEETINGS .—The Board shall convene— ‘‘(A) at the discretion of the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) at any time— ‘‘(i) a major acquisition program— ‘‘(I) requires authorization to proceed from one acquisition decision event to another throughout the acquisition life cycle; ‘‘(II) is in breach of the approved acquisi-tion program baseline of the major acquisi-tion program; or ‘‘(III) requires additional review, as deter-mined by the Under Secretary for Manage-ment; or ‘‘(ii) a non-major acquisition program re-quires review, as determined by the Under Secretary for Management. ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibil-ities of the Board are as follows: ‘‘(1) Determine whether a proposed acquisi-tion program has met the requirements of phases of the acquisition life cycle frame-work and is able to proceed to the next phase and eventual full production and deploy-ment. ‘‘(2) Oversee whether the business strategy, resources, management, and accountability of a proposed acquisition are executable and are aligned to strategic initiatives. ‘‘(3) Support the person with acquisition decision authority for an acquisition pro-gram in determining the appropriate direc-tion for the acquisition at key acquisition decision events. ‘‘(4) Conduct reviews of acquisitions to en-sure that the acquisitions are progressing in compliance with the approved documents for their current acquisition phases. ‘‘(5) Review the acquisition program docu-ments of each major acquisition program, in-cluding the acquisition program baseline and documentation reflecting consideration of tradeoffs among cost, schedule, and perform-ance objectives, to ensure the reliability of underlying data. ‘‘(6) Ensure that practices are adopted and implemented to require consideration of tradeoffs among cost, schedule, and perform-ance objectives as part of the process for de-veloping requirements for major acquisition programs prior to the initiation of the sec-ond acquisition decision event, including, at a minimum, the following practices: ‘‘(A) Department officials responsible for acquisition, budget, and cost estimating functions are provided with the appropriate opportunity to develop estimates and raise cost and schedule matters before perform-ance objectives are established for capabili-ties when feasible. ‘‘(B) Full consideration is given to possible trade-offs among cost, schedule, and per-formance objectives for each alternative. ‘‘(e) ACQUISITION PROGRAM BASELINE RE-
PORT REQUIREMENT .—If the person exercising acquisition decision authority over a major acquisition program approves the major ac-quisition program to proceed before the major acquisition program has a Depart-ment-approved acquisition program baseline, as required by Department policy— ‘‘(1) the Under Secretary for Management shall create and approve an acquisition pro-gram baseline report regarding such ap-proval; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 7 days after the date on which the acquisition decision memorandum is signed, provide written notice of the deci-sion to the appropriate committees of Con-gress; and ‘‘(B) not later than 60 days after the date on which the acquisition decision memo-randum is signed, provide the memorandum and a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section and every year thereafter through fiscal year 2022, the Under Secretary for Management shall provide information to the appropriate committees of Congress on the activities of the Board for the prior fiscal year that in-cludes information relating to— ‘‘(1) for each meeting of the Board, any ac-quisition decision memoranda; ‘‘(2) the results of the systematic reviews conducted under subsection (d)(4); ‘‘(3) the results of acquisition document re-views required under subsection (d)(5); and ‘‘(4) activities to ensure that practices are adopted and implemented throughout the Department under subsection (d)(6).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 835 the following: ‘‘Sec. 836. Acquisition Review Board.’’. 
SEC. 1222. DEPARTMENT LEADERSHIP COUNCILS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle H of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 451 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 890B. DEPARTMENT LEADERSHIP COUN-CILS. 
‘‘(a) D EPARTMENT LEADERSHIP COUNCILS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may establish Department leadership councils as the Secretary determines necessary to en-sure coordination and improve programs and activities of the Department. ‘‘(2) F
UNCTION .—A Department leadership council shall— ‘‘(A) serve as a coordinating forum; ‘‘(B) advise the Secretary and Deputy Sec-retary on Department strategy, operations, and guidance; ‘‘(C) establish policies to reduce duplica-tion in acquisition programs; and ‘‘(D) consider and report on such other matters as the Secretary or Deputy Sec-retary may direct. ‘‘(3) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FORUMS .—The Secretary or Deputy Secretary may delegate the authority to direct the implementation of any decision or guidance resulting from the action of a Department leadership coun-cil to any office, component, coordinator, or other senior official of the Department. ‘‘(b) J
OINT REQUIREMENTS COUNCIL .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF JOINT REQUIREMENT .—In this subsection, the term ‘joint requirement’ means a condition or capability of multiple operating components of the Department that is required to be met or possessed by a system, product, service, result, or compo-nent to satisfy a contract, standard, speci-fication, or other formally imposed docu-ment. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish within the Department a Joint Re-quirements Council. ‘‘(3) M
ISSION .—In addition to other matters assigned to the Joint Requirements Council by the Secretary and Deputy Secretary, the Joint Requirements Council shall— ‘‘(A) identify, assess, and validate joint re-quirements, including existing systems and associated capability gaps, to meet mission needs of the Department; ‘‘(B) ensure that appropriate efficiencies are made among life cycle cost, schedule, and performance objectives, and procure-ment quantity objectives, in the establish-ment and approval of joint requirements; and ‘‘(C) make prioritized capability rec-ommendations for the joint requirements validated under subparagraph (A) to the Sec-retary, the Deputy Secretary, or the chair-person of a Department leadership council designated by the Secretary to review deci-sions of the Joint Requirements Council. ‘‘(4) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Secretary shall ap-point a chairperson of the Joint Require-ments Council, for a term of not more than 2 years, from among senior officials of the Department as designated by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) C
OMPOSITION .—The Joint Require-ments Council shall be composed of senior officials representing components of the De-partment and other senior officials as des-ignated by the Secretary. ‘‘(6) R
ELATIONSHIP TO FUTURE YEARS HOME -
LAND SECURITY PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Future Years Home-land Security Program required under sec-tion 874 is consistent with the recommenda-tions of the Joint Requirements Council re-quired under paragraph (3)(C), as affirmed by the Secretary, the Deputy Secretary, or the chairperson of a Department leadership council designated by the Secretary under that paragraph.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 890A the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3796 June 12, 2018 
‘‘Sec. 890B. Department leadership coun-cils.’’. 
SEC. 1223. EXCLUDED PARTY LIST SYSTEM WAIV-ERS. 
Not later than 5 days after the date on which the Chief Procurement Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security issues a waiver of the re-quirement that an agency not engage in business with a contractor or other recipient of funds listed in the System for Award Man-agement, or a successor system, as main-tained by the General Services Administra-tion, the Office of Legislative Affairs of the Department of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to Congress notice of such waiver and an explanation for a finding by the Under Sec-retary for Management that a compelling reason exists for issuing the waiver. 
SEC. 1224. INSPECTOR GENERAL OVERSIGHT OF SUSPENSION AND DEBARMENT. 
The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall— (1) conduct audits as determined necessary by the Inspector General regarding grant and procurement awards to identify instances in which a contract or grant was improperly awarded to a suspended or debarred entity and whether corrective actions were taken to prevent recurrence; and (2) review the suspension and debarment program throughout the Department of Homeland Security to assess whether sus-pension and debarment criteria are consist-ently applied throughout the Department of Homeland Security and whether disparities exist in the application of such criteria, par-ticularly with respect to business size and categories. 
SEC. 1225. SUSPENSION AND DEBARMENT PRO-GRAM AND PAST PERFORMANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘congressional homeland secu-rity committees’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act; (2) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (3) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a suspension and debarment program that ensures the Department and each of the components of the Department comply with the laws, regulations, and guidance related to the suspension, debarment, and ineligi-bility of contractors. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The program required to be established under paragraph (1) shall include policies and processes for— (A) tracking, reviewing, and documenting suspension and debarment decisions, includ-ing those related to poor performance, fraud, national security considerations, and other criteria determined appropriate by the Sec-retary; (B) ensuring consideration of and referral for suspension, debarment, or other nec-essary actions that protect the interests of the Federal Government; (C) managing and sharing relevant docu-ments and information on contractors for use across the Department; (D) requiring timely reporting into depart-mental and Government-wide databases by the suspension and debarment officials of contractor suspensions, debarments, or de-terminations of ineligibility, or other rel-evant information; and (E) issuing guidance to implement these policies and for the timely implementation of agreed upon recommendations from the Inspector General of the Department or the Comptroller General of the United States. (3) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The pro- gram required to be established under sub-section (b)(1) shall— (A) require that any referral made by a contracting official for consideration of ac-tions to protect the interests of the Federal Government be evaluated by the Suspension and Debarment Official in writing in accord-ance with applicable regulations; and (B) develop and require training for all contracting officials of the Department on the causes for suspension and debarment and complying with departmental and Govern-ment-wide policies and processes. (c) PASTPERFORMANCE REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Procurement Officer of the Department shall require for any solicitation for a competitive contract by a component of the Department that the head of contracting activity for the compo-nent shall include past performance as an evaluation factor in the solicitation, con-sistent with applicable laws and regulations and policies established by the Chief Pro-curement Officer. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the re-quirements of paragraph (1), the Chief Pro-curement Officer shall establish depart-mental policies and procedures, consistent with applicable laws and regulations, to as-sess the past performance of contractors and relevant subcontractors (including contracts performed at the State or local level) as part of the source selection process. (3) W
AIVERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Procurement Officer of the Department may waive a re-quirement under paragraph (1) with respect to a solicitation if the Chief Procurement Of-ficer determines that the waiver is in the best interest of the Government. (B) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Chief Procure-ment Officer issues a waiver under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees written notice of the waiver, which shall in-clude a description of the reasons for the waiver. Subtitle C—Acquisition Program Manage-ment Accountability and Transparency 
SEC. 1231. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION FOR MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.), as amended by section 1221, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 837. CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS FOR MAJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM BREACH. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF APPROPRIATE COMMIT -
TEES OF CONGRESS .—In this section, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) in the case of notice or a report relat-ing to the Coast Guard or the Transportation Security Administration, the committees de-scribed in paragraph (1) and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS WITHIN DEPARTMENT IN  E
VENT OF BREACH .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) N
OTIFICATION OF BREACH .—If a breach occurs in a major acquisition program, the program manager for the program shall no-tify the Component Acquisition Executive for the program, the head of the component concerned, the Executive Director of the Program Accountability and Risk Manage-ment division, the Under Secretary for Man-agement, and the Deputy Secretary not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the breach is identified. ‘‘(B) NOTIFICATION TO SECRETARY .—If a breach occurs in a major acquisition pro-gram and the breach results in a cost over-run greater than 15 percent, a schedule delay greater than 180 days, or a failure to meet any of the performance thresholds from the cost, schedule, or performance parameters specified in the most recently approved ac-quisition program baseline for the program, the Component Acquisition Executive for the program shall notify the Secretary and the Inspector General of the Department not later than 5 business days after the date on which the Component Acquisition Executive for the program, the head of the component concerned, the Executive Director of the Program Accountability and Risk Manage-ment Division, the Under Secretary for Man-agement, and the Deputy Secretary are noti-fied of the breach under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) R
EMEDIATION PLAN AND ROOT CAUSE  
ANALYSIS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a breach occurs in a major acquisition program, the program manager for the program shall submit in writing to the head of the component con-cerned, the Executive Director of the Pro-gram Accountability and Risk Management division, and the Under Secretary for Man-agement, at a date established by the Under Secretary for Management, a remediation plan and root cause analysis relating to the breach and program. ‘‘(B) R
EMEDIATION PLAN .—The remediation plan required under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) explain the circumstances of the breach at issue; ‘‘(ii) provide prior cost estimating informa-tion; ‘‘(iii) include a root cause analysis that de-termines the underlying cause or causes of shortcomings in cost, schedule, or perform-ance of the major acquisition program with respect to which the breach has occurred, in-cluding the role, if any, of— ‘‘(I) unrealistic performance expectations; ‘‘(II) unrealistic baseline estimates for cost or schedule or changes in program require-ments; ‘‘(III) immature technologies or excessive manufacturing or integration risk; ‘‘(IV) unanticipated design, engineering, manufacturing, or technology integration issues arising during program performance; ‘‘(V) changes to the scope of the program; ‘‘(VI) inadequate program funding or changes in planned out-year funding from one 5-year funding plan to the next 5-year funding plan as outlined in the Future Years Homeland Security Program required under section 874; ‘‘(VII) legislative, legal, or regulatory changes; or ‘‘(VIII) inadequate program management personnel, including lack of sufficient num-ber of staff, training, credentials, certifi-cations, or use of best practices; ‘‘(iv) propose corrective action to address cost growth, schedule delays, or performance issues; ‘‘(v) explain the rationale for why a pro-posed corrective action is recommended; and ‘‘(vi) in coordination with the Component Acquisition Executive for the program, dis-cuss all options considered, including— ‘‘(I) the estimated impact on cost, sched-ule, or performance of the program if no changes are made to current requirements; ‘‘(II) the estimated cost of the program if requirements are modified; and ‘‘(III) the extent to which funding from other programs will need to be reduced to cover the cost growth of the program. ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW OF CORRECTIVE ACTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3797 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(i) shall review each remediation plan re-quired under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(ii) not later than 30 days after submis-sion of a remediation plan under paragraph (2), may approve the plan or provide an alter-native proposed corrective action. ‘‘(B) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Under Secretary for Management completes a review of a remediation plan under sub-paragraph (A), the Under Secretary for Man-agement shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a copy of the reme-diation plan. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO CONGRES -
SIONAL NOTIFICATION IF BREACH OCCURS .— ‘‘(1) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—If a notifi-cation to the Secretary is made under sub-section (b)(1)(B) relating to a breach in a major acquisition program, the Under Sec-retary for Management shall notify the ap-propriate committees of Congress of the breach in the next semi-annual Acquisition Program Health Assessment described in sec-tion 717(a)(3) after receipt by the Under Sec-retary for Management of the notification under subsection (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(2) S
IGNIFICANT VARIANCES IN COSTS OR  
SCHEDULE .—If a likely cost overrun is greater than 20 percent or a likely delay is greater than 12 months from the costs and schedule specified in the acquisition program baseline for a major acquisition program, the Under Secretary for Management shall include in the notification required under paragraph (1) a written certification, with supporting ex-planation, that— ‘‘(A) the program is essential to the accom-plishment of the mission of the Department; ‘‘(B) there are no alternatives to the capa-bility or asset provided by the program that will provide equal or greater capability in a more cost-effective and timely manner; ‘‘(C) the management structure for the program is adequate to manage and control cost, schedule, and performance; and ‘‘(D) includes the date on which the new acquisition schedule and estimates for total acquisition cost will be completed.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1221, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 836 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 837. Congressional notification and other requirements for major acquisition program breach.’’. 
SEC. 1232. MULTIYEAR ACQUISITION STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.), as amended by section 1231, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 838. MULTIYEAR ACQUISITION STRATEGY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Under Secretary for Management shall brief the appropriate congressional commit-tees on a multiyear acquisition strategy to— ‘‘(1) guide the overall direction of the ac-quisitions of the Department while allowing flexibility to deal with ever-changing threats and risks; ‘‘(2) keep pace with changes in technology that could impact deliverables; and ‘‘(3) help industry better understand, plan, and align resources to meet the future acqui-sition needs of the Department. ‘‘(b) U
PDATES .—The strategy required under subsection (a) shall be updated and in-cluded in each Future Years Homeland Secu-rity Program required under section 874. ‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the strategy required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall, as the Secretary determines appropriate, consult with headquarters, com-ponents, employees in the field, and individ-uals from industry and the academic com-munity.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1231, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 837 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 838. Multiyear acquisition strategy.’’. 
SEC. 1233. REPORT ON BID PROTESTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ has the meaning given the term in section 837(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 1231(a); and (2) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security. (b) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department shall conduct a study, in consultation with the Government Accountability Office when necessary, and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the prev-alence and impact of bid protests on the ac-quisition process of the Department, in par-ticular bid protests filed with the Govern-ment Accountability Office and the United States Court of Federal Claims. (c) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (b) shall include— (1) with respect to contracts with the De-partment— (A) trends in the number of bid protests filed with Federal agencies, the Government Accountability Office, and Federal courts and the rate of those bid protests compared to contract obligations and the number of contracts; (B) an analysis of bid protests filed by in-cumbent contractors, including the rate at which those contractors are awarded bridge contracts or contract extensions over the pe-riod during which the bid protest remains unresolved; (C) a comparison of the number of bid pro-tests and the outcome of bid protests for— (i) awards of contracts compared to awards of task or delivery orders; (ii) contracts or orders primarily for prod-ucts compared to contracts or orders pri-marily for services; (iii) protests filed pre-award to challenge the solicitation compared to those filed post- award; (iv) contracts or awards with single protestors compared to multiple protestors; and (v) contracts with single awards compared to multiple award contracts; (D) a description of trends in the number of bid protests filed as a percentage of con-tracts and as a percentage of task or delivery orders by the value of the contract or order with respect to— (i) contracts valued at more than $300,000,000; (ii) contracts valued at not less than $50,000,000 and not more than $300,000,000; (iii) contracts valued at not less than $10,000,000 and not more than $50,000,000; and (iv) contracts valued at less than $10,000,000; (E) an assessment of the cost and schedule impact of successful and unsuccessful bid protests, as well as delineation of litigation costs, filed on major acquisitions with more than $100,000,000 in annual expenditures or $300,000,000 in life cycle costs; (F) an analysis of how often bid protestors are awarded the contract that was the sub-ject of the bid protest; (G) a summary of the results of bid pro-tests in which the Department took unilat-eral corrective action, including the average time for remedial action to be completed; (H) the time it takes the Department to implement corrective actions after a ruling or decision with respect to a bid protest, and the percentage of those corrective actions that are subsequently protested, including the outcome of any subsequent bid protest; (I) an analysis of those contracts with re-spect to which a company files a bid protest and later files a subsequent bid protest; and (J) an assessment of the overall time spent on preventing and responding to bid protests as it relates to the procurement process; and (2) any recommendations by the Inspector General of the Department relating to the study conducted under this section. SEC. 1234. PROHIBITION AND LIMITATIONS ON USE OF COST-PLUS CONTRACTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (2) the term ‘‘major acquisition program’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101), as amended by this Act. (b) P
ROHIBITION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall mod-ify the acquisition regulations of the Depart-ment to prohibit the use of cost-type con-tracts, unless the head of contracting activ-ity determines in writing that— (1) a cost-type contract is required by the level of program risk; and (2) appropriate steps will be taken as soon as practicable to reduce that risk so that fol-low-on contracts for the same product or service can be awarded on a fixed-price basis, and delineates those steps in writing. (c) M
AJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAMS .— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—The Department shall prohibit the use of cost-plus contracts with respect to procurements for the production of major acquisition programs. (2) L
IMITATION ON AUTHORIZING OF COST - 
TYPE CONTRACTS .—The Chief Procurement Officer of the Department, in consultation with the Acquisition Review Board required to be established under section 836 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 1221(a), may authorize the use of a cost-type contract for a major acquisition program only upon a written determination that— (A) the major acquisition program is so complex and technically challenging that it is not practicable to use a contract type other than a cost-plus reimbursable contract for the development of the major acquisition program; (B) all reasonable efforts have been made to define the requirements sufficiently to allow for the use of a contract type other than a cost-plus reimbursable contract for the development of the major acquisition program; and (C) despite the efforts described in subpara-graph (B), the Department cannot define re-quirements sufficiently to allow for the use of a contract type other than a cost-plus re-imbursable contract for the development of the major acquisition program. 
SEC. 1235. BRIDGE CONTRACTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘acquisition program’’ and ‘‘congressional homeland security commit-tees’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act; (2) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (3) the term ‘‘Executive agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 105 of title 5, United States Code. (b) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Chief Procurement Officer of the Department shall develop, in consultation with the Office of Federal Procurement Policy— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3798 June 12, 2018 
(1) a common definition of a bridge con-tract; and (2) policies and procedures for the Depart-ment that, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, seek to— (A) minimize the use of bridge contracts while providing for continuation of services to be performed through contracts; and (B) ensure appropriate planning by con-tracting officials. (c) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS .—The policies and procedures developed under subsection (b) shall include the following elements: (1) Sufficient time and planning to review contract requirements, compete contracts as appropriate, enter into contracts, and con-sider the possibility of bid protests. (2) For contracts that do not meet timeli-ness standards or that require entering into bridge contracts, contracting officials shall notify the Chief Procurement Officer of the Department and the head of the component agency of the Department. (3) The Chief Procurement Officer of the Department shall approve any bridge con-tract that lasts longer than 6 months, and the head of the component agency of the De-partment shall approve any bridge contract that lasts longer than 1 year. (d) P
UBLIC NOTICE .—The Chief Procure-ment Officer of the Department shall provide public notice not later than 30 days after en-tering into a bridge contract, which shall in-clude the notice required under subsection (c)(2) to the extent that information is avail-able. (e) E
XCEPTIONS .—The policies and proce-dures developed under subsection (b) shall not apply to— (1) service contracts in support of contin-gency operations, humanitarian assistance, or disaster relief; (2) service contracts in support of national security emergencies declared with respect to named operations; or (3) service contracts entered into pursuant to international agreements. (f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than September 30, 2020, and by September 30 of each subsequent year thereafter until 2025, the Chief Procure-ment Officer of the Department shall submit to the congressional homeland security com-mittees and make publicly available on the website of the Department a report on the use of bridge contracts for all acquisition programs, which shall include— (1) a common definition for a bridge con-tract, if in existence, that is used by con-tracting offices of Executive agencies; (2) the total number of bridge contracts en-tered into during the previous fiscal year; (3) the estimated value of each contract that required the use of a bridge contract and the cost of each such bridge contract; (4) the reasons for and cost of each bridge contract; (5) the types of services or goods being ac-quired under each bridge contract; (6) the length of the initial contract that required the use of a bridge contract, includ-ing the base and any exercised option years, and the cumulative length of any bridge con-tract or contracts related to the initial con-tract; (7) a description of how many of the con-tracts that required bridge contracts were the result of bid protests; (8) a description of existing statutory, reg-ulatory, or agency guidance that the Depart-ment followed to execute each bridge con-tract; and (9) any other matters determined to be rel-evant by the Chief Procurement Officer of the Department. 
SEC. 1236. ACQUISITION REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title VIII of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.), as amended by section 1232, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 839. ACQUISITION POLICIES AND GUID-ANCE. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM ACCOUNTABILITY REPORT .— The Under Secretary for Management shall prepare and submit to the congressional homeland security committees a semi-an-nual program accountability report to meet the mandate of the Department to perform program health assessments and improve program execution and governance. ‘‘(b) L
EVEL 3 A CQUISITION PROGRAMS OF  C
OMPONENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
DENTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, component heads of the Department shall identify to the Under Secretary for Management all level 3 acquisition programs of each respective component. ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after receipt of the information under para-graph (1), the Under Secretary for Manage-ment shall certify in writing to the congres-sional homeland security committees wheth-er the heads of the components of the De-partment have properly identified the pro-grams described in that paragraph. ‘‘(3) M
ETHODOLOGY .—To carry out this sub-section, the Under Secretary shall establish a process with a repeatable methodology to continually identify level 3 acquisition pro-grams. ‘‘(c) P
OLICIES AND GUIDANCE .— ‘‘(1) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Component Acquisition Executives shall submit to the Under Secretary for Manage-ment the policies and relevant guidance for the level 3 acquisition programs of each com-ponent. ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days after receipt of the policies and guidance under subparagraph (A), the Under Secretary shall certify in writing to the congressional homeland security committees that the poli-cies and guidance of each component adhere to Department-wide acquisition policies.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1232, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 838 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 839. Acquisition policies and guid-ance.’’. TITLE III—INTELLIGENCE AND INFORMATION SHARING Subtitle A—Department of Homeland Security Intelligence Enterprise 
SEC. 1301. HOMELAND INTELLIGENCE DOCTRINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), as amended by section 1601(g) of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 210F. HOMELAND INTELLIGENCE DOC-TRINE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary, acting through the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department, in co-ordination with intelligence components of the Department, the Office of the General Counsel, the Privacy Office, and the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, shall de-velop and disseminate written Department- wide guidance for the processing, analysis, production, and dissemination of homeland security information (as such term is defined in section 892) and terrorism information (as such term is defined in section 1016 of the In-telligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485)). ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The guidance required under subsection (a) shall, at a minimum, in-clude the following: ‘‘(1) A description of guiding principles and purposes of the Department’s intelligence enterprise. ‘‘(2) A summary of the roles and respon-sibilities, if any, of each intelligence compo-nent of the Department and programs of the intelligence components of the Department in the processing, analysis, production, and dissemination of homeland security informa-tion and terrorism information, including relevant authorities and restrictions applica-ble to each intelligence component of the Department and programs of each such intel-ligence component. ‘‘(3) Guidance for the processing, analysis, and production of such information, includ-ing descriptions of component or program specific datasets that facilitate the proc-essing, analysis, and production. ‘‘(4) Guidance for the dissemination of such information, including within the Depart-ment, among and between Federal depart-ments and agencies, among and between State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ments, including law enforcement agencies, and with foreign partners and the private sector. ‘‘(5) A statement of intent regarding how the dissemination of homeland security in-formation and terrorism information to the intelligence community (as such term is de-fined in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4))) and Federal law enforcement agencies should assist the intelligence community and Federal law en-forcement agencies in carrying out their re-spective missions. ‘‘(6) A statement of intent regarding how the dissemination of homeland security in-formation and terrorism information to State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ment agencies, including law enforcement agencies, should assist the agencies in car-rying out their respective missions. ‘‘(c) FORM.—The guidance required under subsection (a) shall be disseminated in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REVIEW .—For each of the 5 fis-cal years beginning with the first fiscal year that begins after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the guidance required under sub-section (a) and, as appropriate, revise such guidance.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1601(i) of this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210E the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 210F. Homeland intelligence doc-trine.’’. 
SEC. 1302. PERSONNEL FOR THE CHIEF INTEL-LIGENCE OFFICER. 
Section 201(e)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(e)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Sec-retary shall also provide the Chief Intel-ligence Officer with a staff having appro-priate component intelligence program ex-pertise and experience to assist the Chief In-telligence Officer.’’. 
SEC. 1303. ANNUAL HOMELAND TERRORIST THREAT ASSESSMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 210G. HOMELAND TERRORIST THREAT AS-SESSMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion and for each of the following 5 fiscal years (beginning in the first fiscal year that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3799 June 12, 2018 
begins after the date of the enactment of this section), the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, and using departmental informa-tion, including component information co-ordinated with each intelligence component of the Department and programs of each such intelligence component, and informa-tion provided through State and major urban area fusion centers, shall conduct an assess-ment of the terrorist threat to the home-land. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each assessment under subsection (a) shall include the following: ‘‘(1) Empirical data assessing terrorist ac-tivities and incidents over time in the United States, including terrorist activities and incidents planned or supported by for-eign or domestic terrorists or persons out-side of the United States to occur in the homeland. ‘‘(2) An evaluation of current terrorist tac-tics, as well as ongoing and possible future changes in terrorist tactics. ‘‘(3) An assessment of criminal activity en-countered or observed by officers or employ-ees of components which is suspected of fi-nancing terrorist activity. ‘‘(4) Detailed information on all individ-uals suspected of involvement in terrorist activity and subsequently— ‘‘(A) prosecuted for a Federal criminal of-fense, including details of the criminal charges involved; ‘‘(B) placed into removal proceedings, in-cluding details of the removal processes and charges used; ‘‘(C) denied entry into the United States, including details of the denial processes used; or ‘‘(D) subjected to civil proceedings for rev-ocation of naturalization. ‘‘(5) The efficacy and reach of foreign and domestic terrorist organization propaganda, messaging, or recruitment, including details of any specific propaganda, messaging, or re-cruitment that contributed to terrorist ac-tivities identified pursuant to paragraph (1). ‘‘(6) An assessment of threats, including cyber threats, to the homeland, including to critical infrastructure and Federal civilian networks. ‘‘(7) An assessment of current and poten-tial terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and organized groups seeking to unlawfully enter the United States. ‘‘(8) An assessment of threats to the trans-portation sector, including surface and avia-tion transportation systems. ‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The assess-ments required under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) shall, to the extent practicable, utilize existing component data collected and exist-ing component threat assessments; and ‘‘(2) may incorporate relevant information and analysis from other agencies of the Fed-eral Government, agencies of State and local governments (including law enforcement agencies), as well as the private sector, dis-seminated in accordance with standard infor-mation sharing procedures and policies. ‘‘(d) F
ORM.—The assessments required under subsection (a) shall be shared with the appropriate congressional committees and submitted in unclassified form, but may in-clude separate classified annexes, if appro-priate. 
‘‘SEC. 210H. REPORT ON TERRORISM PREVEN-TION ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPART-MENT. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress an annual report that shall include the following: ‘‘(1) A description of the status of the pro-grams and policies of the Department for countering violent extremism and similar activities in the United States. ‘‘(2) A description of the efforts of the De-partment to cooperate with and provide as-sistance to other Federal departments and agencies. ‘‘(3) Qualitative and quantitative metrics for evaluating the success of the programs and policies described in paragraph (1) and the steps taken to evaluate the success of those programs and policies. ‘‘(4) An accounting of— ‘‘(A) grants and cooperative agreements awarded by the Department to counter vio-lent extremism; and ‘‘(B) all training specifically aimed at countering violent extremism sponsored by the Department. ‘‘(5) In coordination with the Under Sec-retary for Intelligence and Analysis, an anal-ysis of how the activities of the Department to counter violent extremism correspond and adapt to the threat environment. ‘‘(6) A summary of how civil rights and civil liberties are protected in the activities of the Department to counter violent extre-mism. ‘‘(7) An evaluation of the use of grants and cooperative agreements awarded under sec-tions 2003 and 2004 to support efforts of local communities in the United States to counter violent extremism, including information on the effectiveness of those grants and cooper-ative agreements in countering violent ex-tremism. ‘‘(8) A description of how the Department incorporated lessons learned from the coun-tering violent extremism programs and poli-cies and similar activities of foreign, State, local, tribal, and territorial governments and stakeholder communities. ‘‘(9) A description of the decision process used by the Department to rename or refocus the entities within the Department that are focused on the issues described in this sub-section, including a description of the threat basis for that decision. ‘‘(b) ANNUAL REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion, and annually thereafter, the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the De-partment shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the countering violent extremism and similar activities of the Department to ensure that all such ac-tivities of the Department respect the pri-vacy, civil rights, and civil liberties of all persons; and ‘‘(2) make publicly available on the website of the Department a report containing the results of the review conducted under para-graph (1).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 201(d) (6 U.S.C. 121(d)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(27) To carry out section 210G (relating to homeland terrorist threat assessments) and section 210H (relating to terrorism preven-tion activities).’’; and (2) in section 2008(b)(1) (6 U.S.C. 609(b)(1))— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to support any organization or group which has knowingly or recklessly funded domestic terrorism or international ter-rorism (as those terms are defined in section 2331 of title 18, United States Code) or orga-nization or group known to engage in or re-cruit to such activities, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Adminis-trator, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, and the heads of other appro-priate Federal departments and agencies.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1301, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210F the following: ‘‘Sec. 210G. Homeland terrorist threat as-sessments. ‘‘Sec. 210H. Report on terrorism prevention activities of the Department.’’. (d) SUNSET .—Effective on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act— (1) section 210H of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), is re-pealed; and (2) the table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 210H. 
SEC. 1304. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY DATA FRAMEWORK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall develop a data frame-work to integrate existing Department of Homeland Security datasets and systems, as appropriate, for access by authorized per-sonnel in a manner consistent with relevant legal authorities and privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties policies and protections. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In developing the framework required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall en-sure, in accordance with all applicable statu-tory and regulatory requirements, the fol-lowing information is included: (A) All information acquired, held, or ob-tained by an office or component of the De-partment of Homeland Security that falls within the scope of the information sharing environment, including homeland security information, terrorism information, weapons of mass destruction information, and na-tional intelligence. (B) Any information or intelligence rel-evant to priority mission needs and capa-bility requirements of the homeland security enterprise, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. (b) D
ATAFRAMEWORK ACCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall ensure that the data framework required under this section is ac-cessible to employees of the Department of Homeland Security who the Secretary deter-mines— (A) have an appropriate security clearance; (B) are assigned to perform a function that requires access to information in such framework; and (C) are trained in applicable standards for safeguarding and using such information. (2) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) issue guidance for Department of Homeland Security employees authorized to access and contribute to the data framework pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) ensure that such guidance enforces a duty to share between offices and compo-nents of the Department when accessing or contributing to such framework for mission needs. (3) E
FFICIENCY .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall promulgate data stand-ards and instruct components of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to make avail-able information through the data frame-work required under this section in a ma-chine-readable standard format, to the great-est extent practicable. (c) E
XCLUSION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may exclude in-formation from the data framework if the Secretary determines inclusion of such infor-mation may— (1) jeopardize the protection of sources, methods, or activities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3800 June 12, 2018 
(2) compromise a criminal or national se-curity investigation; (3) be inconsistent with other Federal laws or regulations; or (4) be duplicative or not serve an oper-ational purpose if included in such frame-work. (d) S
AFEGUARDS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall incorporate into the data framework required under this section sys-tems capabilities for auditing and ensuring the security of information included in such framework. Such capabilities shall include the following: (1) Mechanisms for identifying insider threats. (2) Mechanisms for identifying security risks. (3) Safeguards for privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. (e) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure the data framework re-quired under this section has the ability to include the information described in sub-section (a). (f) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .— (1) S
TATUS UPDATES .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees regular updates on the status of the data framework until such framework is fully operational. (2) O
PERATIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the data framework required under this section is fully operational, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide notice to the appro-priate congressional committees that the data framework is fully operational. (3) V
ALUE ADDED .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall include in each assess-ment required under section 210G(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act, if applicable, a description of the use of the data framework required under this section to support operations that dis-rupt terrorist activities and incidents in the homeland. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committee’’— (A) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101); and (B) includes the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) H
OMELAND .—The term ‘‘homeland’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). (3) H
OMELAND SECURITY INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘homeland security information’’ has the meaning given such term in section 892 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 482). (4) I
NSIDER THREAT .—The term ‘‘insider threat’’ has the meaning given such term in section 104 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 1305. (5) N
ATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .—The term ‘‘na-tional intelligence’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(5) of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(5)). (6) T
ERRORISM INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘terrorism information’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1016 of the Intel-ligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485). 
SEC. 1305. ESTABLISHMENT OF INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 111 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 104. INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish an Insider Threat Program within the Department, which shall— ‘‘(1) provide training and education for em-ployees of the Department to identify, pre-vent, mitigate, and respond to insider threat risks to the Department’s critical assets; ‘‘(2) provide investigative support regard-ing potential insider threats that may pose a risk to the Department’s critical assets; and ‘‘(3) conduct risk mitigation activities for insider threats. ‘‘(b) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a Steering Committee within the Department. ‘‘(B) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the Steering Committee shall be as follows: ‘‘(i) The Under Secretary for Management and the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall serve as the Co-Chairpersons of the Steering Committee. ‘‘(ii) The Chief Security Officer, as the des-ignated Senior Insider Threat Official, shall serve as the Vice Chairperson of the Steering Committee. ‘‘(iii) The other members of the Steering Committee shall be comprised of representa-tives of— ‘‘(I) the Office of Intelligence and Analysis; ‘‘(II) the Office of the Chief Information Of-ficer; ‘‘(III) the Office of the General Counsel; ‘‘(IV) the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties; ‘‘(V) the Privacy Office; ‘‘(VI) the Office of the Chief Human Cap-ital Officer; ‘‘(VII) the Office of the Chief Financial Of-ficer; ‘‘(VIII) the Federal Protective Service; ‘‘(IX) the Office of the Chief Procurement Officer; ‘‘(X) the Science and Technology Direc-torate; and ‘‘(XI) other components or offices of the Department as appropriate. ‘‘(C) M
EETINGS .—The members of the Steering Committee shall meet on a regular basis to discuss cases and issues related to insider threats to the Department’s critical assets, in accordance with subsection (a). ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section, the Under Secretary for Manage-ment, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, and the Chief Security Officer, in coordination with the Steering Com-mittee, shall— ‘‘(A) develop a holistic strategy for Depart-ment-wide efforts to identify, prevent, miti-gate, and respond to insider threats to the Department’s critical assets; ‘‘(B) develop a plan to implement the in-sider threat measures identified in the strat-egy developed under subparagraph (A) across the components and offices of the Depart-ment; ‘‘(C) document insider threat policies and controls; ‘‘(D) conduct a baseline risk assessment of insider threats posed to the Department’s critical assets; ‘‘(E) examine programmatic and tech-nology best practices adopted by the Federal Government, industry, and research institu-tions to implement solutions that are vali-dated and cost-effective; ‘‘(F) develop a timeline for deploying workplace monitoring technologies, em-ployee awareness campaigns, and education and training programs related to identifying, preventing, mitigating, and responding to potential insider threats to the Depart-ment’s critical assets; ‘‘(G) consult with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and other appro-priate stakeholders to ensure the Insider Threat Program is informed, on an ongoing basis, by current information regarding threats, best practices, and available tech-nology; and ‘‘(H) develop, collect, and report metrics on the effectiveness of the Department’s insider threat mitigation efforts. ‘‘(c) PRESERVATION OF MERIT SYSTEM  R
IGHTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Steering Committee shall not seek to, and the authorities pro-vided under this section shall not be used to, deter, detect, or mitigate disclosures of in-formation by Government employees or con-tractors that are lawful under and protected by section 17(d)(5) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3517(d)(5)) (com-monly known as the ‘Intelligence Commu-nity Whistleblower Protection Act of 1998’), chapter 12 or 23 of title 5, United States Code, the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or any other whistleblower statute, regulation, or policy. ‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any activity carried out under this section shall be subject to section 115 of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED STATEMENT .—Any activity to implement or enforce any insider threat activity or authority under this section or Executive Order 13587 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) shall include the statement required by sec-tion 115 of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note) that preserves rights under whistleblower laws and section 7211 of title 5, United States Code, protecting communications with Con-gress. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
RITICAL ASSETS .—The term ‘critical assets’ means the resources, including per-sonnel, facilities, information, equipment, networks, or systems necessary for the De-partment to fulfill its mission. ‘‘(2) E
MPLOYEE .—The term ‘employee’ has the meaning given the term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(3) I
NSIDER .—The term ‘insider’ means— ‘‘(A) any person who has or had authorized access to Department facilities, information, equipment, networks, or systems and is em-ployed by, detailed to, or assigned to the De-partment, including members of the Armed Forces, experts or consultants to the Depart-ment, industrial or commercial contractors, licensees, certificate holders, or grantees of the Department, including all subcontrac-tors, personal services contractors, or any other category of person who acts for or on behalf of the Department, as determined by the Secretary; or ‘‘(B) State, local, tribal, territorial, and private sector personnel who possess secu-rity clearances granted by the Department. ‘‘(4) I
NSIDER THREAT .—The term ‘insider threat’ means the threat that an insider will use his or her authorized access, wittingly or unwittingly, to do harm to the security of the United States, including damage to the United States through espionage, terrorism, the unauthorized disclosure of classified na-tional security information, or through the loss or degradation of departmental re-sources or capabilities. ‘‘(5) S
TEERING COMMITTEE .—The term ‘Steering Committee’ means the Steering Committee established under subsection (b)(1)(A).’’. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and once every 2 years thereafter for the fol-lowing 4-year period, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3801 June 12, 2018 
on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the Senate a report on— (A) how the Department of Homeland Se-curity, including the components and offices of the Department of Homeland Security, have implemented the strategy developed under section 104(b)(2)(A) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act; (B) the status of the risk assessment of critical assets being conducted by the De-partment of Homeland Security; (C) the types of insider threat training con-ducted; (D) the number of employees of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security who have re-ceived insider threat training; and (E) information on the effectiveness of the Insider Threat Program (established under section 104(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by this Act), based on metrics developed, collected, and reported pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(H) of such sec-tion 104. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘‘critical assets’’, ‘‘insider’’, and ‘‘in-sider threat’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 104 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (as added by this Act). (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 103 the following: ‘‘Sec. 104. Insider Threat Program.’’. 
SEC. 1306. REPORT ON APPLICATIONS AND THREATS OF BLOCKCHAIN TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs, and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence, the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives. (2) F
OREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ means an organization designated as a foreign ter-rorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (4) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ means a country the government of which the Sec-retary of State has determined to be a gov-ernment that has repeatedly provided sup-port for acts of international terrorism for purposes of— (A) section 6(j)(1)(A) of the Export Admin-istration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)(1)(A)) (as continued in effect pursuant to the Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)); (B) section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assist-ance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371(a)); (C) section 40(d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2780(d)); or (D) any other provision of law. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Treasury, the Attorney Gen-eral, the Director of National Intelligence, and the heads of such other departments and agencies of the Federal Government as the Secretary considers appropriate, shall pro-vide to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on the applications and threats of blockchain technology. (c) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (b) shall include— (1) an assessment of potential offensive and defensive cyber applications of blockchain technology and other distributed ledger technologies; (2) an assessment of the actual and poten-tial threat posed by individuals and state sponsors of terrorism using distributed ledg-er-enabled currency and other emerging fi-nancial technological capabilities to carry out activities in furtherance of an act of ter-rorism, including the provision of material support or resources to a foreign terrorist or-ganization; (3) an assessment of the use or planned use of such technologies by the Federal Govern-ment and critical infrastructure networks; and (4) a threat assessment of efforts by foreign powers, foreign terrorist organizations, and criminal networks to utilize such tech-nologies and related threats to the home-land, including an assessment of the vulnerabilities of critical infrastructure net-works to related cyberattacks. (d) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required under subsection (b) shall be provided in un-classified form, but may include a classified supplement. (e) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Consistent with the pro-tection of classified and confidential unclas-sified information, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall share the threat assessment developed under this sec-tion with State, local, and tribal law en-forcement officials, including officials that operate within fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
SEC. 1307. TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANI-ZATIONS THREAT ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall, in coordination with appro-priate Federal partners, develop and dissemi-nate a threat assessment on whether transnational criminal organizations are ex-ploiting United States border security vulnerabilities in border security screening programs to gain access to the United States and threaten the United States or border se-curity. (b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Upon completion of the threat assessment required under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall make a determination if any changes are required to address security vulnerabilities identified in such assessment. (c) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Consistent with the pro-tection of classified and confidential unclas-sified information, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall share the threat assessment developed under this sec-tion with State, local, and tribal law en-forcement officials, including officials that operate within fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. 
SEC. 1308. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY COUNTER THREATS ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 210I. DEPARTMENTAL COORDINATION ON COUNTER THREATS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is authorized in the Department, for a period of 2 years be-ginning after the date of enactment of this section, a Counter Threats Advisory Board (in this section referred to as the ‘Board’) which shall— ‘‘(1) be composed of senior representatives of departmental operational components and headquarters elements; and ‘‘(2) coordinate departmental intelligence activities and policy and information related to the mission and functions of the Depart-ment that counter threats. ‘‘(b) CHARTER .—There shall be a charter to govern the structure and mission of the Board, which shall— ‘‘(1) direct the Board to focus on the cur-rent threat environment and the importance of aligning departmental activities to counter threats under the guidance of the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) be reviewed and updated as appro-priate. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall be com-posed of senior representatives of depart-mental operational components and head-quarters elements. ‘‘(2) C
HAIR.—The Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis shall serve as the Chair of the Board. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERS .—The Secretary shall ap-point additional members of the Board from among the following: ‘‘(A) The Transportation Security Admin-istration. ‘‘(B) U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(C) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement. ‘‘(D) The Federal Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(E) The Coast Guard. ‘‘(F) U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. ‘‘(G) The United States Secret Service. ‘‘(H) The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. ‘‘(I) The Office of Operations Coordination. ‘‘(J) The Office of the General Counsel. ‘‘(K) The Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis. ‘‘(L) The Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans. ‘‘(M) The Science and Technology Direc-torate. ‘‘(N) The Office for State and Local Law Enforcement. ‘‘(O) The Privacy Office. ‘‘(P) The Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. ‘‘(Q) Other departmental offices and pro-grams as determined appropriate by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(d) M
EETINGS .—The Board shall— ‘‘(1) meet on a regular basis to discuss in-telligence and coordinate ongoing threat mitigation efforts and departmental activi-ties, including coordination with other Fed-eral, State, local, tribal, territorial, and pri-vate sector partners; and ‘‘(2) make recommendations to the Sec-retary. ‘‘(e) T
ERRORISM ALERTS .—The Board shall advise the Secretary on the issuance of ter-rorism alerts under section 203. ‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— No additional funds are authorized to carry out this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1303, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210H the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 210I. Departmental coordination to counter threats.’’. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, acting through the Chair of the Counter Threats Advisory Board established under section 210I of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3802 June 12, 2018 
subsection (a), shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the status and activities of the Counter Threats Advisory Board. (d) N
OTICE .—The Department of Homeland Security shall provide written notification to and brief the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs and the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives on any changes to or introductions of new mechanisms to coordinate threats across the Department. 
SEC. 1309. BRIEFING ON PHARMACEUTICAL- BASED AGENT THREATS. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office, in con-sultation with other departments and agen-cies of the Federal Government as the As-sistant Secretary considers appropriate, shall brief the appropriate congressional committees on threats related to pharma-ceutical-based agents. The briefing shall in-corporate, and the Assistant Secretary shall update as necessary, any related Terrorism Risk Assessments or Material Threat Assess-ments related to the threat. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of threats from individ-uals or organizations using pharmaceutical- based agents to carry out activities in fur-therance of any act of terrorism; (2) an assessment of materiel and non-ma-teriel capabilities within the Federal Gov-ernment to deter and manage the con-sequences of such an attack; and (3) a strategy to address any identified ca-pability gaps to deter and manage the con-sequences of any act of terrorism using phar-maceutical-based agents. (c) F
ORM OF BRIEFING .—The briefing under subsection (a) may be provided in classified form. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committee’’ has the meaning given that term under section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). (2) P
HARMACEUTICAL -BASED AGENT .—The term ‘‘pharmaceutical-based agent’’ means a chemical, including fentanyl, carfentanil, and related analogues, which affects the cen-tral nervous system and has the potential to be used as a chemical weapon. Subtitle B—Stakeholder Information Sharing 
SEC. 1311. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY FUSION CENTER PARTNERSHIP INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h) is amended— (1) by amending the section heading to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 210A. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY FUSION CENTER PARTNERSHIP INITIATIVE.’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Beginning on the date of en-actment of the Department of Homeland Se-curity Authorization Act, such Initiative shall be known as the ‘Department of Home-land Security Fusion Center Partnership Ini-tiative’.’’; (3) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NTERAGENCY SUPPORT AND COORDINA -
TION.—Through the Department of Homeland Security Fusion Center Partnership Initia-tive, in coordination with principal officials of fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers and the officers designated as the Homeland Security Advisors of the States, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate with the heads of other Federal departments and agencies to provide operational, analytic, and reporting intel-ligence advice and assistance to the National Network of Fusion Centers and to align homeland security intelligence activities with other field based intelligence activities; ‘‘(2) support the integration of fusion cen-ters into the information sharing environ-ment, including by— ‘‘(A) providing for the effective dissemina-tion of information within the scope of the information sharing environment to the Na-tional Network of Fusion Centers; ‘‘(B) conducting outreach to such fusion centers to identify any gaps in information sharing; ‘‘(C) consulting with other Federal agen-cies to develop methods to— ‘‘(i) address any such gaps identified under subparagraph (B), as appropriate; and ‘‘(ii) deploy or access such databases and datasets, as appropriate; and ‘‘(D) review information that is gathered by the National Network of Fusion Centers to identify that which is within the scope of the information sharing environment, in-cluding homeland security information (as defined in section 892), terrorism informa-tion, and weapons of mass destruction infor-mation and incorporate such information, as appropriate, into the Department’s own such information; ‘‘(3) facilitate close communication and co-ordination between the National Network of Fusion Centers and the Department and other Federal departments and agencies; ‘‘(4) facilitate information sharing and ex-pertise from the national cybersecurity and communications integration center under section 2209 to the National Network of Fu-sion Centers; ‘‘(5) coordinate the provision of training and technical assistance, including training on the use of Federal databases and datasets described in paragraph (2), to the National Network of Fusion Centers and encourage participating fusion centers to take part in terrorism threat-related exercises conducted by the Department; ‘‘(6) ensure the dissemination of cyber threat indicators and information about cy-bersecurity risks and incidents to the na-tional Network of Fusion Centers; ‘‘(7) ensure that each fusion center in the National Network of Fusion Centers has a privacy policy approved by the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department and a civil rights and civil liberties policy approved by the Of-ficer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department; ‘‘(8) develop and disseminate best practices on the appropriate levels for staffing at fu-sion centers in the National Network of Fu-sion Centers of qualified representatives from State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement, fire, emergency medical, and emergency management services, and public health disciplines, as well as the private sec-tor; ‘‘(9) to the maximum extent practicable, provide guidance, training, and technical as-sistance to ensure fusion centers operate in accordance with and in a manner that pro-tects privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties afforded by the Constitution of the United States; ‘‘(10) to the maximum extent practicable, provide guidance, training, and technical as-sistance to ensure fusion centers are appro-priately aligned with and able to meaning-fully support Federal homeland security, na-tional security, and law enforcement efforts, including counterterrorism; ‘‘(11) encourage the full participation of the National Network of Fusion Centers in all assessment and evaluation efforts con-ducted by the Department; ‘‘(12) track all Federal funding provided to each fusion center on an individualized basis as well as by funding source; ‘‘(13) ensure that none of the departmental information or data provided or otherwise made available to fusion center personnel is improperly disseminated, accessed for unau-thorized purposes, or otherwise used in a manner inconsistent with Department guid-ance; and ‘‘(14) carry out such other duties as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘PERSONNEL  A
SSIGNMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ESOURCE AL-
LOCATION ’’; (B) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
NFORMATION SHARING AND PERSONNEL  
ASSIGNMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall ensure that, as appropriate— ‘‘(i) fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers have access to homeland security information sharing systems; and ‘‘(ii) Department personnel are deployed to support fusion centers in the National Net-work of Fusion Centers in a manner con-sistent with the mission of the Department. ‘‘(B) P
ERSONNEL ASSIGNMENT .—Department personnel referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) may include the following: ‘‘(i) Intelligence officers. ‘‘(ii) Intelligence analysts. ‘‘(iii) Other liaisons from components and offices of the Department, as appropriate. ‘‘(C) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis shall negotiate memoranda of under-standing between the Department and a State or local government, in coordination with the appropriate representatives from fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers, regarding the exchange of information between the Department and such fusion centers. Such memoranda shall include the following: ‘‘(i) The categories of information to be provided by each entity to the other entity that are parties to any such memoranda. ‘‘(ii) The contemplated uses of the ex-changed information that is the subject of any such memoranda. ‘‘(iii) The procedures for developing joint products. ‘‘(iv) The information sharing dispute reso-lution processes. ‘‘(v) Any protections necessary to ensure the exchange of information accords with ap-plicable law and policies. ‘‘(2) S
OURCES OF SUPPORT .—Information shared and personnel assigned pursuant to paragraph (1) may be shared or provided, as the case may be, by the following Depart-ment components and offices, in coordina-tion with the respective component or office head and in consultation with the principal officials of fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers: ‘‘(A) The Office of Intelligence and Anal-ysis. ‘‘(B) Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity Agency. ‘‘(C) The Transportation Security Adminis-tration. ‘‘(D) U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(E) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement. ‘‘(F) The Coast Guard. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3803 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(G) The national cybersecurity and com-munications integration center under sec-tion 2209. ‘‘(H) Other components or offices of the De-partment, as determined by the Secretary.’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘Q
UALIFYING  
CRITERIA ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ESOURCE ALLOCA -
TION CRITERIA ’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make available criteria for sharing informa-tion and deploying personnel to support a fu-sion center in the National Network of Fu-sion Centers in a manner consistent with the Department’s mission and existing statutory limits.’’; and (D) in paragraph (4)(B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘in which such fusion center is located’’ after ‘‘region’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) assist, in coordination with the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center under section 2209, fusion centers in using information relating to cy-bersecurity risks to develop a comprehensive and accurate threat picture;’’; (D) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘government’’ and inserting ‘‘governments’’; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) use Department information, includ-ing information held by components and of-fices, to develop analysis focused on the mis-sion of the Department under section 101(b).’’; (6) in subsection (e)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the greatest extent practicable, the Secretary shall make it a priority to allocate resources, including de-partmental component personnel with rel-evant expertise, to support the efforts of fu-sion centers along land or maritime borders of the United States to facilitate law en-forcement agency identification, investiga-tion, and interdiction of persons, weapons, and related contraband that pose a threat to homeland security.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘par-ticipating State, local, and regional fusion centers’’ and inserting ‘‘fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers’’; (7) in subsection (j)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (7); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), re-spectively; (C) by inserting before paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(1) the term ‘cybersecurity risk’ has the meaning given such term in section 2209;’’. (D) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (E) by inserting after such paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) the term ‘National Network of Fusion Centers’ means a decentralized arrangement of fusion centers intended to enhance indi-vidual State and urban area fusion centers’ ability to leverage the capabilities and ex-pertise of all fusion centers for the purpose of enhancing analysis and homeland security information sharing nationally; and’’; and (8) by striking subsection (k). (b) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act and an-nually thereafter through 2024, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security shall report to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate on the value of fusion center intelligence prod-ucts and the expenditure of authorized funds for the support and coordination of the Na-tional Network of Fusion Centers as speci-fied in section 210A of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h), as amended by subsection (a). (c) R
EPORT ON FEDERAL DATABASES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress on the Federal databases and datasets that address any gaps identified pursuant to section 210A(b)(2)(B) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a), including databases and datasets used, operated, or managed by De-partment components, the Department of Justice, including the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation and the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration, and the Department of the Treasury, that are appropriate, in accord-ance with Federal laws and policies, for in-clusion in the information sharing environ-ment. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) Section 2103(c)(1) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 623(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘210A(j)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘210A(j)’’. (2) The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 210A and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 210A. Department of Homeland Secu-rity Fusion Center Partnership Initiative.’’. (e) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, rule, or regulation to the Department of Homeland Security State, Local, and Re-gional Fusion Center Initiative shall be deemed to be a reference to the Department of Homeland Security Fusion Center Part-nership Initiative. 
SEC. 1312. FUSION CENTER PERSONNEL NEEDS ASSESSMENT. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an assessment of Department of Homeland Security personnel assigned to fusion centers pursuant to section 210A(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(c)), as amended by this Act, including an assessment of whether deploying addi-tional Department personnel to such fusion centers would enhance the Department’s mission under section 101(b) of such Act (6 U.S.C. 111(b)) and the National Network of Fusion Centers. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment required under this subsection shall include the fol-lowing: (A) Information on the current deployment of the Department’s personnel to each fusion center. (B) Information on the roles and respon-sibilities of the Department’s Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis intelligence officers, in-telligence analysts, senior reports officers, reports officers, and regional directors de-ployed to fusion centers. (C) Information on Federal resources, in addition to personnel, provided to each fu-sion center. (D) An assessment of fusion centers located in jurisdictions along land and maritime bor-ders of the United States, and the degree to which deploying personnel, as appropriate, from U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and the Coast Guard to such fusion centers would enhance the integrity and security at such borders by helping Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement au-thorities to identify, investigate, and inter-dict persons, weapons, and related contra-band that pose a threat to homeland secu-rity. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘fusion center’’ and ‘‘National Network of Fusion Centers’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 210A(j) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)), as amended by this Act. 
SEC. 1313. STRATEGY FOR FUSION CENTERS SUP-PORTING COUNTERNARCOTICS INI-TIATIVES THROUGH INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION SHARING AND ANAL-YSIS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis shall submit to Congress a strategy for how the National Network of Fusion Centers (as defined in sec-tion 210A(j) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)), as amended by this Act) will support law enforcement counter-narcotics activities and investigations through intelligence information sharing and analysis, including providing guidelines and best practices to fusion center leadership and personnel. 
SEC. 1314. PROGRAM FOR STATE AND LOCAL AN-ALYST CLEARANCES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that any program established by the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Se-curity to provide eligibility for access to in-formation classified as Top Secret for State, local, tribal, and territorial analysts located in fusion centers shall be consistent with the need to know requirements pursuant to Ex-ecutive Order No. 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note). (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Anal-ysis of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report on the following: (1) The process by which the Under Sec-retary for Intelligence and Analysis deter-mines a need to know pursuant to Executive Order No. 13526 (50 U.S.C. 3161 note) to spon-sor Top Secret clearances for appropriate State, local, tribal, and territorial analysts located in fusion centers. (2) The effects of such Top Secret clear-ances on enhancing information sharing with State, local, tribal, and territorial partners. (3) The cost for providing such Top Secret clearances for State, local, tribal, and terri-torial analysts located in fusion centers, in-cluding training and background investiga-tions. (4) The operational security protocols, training, management, and risks associated with providing such Top Secret clearances for State, local, tribal, and territorial ana-lysts located in fusion centers. (c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘fusion center’’ has the meaning given the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3804 June 12, 2018 
term in section 210A(j) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)), as amended by this Act. 
SEC. 1315. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ASSESS-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security, in collaboration with the Chief Information Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and representa-tives from the National Network of Fusion Centers, shall conduct an assessment of in-formation systems used to share homeland security information between the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and fusion cen-ters in the National Network of Fusion Cen-ters and make upgrades to such systems, as appropriate. Such assessment shall include the following: (1) An evaluation of the security, accessi-bility, and ease of use of such systems by fu-sion centers in the National Network of Fu-sion Centers. (2) A review to determine how to establish improved interoperability of departmental information systems with existing informa-tion systems used by fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. (3) An evaluation of participation levels of departmental components and offices of in-formation systems used to share homeland security information with fusion centers in the National Network of Fusion Centers. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘fusion center’’ and ‘‘Na-tional Network of Fusion Centers’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 210A(j) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)), as amended by this Act; (2) the term ‘‘homeland security informa-tion’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 892 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 482); and (3) the term ‘‘information systems’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. 
SEC. 1316. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY CLASSIFIED FACILITY INVEN-TORY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall, to the extent prac-ticable— (1) maintain an inventory of those Depart-ment of Homeland Security facilities that the Department certifies to house classified infrastructure or systems at the Secret level and above; (2) update such inventory on a regular basis; and (3) share part or all of such inventory with personnel as determined appropriate by the Secretary of Homeland Security. (b) I
NVENTORY .—The inventory of facilities described in subsection (a) may include— (1) the location of such facilities; (2) the attributes and capabilities of such facilities (including the clearance level of the facility, the square footage of, the total capacity of, the number of workstations in, document storage, and the number of con-ference rooms in, such facilities); (3) the entities that operate such facilities; and (4) the date of establishment of such facili-ties. 
SEC. 1317. TERROR INMATE INFORMATION SHAR-ING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in coordination with the At-torney General and in consultation with other appropriate Federal officials, shall, as appropriate, share with the National Net-work of Fusion Centers through the Depart-ment of Homeland Security Fusion Center Partnership Initiative under section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h), as amended by this Act, as well as other relevant law enforcement entities, re-lease information from a Federal correc-tional facility, including the name, charging date, and expected place and date of release, of certain individuals who may pose a ter-rorist threat. (b) SCOPE.—The information shared under subsection (a) shall be— (1) for homeland security purposes; and (2) regarding individuals convicted of a Federal crime of terrorism (as defined in sec-tion 2332b of title 18, United States Code). (c) P
ERIODIC THREAT ASSESSMENTS .—Con- sistent with the protection of classified in-formation and controlled unclassified infor-mation, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall coordinate with appropriate Federal of-ficials to provide the National Network of Fusion Centers described in subsection (a) with periodic assessments regarding the overall threat from known or suspected ter-rorists currently incarcerated in a Federal correctional facility, including the assessed risks of such populations engaging in ter-rorist activity upon release. (d) P
RIVACY PROTECTIONS .—Prior to imple-menting subsection (a), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall receive input and advice from the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, the Officer for Privacy and the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as requiring the establishment of a list or registry of in-dividuals convicted of terrorism. (f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘fusion center’’ has the meaning given the term in section 210A(j) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 124h(j)), as amended by this Act. 
SEC. 1318. ANNUAL REPORT ON OFFICE FOR STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT. 
Section 2006(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (6); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) R
EPORT .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement shall sub-mit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the activities of the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement. Each such report shall include, for the fiscal year covered by the report, a description of each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Efforts to coordinate and share infor-mation regarding Department and compo-nent agency programs with State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(B) Efforts to improve information shar-ing through the Homeland Security Informa-tion Network by appropriate component agencies of the Department and by State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(C) The status of performance metrics within the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement to evaluate the effectiveness of efforts to carry out responsibilities set forth within this subsection. ‘‘(D) Any feedback from State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies about the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement, including the mechanisms utilized to collect such feedback. ‘‘(E) Efforts to carry out all other respon-sibilities of the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement.’’. SEC. 1319. ANNUAL CATALOG ON DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY TRAINING, PUBLICATIONS, PROGRAMS, AND SERVICES FOR STATE, LOCAL, TRIB-AL, AND TERRITORIAL LAW EN-FORCEMENT AGENCIES. 
Section 2006(b)(4) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(b)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(G) produce an annual catalog that sum-marizes opportunities for training, publica-tions, programs, and services available to State, local, tribal, and territorial law en-forcement agencies from the Department and from each component and office within the Department and, not later than 30 days after the date of such production, dissemi-nate the catalog, including by— ‘‘(i) making such catalog available to State, local, tribal, and territorial law en-forcement agencies, including by posting the catalog on the website of the Department and cooperating with national organizations that represent such agencies; ‘‘(ii) making such catalog available through the Homeland Security Information Network; and ‘‘(iii) submitting such catalog to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(H) in coordination with appropriate com-ponents and offices of the Department and other Federal agencies, develop, maintain, and make available information on Federal resources intended to support fusion center access to Federal information and re-sources.’’. 
SEC. 1320. CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, RADIO-LOGICAL, AND NUCLEAR INTEL-LIGENCE AND INFORMATION SHAR-ING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), as amended by subtitle A of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 210J. CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, RADIO-LOGICAL, AND NUCLEAR INTEL-LIGENCE AND INFORMATION SHAR-ING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Office of Intel-ligence and Analysis of the Department shall— ‘‘(1) support homeland security-focused in-telligence analysis of terrorist actors, their claims, and their plans to conduct attacks involving chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear materials against the United States; ‘‘(2) support homeland security-focused in-telligence analysis of global infectious dis-ease, public health, food, agricultural, and veterinary issues; ‘‘(3) support homeland security-focused risk analysis and risk assessments of the homeland security hazards described in para-graphs (1) and (2), including the transpor-tation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials, by providing relevant quantitative and nonquantitative threat in-formation; ‘‘(4) leverage existing and emerging home-land security intelligence capabilities and structures to enhance prevention, protec-tion, response, and recovery efforts with re-spect to a chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear attack; ‘‘(5) share information and provide tailored analytical support on these threats to State, local, and tribal authorities, other Federal agencies, and relevant national biosecurity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3805 June 12, 2018 
and biodefense stakeholders, as appropriate; and ‘‘(6) perform other responsibilities, as as-signed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION .—Where appropriate, the Office of Intelligence and Analysis shall coordinate with other relevant Department components, including the Countering Weap-ons of Mass Destruction Office, the National Biosurveillance Integration Center, other agencies within the intelligence community, including the National Counter Proliferation Center, and other Federal, State, local, and tribal authorities, including officials from high-threat urban areas, State and major urban area fusion centers, and local public health departments, as appropriate, and en-able such entities to provide recommenda-tions on optimal information sharing mecha-nisms, including expeditious sharing of clas-sified information, and on how such entities can provide information to the Department. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) F
USION CENTER .—The term ‘fusion cen-ter’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 210A. ‘‘(2) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(4) of the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401a(4)). ‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL BIOSECURITY AND BIODEFENSE  
STAKEHOLDERS .—The term ‘national biosecu-rity and biodefense stakeholders’ means offi-cials from Federal, State, local, and tribal authorities and individuals from the private sector who are involved in efforts to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from a biological attack or other phenomena that may have serious health consequences for the United States, including infectious dis-ease outbreaks.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by subtitle A of this title, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 210I the following: ‘‘Sec. 210J. Chemical, biological, radio-logical, and nuclear intel-ligence and information shar-ing.’’. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall report to the appropriate con-gressional committees on— (A) the intelligence and information shar-ing activities under section 210I of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (as added by sub-section (a) of this section) and of all relevant entities within the Department of Homeland Security to counter the threat from attacks using chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear materials; and (B) the Department’s activities in accord-ance with relevant intelligence strategies. (2) A
SSESSMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall in-clude— (A) an assessment of the progress of the Of-fice of Intelligence and Analysis of the De-partment of Homeland Security in imple-menting such section 210I; and (B) a description of the methods estab-lished to carry out such assessment. (3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (4) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-tees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and the Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence of the House of Representatives; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (C) any other committee of the House of Representatives or the Senate having legis-lative jurisdiction under the rules of the House of Representatives or Senate, respec-tively, over the matter concerned. (d) DISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION ANA-
LYZED BY THE DEPARTMENT TO STATE , LOCAL , T
RIBAL , ANDPRIVATE ENTITIES WITHRESPON -
SIBILITIES RELATING TO HOMELAND SECU-
RITY.—Section 201(d)(8) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121(d)(8)) is amended by striking ‘‘and to agencies of State’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘to State, local, and tribal governments and private en-tities with such responsibilities, and, as ap-propriate, to the public, in order to assist in preventing, deterring, or responding to acts of terrorism against the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1321. DUTY TO REPORT. 
(a) D UTY IMPOSED .—Except as provided in subsection (c), whenever an act of terrorism occurs in the United States, it shall be the duty of the primary Government agency in-vestigating such act to submit, in collabora-tion with the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and, as appropriate, the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, an unclassified re-port (which may be accompanied by a classi-fied annex) to Congress concerning such act not later than 1 year after the completion of the investigation. Reports required under this subsection may be combined into a quarterly report to Congress. (b) C
ONTENT OF REPORTS .—Each report under this section shall include— (1) a statement of the facts of the act of terrorism referred to in subsection (a), as known at the time of the report; (2) an explanation of any gaps in national security that could be addressed to prevent future acts of terrorism; (3) any recommendations for additional measures that could be taken to improve homeland security, including potential changes in law enforcement practices or changes in law, with particular attention to changes that could help prevent future acts of terrorism; and (4) a summary of the report for public dis-tribution. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The duty established under subsection (a) shall not apply in instances in which the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, or the head of the National Counterterrorism Center de-termines that the information required to be reported could jeopardize an ongoing inves-tigation or prosecution. In such instances, the principal making such determination shall notify Congress of such determination before the first anniversary of the comple-tion of the investigation described in such subsection. (d) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘‘act of terrorism’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3077 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 1322. STRATEGY FOR INFORMATION SHAR-ING REGARDING NARCOTICS TRAF-FICKING IN INTERNATIONAL MAIL. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in co-ordination with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other Federal agencies, as appropriate, shall sub-mit to Congress a strategy to share counter-narcotics information related to inter-national mail, including information about best practices and known shippers of illegal narcotics, between— (1) Department of Homeland Security com-ponents; (2) the United States Postal Service; (3) express consignment operators; (4) peer-to-peer payment platforms; and (5) other appropriate stakeholders. SEC. 1323. CONSTITUTIONAL LIMITATIONS. 
All intelligence gathering and information sharing activities conducted by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security under this title or an amendment made by this title shall be carried out in accordance with the rights and protections afforded by the Constitution of the United States. TITLE IV—EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND COMMUNICATIONS Subtitle A—Grants, Training, Exercises, and Coordination 
SEC. 1401. URBAN AREA SECURITY INITIATIVE. 
Section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2)(A), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, using the most up-to-date data available,’’ after ‘‘as-sessment’’; (2) in subsection (d)(2), by amending sub-paragraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) F
UNDS RETAINED .—To ensure trans-parency and avoid duplication, a State shall provide each relevant high-risk urban area with a detailed accounting of the items, services, or activities on which any funds re-tained by the State under subparagraph (A) are to be expended. Such accounting shall be provided not later than 90 days after the date on which such funds are retained.’’; and (3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(e) T
HREAT AND HAZARD IDENTIFICATION  R
ISKASSESSMENT AND CAPABILITY ASSESS -
MENT .—As a condition of receiving a grant under this section, each high-risk urban area shall submit to the Administrator a threat and hazard identification and risk assess-ment and capability assessment— ‘‘(1) at such time and in such form as is re-quired by the Administrator; and ‘‘(2) consistent with the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s Comprehensive Preparedness Guide 201, Second Edition, or such successor document or guidance as is issued by the Administrator. ‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Admin-istrator shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. 
SEC. 1402. STATE HOMELAND SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605) is amended by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(f) T
HREAT AND HAZARD IDENTIFICATION  
AND RISKASSESSMENT AND CAPABILITY AS-
SESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-ing a grant under this section, each State shall submit to the Administrator a threat and hazard identification and risk assess-ment and capability assessment— ‘‘(A) at such time and in such form as is re-quired by the Administrator; and ‘‘(B) consistent with the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s Comprehensive Preparedness Guide 201, Second Edition, or such successor document or guidance as is issued by the Administrator. ‘‘(2) C
OLLABORATION .—In developing the threat and hazard identification and risk as-sessment under paragraph (1), a State shall solicit input from local and tribal govern-ments, including first responders, and, as ap-propriate, nongovernmental and private sec-tor stakeholders. ‘‘(3) F
IRST RESPONDERS DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘first responders’— ‘‘(A) means an emergency response pro-vider; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3806 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(B) includes representatives of local gov-ernmental and nongovernmental fire, law en-forcement, emergency management, and emergency medical personnel. ‘‘(g) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Admin-istrator shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. 
SEC. 1403. GRANTS TO DIRECTLY ELIGIBLE TRIBES. 
Section 2005 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 606) is amended by— (1) redesignating subsections (h) through (k) as subsections (i) through (l), respec-tively; and (2) inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(h) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. 
SEC. 1404. LAW ENFORCEMENT TERRORISM PRE-VENTION. 
(a) L AWENFORCEMENT TERRORISM PREVEN -
TION PROGRAM .—Section 2006(a) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘States and high-risk urban areas expend’’ after ‘‘that’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘is used’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-graph (I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) activities as determined appropriate by the Administrator, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement within the Office of Part-nership and Engagement of the Department, through outreach to relevant stakeholder or-ganizations; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement, shall report annually from fiscal year 2018 through fiscal year 2022 on the use of grants under sections 2003 and 2004 for law enforcement terrorism prevention activities authorized under this section, including the percentage and dollar amount of funds used for such ac-tivities and the types of projects funded.’’. (b) O
FFICE FOR STATE AND LOCAL LAWEN-
FORCEMENT .—Section 2006(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 607(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Policy Di-rectorate’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Partner-ship and Engagement’’; and (2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding through consultation with such agencies regarding Department programs that may impact such agencies’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘en-sure’’ and inserting ‘‘verify’’. 
SEC. 1405. PRIORITIZATION. 
Section 2007(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 608(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) its population, including consider-ation of domestic and international tourists, commuters, and military populations, in-cluding military populations residing in communities outside military installa-tions;’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding threat information from other rel-evant Federal agencies and field offices, as appropriate’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (C) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘tar-get’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘target’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’. SEC. 1406. ALLOWABLE USES. 
Section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘target’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’; (B) in paragraph (5), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, pro-vided such emergency communications align with the Statewide Communication Inter-operability Plan and are coordinated with the Statewide Interoperability Coordinator or Statewide interoperability governance body of the State of the recipient’’; (C) by striking paragraph (14); (D) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (13) as paragraphs (8) through (15), respectively; (E) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) enhancing medical preparedness, med-ical surge capacity, and mass prophylaxis ca-pabilities, including the development and maintenance of an initial pharmaceutical stockpile, including medical kits and diagnostics sufficient to protect first re-sponders (as defined in section 2004(f)), their families, immediate victims, and vulnerable populations from a chemical or biological event; ‘‘(7) enhancing cybersecurity, including preparing for and responding to cybersecu-rity risks and incidents (as such terms are defined in section 2209) and developing state-wide cyber threat information analysis and dissemination activities;’’; (F) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Homeland Security Advisory Sys-tem’’ and inserting ‘‘National Terrorism Ad-visory System’’; (G) in paragraph (14), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; and (ii) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (H) in paragraph (15), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘(a)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(a)(12)’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘tar-get’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘target’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’. 
SEC. 1407. APPROVAL OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2008 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609) is amended— (1) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking ‘‘If an applicant’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENT .—If an ap- plicant’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW PROCESS .—The Administrator shall implement a uniform process for re-viewing applications that, in accordance with paragraph (1), contain explanations for a proposal to use grants provided under sec-tion 2003 or 2004 to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any ap-plicable national voluntary consensus stand-ards developed under section 647 of the Post- Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 747). ‘‘(3) F
ACTORS .—In carrying out the review process under paragraph (2), the Adminis-trator shall consider the following: ‘‘(A) Current or past use of proposed equip-ment or systems by Federal agencies or the Armed Forces. ‘‘(B) The absence of a national voluntary consensus standard for such equipment or systems. ‘‘(C) The existence of an international con-sensus standard for such equipment or sys-tems, and whether such equipment or sys-tems meets such standard. ‘‘(D) The nature of the capability gap iden-tified by the applicant, and how such equip-ment or systems will address such gap. ‘‘(E) The degree to which such equipment or systems will serve the needs of the appli-cant better than equipment or systems that meet or exceed existing consensus standards. ‘‘(F) Any other factor determined appro-priate by the Administrator.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) REVIEW PROCESS .—The Administrator shall implement a uniform process for re-viewing applications to use grants provided under section 2003 or 2004 to purchase equip-ment or systems not included on the Author-ized Equipment List maintained by the Ad-ministrator.’’. (b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate a report assess-ing the implementation of the review process established under paragraph (2) of subsection (f) of section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section), including information on the fol-lowing: (1) The number of requests to purchase equipment or systems that do not meet or exceed any applicable national voluntary consensus standard evaluated under such re-view process. (2) The capability gaps identified by appli-cants and the number of such requests grant-ed or denied. (3) The processing time for the review of such requests. 
SEC. 1408. AUTHORITY FOR EXPLOSIVE ORD-NANCE DISPOSAL UNITS TO AC-QUIRE NEW OR EMERGING TECH-NOLOGIES AND CAPABILITIES. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security may authorize an explosive ordnance disposal unit to acquire new or emerging technologies and capabilities that are not specifically pro-vided for in the authorized equipment allow-ance for the unit, as such allowance is set forth in the Authorized Equipment List maintained by the Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. 
SEC. 1409. MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 611 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2024. MEMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING WITH DEPARTMENTAL COMPO-NENTS AND OFFICES REGARDING THE POLICY AND GUIDANCE. 
‘‘The Administrator shall enter into memoranda of understanding with the heads of the following departmental components and offices delineating the roles and respon-sibilities of such components and offices re-garding the policy and guidance for grants under section 1406 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135), sections 2003 and 2004 of this Act, and section 70107 of title 46, United States Code, as appropriate: ‘‘(1) The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(2) The Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration. ‘‘(3) The Commandant of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(4) The Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis. ‘‘(5) The Assistant Director for Emergency Communications. ‘‘(6) The Assistant Secretary for State and Local Law Enforcement. ‘‘(7) The Countering Violent Extremism Coordinator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3807 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(8) The Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties. ‘‘(9) The Chief Medical Officer. ‘‘(10) The heads of other components or of-fices of the Department, as determined by the Secretary.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2023 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2024. Memoranda of understanding with departmental components and offices regarding the policy and guidance.’’. 
SEC. 1410. GRANTS METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To determine the extent to which grants under sections 2003 and 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603, 604) have closed capability gaps identified in State Preparedness Reports re-quired under subsection (c) of section 652 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 752; title VI of the Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2007; Public Law 109–295) and Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessments required under subsections (e) and (f) of such sections 2003 and 2004, re-spectively, as added by this Act, from each State and high-risk urban area, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency shall conduct and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an assessment of information provided in those reports and assessments. (b) A
SSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS .—The as- sessment required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a comparison of successive State Pre-paredness Reports and Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessments that ag-gregates results across the States and high- risk urban areas; and (2) an assessment of the value and useful-ness of State Preparedness Reports and Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessments, including— (A) the degree to which such reports and assessments are data-driven and empirically supported; (B) the degree to which such reports and assessments have informed grant award deci-sions by the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency; (C) the degree to which grant award deci-sions by the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency have demonstrably reduced the risks identified in such reports and assess-ments; (D) the degree to which such reports and assessments align with Federal risk assess-ments, including counterterrorism risk as-sessments, and the degree to which grant award decisions by the Federal Emergency Management Agency have reduced those fed-erally identified risks; (E) the degree to which capability gaps identified in such reports and assessments have been mitigated; and (F) options for improving State Prepared-ness Reports and Threat and Hazard Identi-fication and Risk Assessments so that they better inform and align with grant award de-cisions by the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency. (c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL EVALUATION .—The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report evaluating the assessment conducted by the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency under subsection (a). SEC. 1411. GRANT MANAGEMENT BEST PRAC-TICES. 
The Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall include on the website of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency the following: (1) A summary of findings identified by the Office of the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security in audits of grants under sections 2003 and 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603, 604) and methods to address areas identified for improvement, including opportunities for technical assistance. (2) Innovative projects and best practices instituted by grant recipients. 
SEC. 1412. PROHIBITION ON CONSOLIDATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may not implement the Na-tional Preparedness Grant Program or any successor consolidated grant program unless the Secretary receives prior authorization from Congress permitting such implementa-tion. (b) S
TUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall conduct a study of consolidating preparedness grant pro-grams to— (1) determine if the consolidated grant pro-gram would be more efficient, effective, and cost effective; and (2) assess whether the responsibility for managing the preparedness grant programs should be relocated within the Department of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 1413. MAINTENANCE OF GRANT INVEST-MENTS. 
Section 2008 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609), as amended by section 1407, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(h) M
AINTENANCE OF EQUIPMENT .—Any ap- plicant for a grant under section 2003 or 2004 seeking to use funds to purchase equipment, including pursuant to paragraphs (3), (4), (5), or (12) of subsection (a) of this section, shall by the time of the receipt of such grant de-velop a plan for the maintenance of such equipment over its life-cycle that includes information identifying which entity is re-sponsible for such maintenance.’’. 
SEC. 1414. TRANSIT SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 1406 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1135) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and costs associated with filling the posi-tions of employees receiving training during their absence’’ after ‘‘security training’’; and (2) by striking subsection (m) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(m) P
ERIODS OF PERFORMANCE .—Funds provided pursuant to a grant awarded under this section for a use specified in subsection (b) shall remain available for use by a grant recipient for a period of not fewer than 36 months.’’. 
SEC. 1415. PORT SECURITY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 70107 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by— (1) striking subsection (l); (2) redesignating subsection (m) as sub-section (l); and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(m) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. SEC. 1416. CYBER PREPAREDNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2209 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 1601(g), is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (5)(B), by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding the National Network of Fusion Cen-ters (as defined in section 210A), as appro-priate’’ before the semicolon at the end; (B) in paragraph (7), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘infor-mation and recommendations’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘information, rec-ommendations, and best practices’’; and (C) in paragraph (9), by inserting ‘‘best practices,’’ after ‘‘defensive measures,’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(1)(B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘and State, local, and regional fusion cen-ters (as defined in section 201A), as appro-priate’’ before the semicolon at the end. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that to facilitate the timely dis-semination to appropriate State, local, and private sector stakeholders of homeland se-curity information related to cyber threats, the Secretary of Homeland Security should, to the greatest extent practicable, work to share actionable information in an unclassi-fied form related to such threats. 
SEC. 1417. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2009. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as ‘Operation Stonegarden’. Under such pro-gram, the Secretary, acting through the Ad-ministrator, shall make grants to eligible law enforcement agencies, through the State Administrative Agency, to enhance border security in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a law enforcement agency shall— ‘‘(1) be located in— ‘‘(A) a State bordering either Canada or Mexico; or ‘‘(B) a State or territory with a maritime border; and ‘‘(2) be involved in an active, ongoing U.S. Customs and Border Protection operation co-ordinated through a sector office. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for any of the following: ‘‘(1) Equipment, including maintenance and sustainment costs. ‘‘(2) Personnel costs, including overtime and backfill, directly incurred in support of enhanced border law enforcement activities. ‘‘(3) Any activity permitted for Operation Stonegarden under the Department of Home-land Security’s Fiscal Year 2016 Homeland Security Grant Program Notice of Funding Opportunity. ‘‘(4) Any other appropriate activity, as de-termined by the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months. ‘‘(e) C
OLLECTION OF INFORMATION .—For any fiscal year beginning on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of enactment of this section for which grants are made under Operation Stonegarden, the Administrator shall separately collect and maintain finan-cial information with respect to grants awarded under Operation Stonegarden, which shall include— ‘‘(1) the amount of the awards; ‘‘(2) the amount obligated for the awards; ‘‘(3) the amount of outlays under the awards; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3808 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(4) financial plans with respect to the use of the awards; ‘‘(5) any funding transfers or reallocations; and ‘‘(6) any adjustments to spending plans or reprogramming. ‘‘(f) O
VERSIGHT BY THE ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish and implement guidelines— ‘‘(A) to ensure that amounts made avail-able under Operation Stonegarden are used in accordance with grant guidance and Fed-eral laws; ‘‘(B) to improve program performance re-porting and program performance measure-ments to facilitate designing, implementing, and enforcing procedures under Operation Stonegarden; and ‘‘(C) that require the recording of stand-ardized performance data regarding program output. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate the guide-lines established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(g) F
INANCIAL REVIEW GUIDELINES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall de-velop and implement guidelines establishing procedures for implementing the auditing and reporting requirements under section 2022 with respect to Operation Stonegarden. ‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate the guide-lines established under paragraph (1). ‘‘(h) R
EPORT AND BRIEFING .—The Adminis-trator, in coordination with the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, shall, at least annually during each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report and briefing including— ‘‘(1) for the period covered by the report— ‘‘(A) information on how each recipient of a grant under Operation Stonegarden ex-pended amounts received under the grant; ‘‘(B) a list of all operations carried out using amounts made available under Oper-ation Stonegarden; and ‘‘(C) for each operation described in sub-paragraph (B)— ‘‘(i) whether the operation is active or completed; ‘‘(ii) the targeted purpose of the operation; ‘‘(iii) the location of the operation; and ‘‘(iv) the total number of hours worked by employees of the grant recipient and by em-ployees of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion with respect to the operation, including the number of hours for which such employ-ees received basic pay and the number of hours for which such employees received pre-mium pay, by type of premium pay; and ‘‘(2) in the first report submitted under this subsection— ‘‘(A) an examination of the effects chang-ing the Operation Stonegarden Program to award multi-year grants would have on the mission of the program; and ‘‘(B) the findings and recommendations of the Administrator regarding what changes could improve the program to better serve the program mission, which may include feedback from grant recipients.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Operation Stonegarden.’’. 
SEC. 1418. NON-PROFIT SECURITY GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), as amended by section 1417 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2010. NON-PROFIT SECURITY GRANT PRO-GRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as the ‘Non-Profit Security Grant Program’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’). Under the Program, the Secretary, acting through the Administrator, shall make grants to eligible nonprofit organizations de-scribed in subsection (b), through the State in which such organizations are located, for target hardening and other security en-hancements to protect against terrorist at-tacks. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—Eligible non-profit organizations described in this sub-section (a) are organizations that are— ‘‘(1) described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; and ‘‘(2) determined to be at risk of a terrorist attack by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for any of the following: ‘‘(1) Target hardening activities, including physical security enhancement equipment and inspection and screening systems. ‘‘(2) Fees for security training relating to physical security and cybersecurity, target hardening, terrorism awareness, and em-ployee awareness. ‘‘(3) Any other appropriate activity related to security or security training, as deter-mined by the Administrator. ‘‘(d) A
LLOCATION .—The Administrator shall ensure that not less than an amount equal to 30 percent of the total funds appropriated for grants under the Program for each fiscal year is used for grants to eligible nonprofit organizations described in subsection (b) that are located in jurisdictions not receiv-ing funding under section 2003. ‘‘(e) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Admin-istrator shall make funds provided under this section available for use by a recipient of a grant for a period of not less than 36 months.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (a) of section 2002 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 2003 and 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2003, 2004, and 2010’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1417(b), is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2009 the following: ‘‘Sec. 2010. Non-Profit Security Grant Pro-gram.’’. 
SEC. 1419. STUDY OF THE USE OF GRANT FUNDS FOR CYBERSECURITY. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall conduct a study on the use of grant funds awarded pur-suant to section 2003 and section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604, 605), including information on the following: (1) The amount of grant funds invested or obligated annually during fiscal years 2006 through 2016 to support efforts to prepare for and respond to cybersecurity risks and inci-dents (as such terms are defined in section 2209 of such Act, as so redesignated by sec-tion 1601(g) of this Act). (2) The degree to which grantees identify cybersecurity as a capability gap in the Threat and Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment required under subsections (e) and (f) of sections 2003 and 2004 of such Act (6 U.S.C. 604, 605), as added by this Act. (3) Obstacles and challenges related to using grant funds to improve cybersecurity. (4) Plans for future efforts to encourage grantees to use grant funds to improve cy-bersecurity capabilities. SEC. 1420. JOINT COUNTERTERRORISM AWARE-NESS WORKSHOP SERIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 529. JOINT COUNTERTERRORISM AWARE-NESS WORKSHOP SERIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Director of the Na-tional Counterterrorism Center and the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, shall establish a Joint Counterter-rorism Awareness Workshop Series (in this section referred to as the ‘Workshop Series’) to— ‘‘(1) address emerging terrorist threats; and ‘‘(2) enhance the ability of State and local jurisdictions to prevent, protect against, re-spond to, and recover from terrorist attacks. ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The Workshop Series estab-lished under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) reviewing existing preparedness, re-sponse, and interdiction plans, policies, and procedures related to terrorist attacks of the participating jurisdictions and identifying gaps in those plans, operational capabilities, response resources, and authorities; ‘‘(2) identifying Federal, State, and local resources available to address the gaps iden-tified under paragraph (1); ‘‘(3) providing assistance, through training, exercises, and other means, to build or sus-tain, as appropriate, the capabilities to close those identified gaps; ‘‘(4) examining the roles and responsibil-ities of participating agencies and respective communities in the event of a terrorist at-tack; ‘‘(5) improving situational awareness and information sharing among all participating agencies in the event of a terrorist attack; and ‘‘(6) identifying and sharing best practices and lessons learned from the Workshop Se-ries. ‘‘(c) D
ESIGNATION OF PARTICIPATING CIT-
IES.—The Administrator shall select jurisdic-tions to host a Workshop Series from those cities that— ‘‘(1) are currently receiving, or that pre-viously received, funding under section 2003; and ‘‘(2) have requested to be considered. ‘‘(d) W
ORKSHOP SERIES PARTICIPANTS .—In- dividuals from State and local jurisdictions and emergency response providers in cities designated under subsection (c) shall be eli-gible to participate in the Workshop Series, including— ‘‘(1) senior elected and appointed officials; ‘‘(2) law enforcement; ‘‘(3) fire and rescue; ‘‘(4) emergency management; ‘‘(5) emergency medical services; ‘‘(6) public health officials; ‘‘(7) private sector representatives; ‘‘(8) representatives of nonprofit organiza-tions; and ‘‘(9) other participants as deemed appro-priate by the Administrator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3809 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(e) R EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) W
ORKSHOP SERIES REPORT .—The Ad- ministrator, in consultation with the Direc-tor of the National Counterterrorism Center, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, and officials from the city in which a Workshop Series is held, shall develop and submit to all of the agencies participating in the Workshop Series a report after the con-clusion of the Workshop Series that address-es— ‘‘(A) key findings about lessons learned and best practices from the Workshop Series; and ‘‘(B) potential mitigation strategies and resources to address gaps identified during the Workshop Series. ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this sec-tion and annually thereafter for 5 years, the Administrator, in consultation with the Di-rector of the National Counterterrorism Cen-ter and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a comprehensive summary report of the key themes, lessons learned, and best practices identified during the Workshop Series held during the previous year. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out this sec-tion.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 528 the following: ‘‘Sec. 529. Joint Counterterrorism Aware-ness Workshop Series.’’. 
SEC. 1421. EXERCISE ON TERRORIST AND FOR-EIGN FIGHTER TRAVEL; NATIONAL EXERCISE PROGRAM. 
(a) E XERCISE ON TERRORIST AND FOREIGN  F
IGHTER TRAVEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to, or as part of, exercise programs carried out by the De-partment of Homeland Security as of the date of enactment of this Act, to enhance do-mestic preparedness for and collective re-sponse to terrorism, promote the dissemina-tion of homeland security information, and test the security posture of the United States, the Secretary of Homeland Security, through appropriate offices and components of the Department of Homeland Security and in coordination with the relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, shall, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, develop and conduct an exercise related to the terrorist and foreign fighter threat. (2) E
XERCISE REQUIREMENTS .—The exercise required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a scenario involving— (i) persons traveling from the United States to join or provide material support or resources to a terrorist organization abroad; and (ii) terrorist infiltration into the United States, including United States citizens and foreign nationals; and (B) coordination with relevant Federal de-partments and agencies, foreign govern-ments, and State, local, tribal, territorial, and private sector stakeholders. (3) R
EPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the completion of the exercise required under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Home-land Security shall, consistent with the pro-tection of classified information, submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives an after-action re-port presenting the initial findings of the ex-ercise, including any identified or potential vulnerabilities in United States defenses and any legislative changes requested in light of the findings. (B) FORM.—The report required under sub-paragraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. (b) E
MERGING THREATS IN THE NATIONAL  E
XERCISE PROGRAM .—Section 648(b)(2)(A) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 748(b)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding after clause (vi) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vii) designed, to the extent practicable, to include exercises addressing emerging ter-rorist threats, such as scenarios involving United States citizens departing the United States to enlist with or provide material support or resources to terrorist organiza-tions abroad or terrorist infiltration into the United States, including United States citi-zens and foreign nationals; and’’. (c) N
OADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this section and the amendments made by this section. The re-quirements of this section and the amend-ments made by this section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
SEC. 1422. GRANTS ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Section 2022 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6. U.S.C. 612) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Department’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Department’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—With re- spect to each grant awarded, the Inspector General of the Department may— ‘‘(I) examine any records of the contractor or grantee, any of its subcontractors or sub-grantees, or any State or local agency or other entity in receipt of or administering any grant awarded, that pertain to, and in-volve transactions relating to the contract, subcontract, grant, or subgrant; and ‘‘(II) interview any officer or employee of the contractor or grantee, any of its sub-contractors or subgrantees, or any State or local agency or other entity in receipt of or administering any grant awarded, regarding transactions relating to the contract, sub-contract, grant, or subgrant. ‘‘(iii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in clause (ii) may be construed to limit or re-strict the authority of the Inspector General of the Department.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘a grant under section 2003 or 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘a covered grant, any recipient, including’’; (II) by inserting a comma after ‘‘tribe’’; and (III) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary, as ap-propriate under the covered grant,’’ after ‘‘Administrator’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘recipient, including any’’ after ‘‘for the applicable’’; (II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘section 2003 or 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘the covered grant’’; (III) in clause (ii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 2003 or 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘the covered grant’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (IV) in clause (iii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘summary’’ and inserting ‘‘detailed’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘such funds’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘such funds, includ-ing— ‘‘(I) the name of the recipient and the project or activity; ‘‘(II) a detailed description of the project or activity; ‘‘(III) an evaluation of the completion sta-tus of the project or activity; ‘‘(IV) in the case of an infrastructure in-vestment— ‘‘(aa) the purpose, total expected cost, and rationale for funding the infrastructure in-vestment with funds made available; and ‘‘(bb) the name of the point of contact for the recipient if there are questions con-cerning the infrastructure investment; and ‘‘(V) detailed information from each sub-grantee, including the information described in subparagraphs (I) through (IV), on any subgrant awarded by the recipient; and’’; and (V) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) the total amount of funds received to date under each covered grant.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A) by a’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) by any re-cipient, including any’’; (bb) by inserting a comma after ‘‘tribe’’; and (cc) by inserting ‘‘, in addition to the con-tents required under subparagraph (B)’’ after ‘‘shall include’’; (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘total’’ before ‘‘amount’’; and (bb) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in clause (iii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘apply within’’ and insert-ing ‘‘apply to or within any recipient, includ-ing’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-riod; and (IV) by striking clause (iv); and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) REQUIRED REPORTING FOR PRIOR AWARD -
ED GRANTS .—Not later than 180 days after the end of the quarter following the date of en-actment of this paragraph, each recipient of a covered grant awarded before the date of enactment of this paragraph shall provide the information required under this sub-section and thereafter comply with the re-quirements of this subsection. ‘‘(4) A
SSISTANCE IN REPORTING .—The Ad- ministrator or the Secretary, as appropriate under the covered grant, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, shall provide for user- friendly means for grant recipients to com-ply with the reporting requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(5) S
UBGRANTEE REPORTING .—Each grant recipient required to report information under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)(V) shall register with the System for Award Management database or complete other registration re-quirements as determined necessary by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(6) P
UBLICATION OF INFORMATION .—Not later than 7 days after the date on which the Administrator or the Secretary, as the case may be, receives the reports required to be submitted under this subsection, the Admin-istrator and the Secretary shall make the in-formation in the reports publicly available, in a searchable database, on the website of the Federal Emergency Management Agency or Department, as appropriate. ‘‘(7) C
OVERED GRANT DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘covered grant’ means a grant awarded under— ‘‘(A) this Act; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3810 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(B) a program described in paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 2002(b) that is adminis-tered by the Department.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
UNSET AND DISPOSITION OF UNEX-
PENDED GRANT AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as may be other-wise provided in the authorizing statute of a grant program, effective on the date that is 5 years after the date on which grant funds are distributed by the Administrator or the Secretary, as appropriate, under a covered grant (as defined in subsection (b)(7)), the au-thority of a covered grant recipient, includ-ing any grantee or subgrantee, to obligate, provide, make available, or otherwise expend those funds is terminated. ‘‘(2) R
ETURN OF UNEXPENDED GRANT  
AMOUNTS .—Upon the termination of author-ity under paragraph (1), any grant amounts that have not been expended shall be re-turned to the Administrator or the Sec-retary, as the case may be. The Adminis-trator or the Secretary, as the case may be, shall deposit any grant amounts returned under this paragraph in the General Fund of the Treasury in accordance with section 3302 of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(3) A
WARDS TO RECIPIENTS RETURNING  
GRANT FUNDS .—On and after the date on which the authority of a covered grant re-cipient is terminated under paragraph (1) with respect to a grant under a covered grant program, the Administrator or the Sec-retary, as appropriate, may award a grant under the covered grant program to the cov-ered grant recipient, only pursuant to the submission of a new grant application, in ac-cordance with the requirements of the grant program. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY .—This subsection shall apply to any grant awarded under a covered grant program on or after the date of enact-ment of this subsection.’’. Subtitle B—Communications 
SEC. 1431. RESPONSIBILITIES OF ASSISTANT DI-RECTOR FOR EMERGENCY COMMU-NICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1801(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 571(c)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (3); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (14) as paragraphs (3) through (13), respec-tively; (3) by redesignating paragraph (15) as para-graph (16); (4) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘, in cooperation with the National Communications System,’’; (5) in paragraph (11), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Grants and Training’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy’’; (6) in paragraph (13), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (7) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(14) administer the Government Emer-gency Telecommunications Service (GETS) and Wireless Priority Service (WPS) pro-grams, or successor programs; ‘‘(15) assess the impact of emerging tech-nologies on interoperable emergency com-munications; and’’. (b) P
ERFORMANCE OF PREVIOUSLY TRANS -
FERRED FUNCTIONS .—Section 1801(d) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 571(d)) is amended by— (1) striking paragraph (2); and (2) redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). SEC. 1432. ANNUAL REPORTING ON ACTIVITIES OF THE EMERGENCY COMMUNICA-TIONS DIVISION. 
Section 1801(f) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 571(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORTING OF DIVISION ACTIVI -
TIES.—The Assistant Director for Emergency Communications shall, not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this sub-section and annually thereafter for each of the next 4 years, report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate on the activities and programs of the Emergency Communications Division, including specific information on efforts to carry out paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) of sub-section (c).’’. 
SEC. 1433. NATIONAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICA-TIONS PLAN. 
Section 1802 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 572) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘, and in cooperation with the Department of National Communications System (as appropriate),’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, but not less than once every 5 years,’’ after ‘‘periodically’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (10) as paragraphs (4) through (11), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) consider the impact of emerging tech-nologies on the attainment of interoperable emergency communications;’’. 
SEC. 1434. TECHNICAL EDIT. 
Section 1804(b)(1) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 574(b)(1)) is amend-ed, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Grants and Planning’’ and inserting ‘‘Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency’’. 
SEC. 1435. COMMUNICATIONS TRAINING. 
The Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security, in co-ordination with the appropriate component heads, shall develop a mechanism, consistent with the strategy required pursuant to sec-tion 4 of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Interoperable Communications Act (Public Law 114–29; 6 U.S.C. 194 note), to verify that radio users within the Depart-ment receive initial and ongoing training on the use of the radio systems of such compo-nents, including interagency radio use proto-cols. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 1451. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE V.—Title V of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) In section 501 (6 U.S.C. 311)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (14) as paragraphs (10) through (15), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(9) the term ‘Nuclear Incident Response Team’ means a resource that includes— ‘‘(A) those entities of the Department of Energy that perform nuclear or radiological emergency support functions (including acci-dent response, search response, advisory, and technical operations functions), radiation exposure functions at the medical assistance facility known as the Radiation Emergency Assistance Center/Training Site (REAC/TS), radiological assistance functions, and re-lated functions; and ‘‘(B) those entities of the Environmental Protection Agency that perform such sup-port functions (including radiological emer-gency response functions) and related func-tions.’’. (2) By striking section 502 (6 U.S.C. 312). (3) In section 504(a)(3)(B) (6 U.S.C. 314(a)(3)(B)), by striking ‘‘, the National Dis-aster Medical System,’’. (4) In section 506 (6 U.S.C. 316)— (A) by striking subsection (b); (B) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c) respectively; and (C) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 708’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 707’’. (5) In section 509(c)(2) (6 U.S.C. 319(c)(2)), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 708’’ and inserting ‘‘section 707’’. (b) TITLE XX.—Title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2001 (6 U.S.C. 601)— (A) by striking paragraph (13); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (12) as paragraphs (4) through (13), respectively; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) C
ORE CAPABILITIES .—The term ‘core ca-pabilities’ means the capabilities for Fed-eral, State, local, and tribal government pre-paredness for which guidelines are required to be established under section 646(a) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 746(a)).’’; (2) in subsection (k)(1) of section 2005 (6 U.S.C. 606), as so redesignated by section 1403, by striking ‘‘target’’ and inserting ‘‘core’’; and (3) in section 2021(d)(3) (6 U.S.C. 611(d)(3)), by striking ‘‘target’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘core’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTING RECOMMENDATIONS OF  
THE 9/11 C OMMISSION ACT OF 2007.—Section 1204 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1102) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘Res-cue’’ and inserting ‘‘Recovery’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘Res-cue’’ and inserting ‘‘Recovery’’. TITLE V—FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY 
SEC. 1501. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘FEMA Re-authorization Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1502. REAUTHORIZATION OF FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGEN-CY. 
Section 699 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 811) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘administration and oper-ations’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘management and administration’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) for fiscal year 2018, $1,049,000,000; ‘‘(5) for fiscal year 2019, $1,065,784,000; and ‘‘(6) for fiscal year 2020, $1,082,836,544.’’. 
SEC. 1503. NATIONAL DOMESTIC PREPAREDNESS CONSORTIUM. 
Section 1204 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1102) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘to the extent practicable, provide training in set-tings that simulate real response environ-ments, such as urban areas,’’ after ‘‘levels,’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking para-graphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) for the Center for Domestic Prepared-ness— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3811 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(A) $63,939,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(B) $64,962,024 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(C) $66,001,416 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(2) for the members of the National Do-mestic Preparedness Consortium described in paragraphs (2) through (7) of subsection (b)— ‘‘(A) $101,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(B) $102,606,000 for fiscal year 2019; and ‘‘(C) $104,247,856 for fiscal year 2020.’’; and (3) in subsection (e)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘each of the following enti-ties’’ and inserting ‘‘members of the Na-tional Domestic Preparedness Consortium enumerated in subsection (b)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2007—’’ and inserting ‘‘2015.’’ and (B) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5). 
SEC. 1504. RURAL DOMESTIC PREPAREDNESS CONSORTIUM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security is authorized to establish a Rural Domestic Preparedness Consortium within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity consisting of universities and nonprofit organizations qualified to provide training to emergency response providers (as defined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101)) from rural communities (as defined by the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency). (b) D
UTIES .—The Rural Domestic Prepared-ness Consortium authorized under subsection (a) shall identify, develop, test, and deliver training to State, local, and tribal emer-gency response providers from rural commu-nities, provide on-site and mobile training, and facilitate the delivery of training by the training partners of the Department of Homeland Security. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Of amounts appropriated for Continuing Train-ing Grants of the Department of Homeland Security, $5,000,000 is authorized to be used for the Rural Domestic Preparedness Consor-tium authorized under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1505. CENTER FOR FAITH-BASED AND NEIGHBORHOOD PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.), as amended by section 1420 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 530. CENTER FOR FAITH-BASED AND NEIGHBORHOOD PARTNERSHIPS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in the Agency a Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, headed by a Di-rector appointed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Center shall be to develop and coordinate depart-mental outreach efforts with faith-based and community organizations and serve as a liai-son between those organizations and compo-nents of the Department for activities re-lated to securing facilities, emergency pre-paredness and response, and combating human trafficking. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In support of the mission of the Center for Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, the Director shall— ‘‘(1) develop exercises that engage faith- based and community organizations to test capabilities for all hazards, including active shooter incidents; ‘‘(2) coordinate the delivery of guidance and training to faith-based and community organizations related to securing their facili-ties against natural disasters, acts of ter-rorism, and other man-made disasters; ‘‘(3) conduct outreach to faith-based and community organizations regarding guid-ance, training, and exercises and depart-mental capabilities available to assist faith- based and community organizations to se-cure their facilities against natural disas-ters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters; ‘‘(4) facilitate engagement and coordina-tion among the emergency management community and faith-based and community organizations; ‘‘(5) deliver training and technical assist-ance to faith-based and community organiza-tions and provide subject-matter expertise related to anti-human trafficking efforts to help communities successfully partner with other components of the Blue Campaign of the Department; and ‘‘(6) perform any other duties as assigned by the Administrator.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1420, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 529 the following: ‘‘Sec. 530. Center For Faith-Based And Neighborhood Partnerships.’’. 
SEC. 1506. EMERGENCY SUPPORT FUNCTIONS. 
(a) U PDATE .—Paragraph (14) of section 504(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 314(a)), as so redesignated by section 1520, is amended by inserting ‘‘, periodically updating (but not less often than once every 5 years),’’ after ‘‘administering’’. (b) E
MERGENCY SUPPORT FUNCTIONS .—Sec- tion 653 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Man-agement Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 753) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION .—The President, acting through the Administrator, shall develop and provide to Federal departments and agencies with coordinating, primary, or sup-porting responsibilities under the National Response Framework performance metrics to ensure readiness to execute responsibil-ities under the emergency support functions of the National Response Framework.’’. 
SEC. 1507. REVIEW OF NATIONAL INCIDENT MAN-AGEMENT SYSTEM. 
Section 509(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 319(b)(2)) is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, but not less often than once every 5 years,’’ after ‘‘periodically’’. 
SEC. 1508. REMEDIAL ACTION MANAGEMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 650 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 750) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 650. REMEDIAL ACTION MANAGEMENT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in coordination with the National Council on Disability and the National Advisory Coun-cil, shall establish a remedial action man-agement program to— ‘‘(1) analyze training, exercises, and real world events to identify lessons learned, cor-rective actions, and best practices; ‘‘(2) generate and disseminate, as appro-priate, the lessons learned, corrective ac-tions, and best practices described in para-graph (1); and ‘‘(3) conduct remedial action tracking and long-term trend analysis. ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL CORRECTIVE ACTIONS .—The Administrator, in coordination with the heads of appropriate Federal departments and agencies, shall— ‘‘(1) utilize the program established under subsection (a) to collect information on cor-rective actions identified by such Federal de-partments and agencies during exercises and the response to natural disasters, acts of ter-rorism, and other man-made disasters; and ‘‘(2) not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the FEMA Reauthorization Act of 2018 and annually thereafter for each of the next 4 years, submit to Congress a re-port on the status of those corrective ac-tions. ‘‘(c) DISSEMINATION OF AFTER ACTION RE-
PORTS .—The Administrator shall provide electronically, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, to Congress and Federal, State, local, tribal, and private sector officials after-action reports and information on les-sons learned and best practices from re-sponses to acts of terrorism, natural disas-ters, capstone exercises conducted under the national exercise program under section 648(b), and other emergencies or exercises.’’. 
SEC. 1509. CENTER FOR DOMESTIC PREPARED-NESS. 
The Administrator of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall— (1) develop an implementation plan, in-cluding benchmarks and milestones, to ad-dress the findings and recommendations of the 2017 Management Review Team that issued a report on May 8, 2017, regarding live agent training at the Chemical, Ordnance, Biological and Radiological Training Facil-ity; and (2) provide to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate updates and information on efforts to implement recommendations related to the management review of the Chemical, Ordnance, Biological, and Radio-logical Training Facility of the Center for Domestic Preparedness of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, including, as necessary, information on additional re-sources or authority needed to implement such recommendations. 
SEC. 1510. FEMA SENIOR LAW ENFORCEMENT AD-VISOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.), as amended by section 1505 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 531. SENIOR LAW ENFORCEMENT ADVISOR. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall appoint a Senior Law Enforcement Ad-visor to serve as a qualified expert to the Ad-ministrator for the purpose of strengthening the Agency’s coordination among State, local, and tribal law enforcement. ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Senior Law En-forcement Advisor shall have an appropriate background with experience in law enforce-ment, information sharing, and other emer-gency response functions. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Senior Law Enforcement Advisor shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate on behalf of the Adminis-trator with the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement under section 2006 for the purpose of ensuring State, local, and tribal law enforcement receive consistent and ap-propriate consideration in policies, guidance, training, and exercises related to preventing, preparing for, protecting against, and re-sponding to natural disasters, acts of ter-rorism, and other man-made disasters within the United States; ‘‘(2) work with the Administrator and the Office for State and Local Law Enforcement under section 2006 to ensure grants to State, local, and tribal government agencies, in-cluding programs under sections 2003, 2004, and 2006(a), appropriately focus on terrorism prevention activities; and ‘‘(3) serve other appropriate functions as determined by the Administrator.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135), as amended by section 1505, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 530 the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3812 June 12, 2018 
‘‘Sec. 531. Senior Law Enforcement Advi-sor.’’. 
SEC. 1511. TECHNICAL EXPERT AUTHORIZED. 
Section 503(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 313(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) identify and integrate the needs of children into activities to prepare for, pro-tect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate against natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other man-made disasters, in-cluding catastrophic incidents, including by appointing a technical expert, who may con-sult with relevant outside organizations and experts, as necessary, to coordinate such ac-tivities, as necessary.’’. 
SEC. 1512. MISSION SUPPORT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall designate an individual to serve as the chief management official and principal ad-visor to the Administrator on matters re-lated to the management of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, including management integration in support of emer-gency management operations and programs. (b) M
ISSION AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, acting through the of-ficial designated pursuant to subsection (a), shall be responsible for the management and administration of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, including with respect to the following: (1) Procurement. (2) Human resources and personnel. (3) Information technology and commu-nications systems. (4) Real property investment and planning, facilities, accountable personal property (in-cluding fleet and other material resources), records and disclosure, privacy, safety and health, and sustainability and environ-mental management. (5) Security for personnel, information technology and communications systems, fa-cilities, property, equipment, and other ma-terial resources. (6) Any other management duties that the Administrator may designate. (c) M
OUNT WEATHER EMERGENCY OPER-
ATIONS AND ASSOCIATED FACILITIES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting or otherwise affecting the role or responsi-bility of the Assistant Administrator for Na-tional Continuity Programs with respect to the matters described in subsection (b) as such matters relate to the Mount Weather Emergency Operations Center and associated facilities. The management and administra-tion of the Mount Weather Emergency Oper-ations Center and associated facilities re-main the responsibility of the Assistant Ad-ministrator for National Continuity Pro-grams. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report that includes— (1) a review of financial, human capital, in-formation technology, real property plan-ning, and acquisition management of head-quarters and all regional offices of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency; and (2) a strategy for capturing financial, human capital, information technology, real property planning, and acquisition data. SEC. 1513. STRATEGIC HUMAN CAPITAL PLAN. 
Section 10102(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2007’’ and in-serting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 1514. OFFICE OF DISABILITY INTEGRATION AND COORDINATION OF DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
(a) O FFICE OF DISABILITY INTEGRATION AND  C
OORDINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 513 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321b) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 513. OFFICE OF DISABILITY INTEGRATION AND COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established within the Agency an Office of Disability In-tegration and Coordination (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’), which shall be headed by a Director. ‘‘(b) M
ISSION .—The mission of the Office is to ensure that individuals with disabilities and other access and functional needs are in-cluded in emergency management activities throughout the Agency by providing guid-ance, tools, methods, and strategies for the purpose of equal physical program and effec-tive communication access. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—In support of the mission of the Office, the Director shall— ‘‘(1) provide guidance and coordination on matters related to individuals with disabil-ities in emergency planning requirements and relief efforts in the event of a natural disaster, act of terrorism, or other man- made disaster; ‘‘(2) oversee Office employees responsible for disability integration in each regional of-fice with respect to carrying out the mission of the Office; ‘‘(3) liaise with other employees of the Agency, including nonpermanent employees, organizations representing individuals with disabilities, other agencies of the Federal Government, and State, local, and tribal government authorities regarding the needs of individuals with disabilities in emergency planning requirements and relief efforts in the event of a natural disaster, act of ter-rorism, or other man-made disaster; ‘‘(4) coordinate with the technical expert on the needs of children within the Agency to provide guidance and coordination on matters related to children with disabilities in emergency planning requirements and re-lief efforts in the event of a natural disaster, act of terrorism, or other man-made dis-aster; ‘‘(5) consult with organizations rep-resenting individuals with disabilities about access and functional needs in emergency planning requirements and relief efforts in the event of a natural disaster, act of ter-rorism, or other man-made disaster; ‘‘(6) ensure the coordination and dissemi-nation of best practices and model evacu-ation plans for individuals with disabilities; ‘‘(7) collaborate with Agency leadership re-sponsible for training to ensure that quali-fied experts develop easily accessible train-ing materials and a curriculum for the train-ing of emergency response providers, State, local, and tribal government officials, and others on the needs of individuals with dis-abilities; ‘‘(8) coordinate with the Emergency Man-agement Institute, the Center for Domestic Preparedness, Center for Homeland Defense and Security, the United States Fire Admin-istration, the national exercise program de-scribed in section 648(b) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 748(b)), and the National Domestic Preparedness Consortium to ensure that con-tent related to persons with disabilities, ac-cess and functional needs, and children are integrated into existing and future emer-gency management trainings; ‘‘(9) promote the accessibility of telephone hotlines and websites regarding emergency preparedness, evacuations, and disaster re-lief; ‘‘(10) work to ensure that video program-ming distributors, including broadcasters, cable operators, and satellite television serv-ices, make emergency information accessible to individuals with hearing and vision dis-abilities; ‘‘(11) ensure the availability of accessible transportation options for individuals with disabilities in the event of an evacuation; ‘‘(12) provide guidance and implement poli-cies to ensure that the rights and feedback of individuals with disabilities regarding post- evacuation residency and relocation are re-spected; ‘‘(13) ensure that meeting the needs of indi-viduals with disabilities are included in the components of the national preparedness system established under section 644 of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 744); and ‘‘(14) perform any other duties as assigned by the Administrator. ‘‘(d) DIRECTOR .—After consultation with organizations representing individuals with disabilities, the Administrator shall appoint a Director. The Director shall report directly to the Administrator, in order to ensure that the needs of individuals with disabilities are being properly addressed in emergency pre-paredness and disaster relief. ‘‘(e) O
RGANIZATIONS REPRESENTING INDIVID -
UALS WITHDISABILITIES DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘organizations representing individuals with disabilities’ means the National Council on Disabilities, the Interagency Coordinating Council on Preparedness and Individuals with Disabil-ities, and other appropriate disability orga-nizations.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 513 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘513. Office of Disability Integration and Co-ordination.’’. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the funding and staffing needs of the Office of Disability In-tegration and Coordination under section 513 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1515. MANAGEMENT COSTS. 
Section 324 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5165b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘any ad-ministrative expense, and any other expense not directly chargeable to’’ and inserting ‘‘direct administrative cost, and any other administrative expense associated with’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by striking ‘‘establish’’ and inserting ‘‘imple-ment’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIC MANAGEMENT COSTS .—The Ad- ministrator shall provide for management costs, in addition to the eligible project costs, to cover direct and indirect costs of administering the following programs: ‘‘(A) H
AZARD MITIGATION .—A grantee under section 404 may be reimbursed for direct and indirect administrative costs in a total amount of not more than 15 percent of the total amount of the grant award under such section of which not more than 10 percent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3813 June 12, 2018 
may be used by the grantee and 5 percent by the subgrantee for such costs. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC ASSISTANCE .—A grantee under sections 403, 406, 407, and 502 may be reim-bursed direct and indirect administrative costs in a total amount of not more than 12 percent of the total award amount under such sections, of which not more than 7 per-cent may be used by the grantee and 5 per-cent by the subgrantee for such costs.’’. 
SEC. 1516. PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES. 
Section 306 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5149) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency may ap-point temporary personnel, after serving continuously for 3 years, to positions in the Federal Emergency Management Agency in the same manner that competitive service employees with competitive status are con-sidered for transfer, reassignment, or pro-motion to such positions. An individual ap-pointed under this subsection shall become a career-conditional employee, unless the em-ployee has already completed the service re-quirements for career tenure.’’. 
SEC. 1517. STUDY TO STREAMLINE AND CONSOLI-DATE INFORMATION COLLECTION. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall— (1) in coordination with the Small Business Administration, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and other appro-priate agencies, conduct a study and develop a plan, consistent with law, under which the collection of information from disaster as-sistance applicants and grantees will be modified, streamlined, expedited, consoli-dated, and simplified to be less burdensome, duplicative, and time consuming, and more efficient and flexible, for applicants and grantees; (2) in coordination with the Small Business Administration, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and other appro-priate agencies, develop a plan for the reg-ular collection and reporting of information on Federal disaster assistance awarded, in-cluding the establishment and maintenance of a website for presenting the information to the public; and (3) submit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate— (A) the plans developed under paragraphs (1) and (2); and (B) recommendations, if any, of the Admin-istrator for legislative changes to streamline or consolidate the collection or reporting of information, as described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
SEC. 1518. AGENCY ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 430. AGENCY ACCOUNTABILITY. 
‘‘(a) P UBLIC ASSISTANCE .—Not later than 5 days after the date on which an award of a public assistance grant is made under sec-tion 406 that is in excess of $1,000,000, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘Administrator’) shall publish on the website of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘Agency’) the specifics of each such grant award, including identifying— ‘‘(1) the Federal Emergency Management Agency Region; ‘‘(2) the major disaster or emergency dec-laration number; ‘‘(3) the State, county, and applicant name; ‘‘(4) if the applicant is a private nonprofit organization; ‘‘(5) the damage category code; ‘‘(6) the amount of the Federal share obli-gated; and ‘‘(7) the date of the award. ‘‘(b) MISSION ASSIGNMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 days after the date on which a mission assign-ment or mission assignment task order is issued under section 402(1) or section 502(a)(1), the Administrator shall publish on the website of the Agency any mission as-signment or mission assignment task order to another Federal department or agency re-garding a major disaster in excess of $1,000,000, including— ‘‘(A) the name of the impacted State or In-dian tribe; ‘‘(B) the major disaster declaration for such State or Indian tribe; ‘‘(C) the assigned agency; ‘‘(D) the assistance requested; ‘‘(E) a description of the major disaster; ‘‘(F) the total cost estimate; ‘‘(G) the amount obligated; ‘‘(H) the State or tribal cost share, if appli-cable; ‘‘(I) the authority under which the mission assignment or mission assignment task order was directed; and ‘‘(J) if applicable, the date on which a State or Indian tribe requested the mission assignment. ‘‘(2) R
ECORDING CHANGES .—Not later than 10 days after the last day of each month until a mission assignment or mission as-signment task order described in paragraph (1) is completed and closed out, the Adminis-trator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obligated. ‘‘(c) D
ISASTER RELIEF MONTHLY REPORT .— Not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Administrator shall publish reports on the website of the Agency, includ-ing a specific description of the methodology and the source data used in developing such reports, including— ‘‘(1) an estimate of the amounts for the fis-cal year covered by the President’s most re-cent budget pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, including— ‘‘(A) the unobligated balance of funds to be carried over from the prior fiscal year to the budget year; ‘‘(B) the unobligated balance of funds to be carried over from the budget year to the year after the budget year; ‘‘(C) the amount of obligations for non-catastrophic events for the budget year; ‘‘(D) the amount of obligations for the budget year for catastrophic events, as de-fined under the National Response Frame-work, delineated by event and by State; ‘‘(E) the total amount that has been pre-viously obligated or will be required for cat-astrophic events delineated by event and by State for all prior years, the current fiscal year, the budget year, and each fiscal year thereafter; ‘‘(F) the amount of previously obligated funds that will be recovered for the budget year; ‘‘(G) the amount that will be required for obligations for emergencies, major disasters, fire management assistance grants, as de-scribed in section 420, surge activities, and disaster readiness and support activities; and ‘‘(H) the amount required for activities not covered under section 251(b)(2)(D)(iii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)(iii)); ‘‘(2) a summary of the amount for disaster relief of— ‘‘(A) appropriations made available by source; ‘‘(B) the transfers executed; ‘‘(C) the previously allocated funds recov-ered; and ‘‘(D) the commitments, allocations, and obligations made; ‘‘(3) a table of disaster relief activity delin-eated by month, including— ‘‘(A) the beginning and ending balances; ‘‘(B) the total obligations to include amounts obligated for fire assistance, emer-gencies, surge, and disaster support activi-ties; ‘‘(C) the obligations for catastrophic events delineated by event and by State; and ‘‘(D) the amount of previously obligated funds that are recovered; ‘‘(4) a summary of allocations, obligations, and expenditures for catastrophic events de-lineated by event; ‘‘(5) the cost with respect to— ‘‘(A) public assistance; ‘‘(B) individual assistance; ‘‘(C) mitigation; ‘‘(D) administrative activities; ‘‘(E) operations; and ‘‘(F) any other relevant category (includ-ing emergency measures and disaster re-sources) delineated by major disaster; and ‘‘(6) the date on which funds appropriated will be exhausted. ‘‘(d) CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) I
NFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Admin-istrator shall publish on the website of the Agency the specifics of each contract in ex-cess of $1,000,000 that the Agency enters into during the previous month, including— ‘‘(i) the name of the party; ‘‘(ii) the date the contract was awarded; ‘‘(iii) the amount and scope of the con-tract; ‘‘(iv) if the contract was awarded through competitive bidding process; ‘‘(v) if no competitive bidding process was used, the reason why competitive bidding was not used; and ‘‘(vi) the authority used to bypass the com-petitive bidding process. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—The information re-quired to be published under subparagraph (A) shall be delineated by major disaster, if applicable, and specify the damage category code, if applicable. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 10 days after the last day of the fiscal year, the Adminis-trator shall provide a report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives summarizing the following information for the preceding fiscal year: ‘‘(A) The number of contracts awarded without competitive bidding. ‘‘(B) The reasons why a competitive bid-ding process was not used. ‘‘(C) The total amount of contracts award-ed with no competitive bidding. ‘‘(D) The damage category codes, if appli-cable, for contracts awarded without com-petitive bidding.’’. 
SEC. 1519. NATIONAL PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE PREDISASTER HAZARD MITIGATION. 
(a) P REDISASTER HAZARD MITIGATION .—Sec- tion 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133) is amended— (1) in subsection (c) by inserting ‘‘Public Infrastructure’’ after ‘‘the National’’; (2) in subsection (e)(1)(B)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in clause (iii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) to establish and carry out enforce-ment activities to implement the latest pub-lished editions of relevant consensus-based 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3814 June 12, 2018 
codes, specifications, and standards that in-corporate the latest hazard-resistant designs and establish minimum acceptable criteria for the design, construction, and mainte-nance of residential structures and facilities that may be eligible for assistance under this Act for the purpose of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of the buildings’ users against disasters.’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘for miti-gation activities that are cost effective’’ after ‘‘competitive basis’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNOBLIGATED  
AMOUNTS .—The President may— ‘‘(A) withdraw amounts of financial assist-ance made available to a State (including amounts made available to local govern-ments of a State) under this subsection that remain unobligated by the end of the third fiscal year after the fiscal year for which the amounts were allocated; and ‘‘(B) in the fiscal year following a fiscal year in which amounts were withdrawn under subparagraph (A), add the amounts to any other amounts available to be awarded on a competitive basis pursuant to para-graph (1).’’; (4) in subsection (g), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘provide financial assistance only in States that have received a major disaster declaration during the previous 7-year period and’’ after ‘‘Presi-dent shall’’; (5) by striking subsection (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) N
ATIONAL PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE  P
REDISASTER MITIGATION ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may set aside from the Disaster Relief Fund, with re-spect to each major disaster, an amount equal to 6 percent of the estimated aggregate amount of the grants to be made pursuant to sections 403, 406, 407, 408, 410, and 416 for the major disaster in order to provide technical and financial assistance under this section. ‘‘(2) E
STIMATED AGGREGATE AMOUNT .—Not later than 180 days after each major disaster declaration pursuant to this Act, the esti-mated aggregate amount of grants for pur-poses of paragraph (1) shall be determined by the President and such estimated amount need not be reduced, increased, or changed due to variations in estimates. ‘‘(3) N
O REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS .—The amount set aside pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not reduce the amounts otherwise made available for sections 403, 404, 406, 407, 408, 410, and 416 under this Act.’’; (6) by striking subsections (j) and (m); and (7) by redesignating subsections (k), (l), and (n) as subsections (j), (k), and (l), respec-tively. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made to section 203 of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133) by paragraphs (3) and (5) of subsection (a) of this Act shall apply to funds appropriated after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency; (B) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (i) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (iii) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; and (iv) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (C) the term ‘‘public assistance grant pro-gram’’ means the public assistance grant program authorized under sections 403, 406, 407, 418, 419, 428, and 502(a) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170b, 5172, 5173, 5185, 5186, 5189f, and 5192(a)). (2) REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report detailing the implications of the amendments made by subsection (a) on the fiscal health of the Dis-aster Relief Fund, including— (A) a justification, cost-benefit analysis, and impact statement of the percentage uti-lized to fund the amendments; (B) an assessment of the extent to which the extra spending could place stress on the Disaster Relief Fund, as calculated under section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 2985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)), increase the pace of spending, and impact whether supplemental funding would be required more frequently to deal with future major disasters declared under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170); (C) an expenditure plan detailing— (i) anticipated application guidelines for grantees; (ii) a period of performance schedule; (iii) anticipated project life cycle costs and expected expenditure rates; (iv) planning requirements for grantees; (v) a program schedule to ensure that the annual fund carryover does not exceed $100,000,000; and (vi) a program review and investigation schedule to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse; (D) an assessment of how the amendments could be implemented to encourage mitiga-tion that addresses risks to the most costly disaster impacts in order to reduce— (i) impacts on the Disaster Relief Fund and the public assistance grant program, in par-ticular grants to mitigate damage to infra-structure and buildings; and (ii) Federal expenditures for future major disasters declared under section 401 the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170); and (E) an assessment of the appropriate bal-ance of expenditures under section 203(i) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133(i)), as amended by subsection (a), for planning and for projects; and (F) the strategy by which project will be weighted and applications assessed to in-clude repetitive loss, location, elevation, overall risk, and the ability for a grantee to make complementary investments in other mitigation efforts. 
SEC. 1520. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO NA-TIONAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT. 
(a) H OMELAND SECURITY ACT OF 2002.—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 501(8) (6 U.S.C. 311(8))— (A) by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘National Response Framework’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘502(a)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘504(a)(6)’’; (2) in section 503(b)(2)(A) (6 U.S.C. 313(b)(2)(A)) by inserting ‘‘and incidents im-pacting critical infrastructure’’ before the semicolon; (3) in section 504(a) (6 U.S.C. 314(a))— (A) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘, includ-ing—’’ and inserting ‘‘(which shall include incidents impacting critical infrastructure), including—’’; (B) in paragraph (4) by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing incidents impacting critical infrastruc-ture’’ before the semicolon; (C) in paragraph (5) by striking ‘‘and local’’ and inserting ‘‘local, and tribal’’; (D) in paragraph (6) by striking ‘‘national response plan’’ and inserting ‘‘national re-sponse framework, which shall be reviewed and updated as required but not less than every 5 years’’; (E) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (21) as paragraphs (8) through (22), respectively; (F) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) developing integrated frameworks, to include consolidating existing Government plans addressing prevention, protection, mitigation, and recovery with such frame-works reviewed and updated as required, but not less than every 5 years;’’; and (G) in paragraph (14), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; (4) in section 507 (6 U.S.C. 317)— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (2)(E), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; and (B) in subsection (f)(1)(G), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; (5) in section 508 (6 U.S.C. 318)— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘The Deputy Administrator, Protection and National Preparedness’’ and inserting ‘‘A Deputy Administrator’’; (6) in section 509 (6 U.S.C. 319)— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘National Response Frame-work, National Protection Framework, Na-tional Prevention Framework, National Mitigation Framework, National Recovery Framework’’; (II) by striking ‘‘successor’’ and inserting ‘‘successors’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘plan’’ at the end of that paragraph and inserting ‘‘framework’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘National Response Frame-work’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘NATIONAL RESPONSE PLAN ’’ and inserting ‘‘N
ATIONAL RESPONSE FRAMEWORK ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘National Response Frame-work’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; (7) in section 510 (6 U.S.C. 320)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘enter into a memorandum of understanding’’ and inserting ‘‘partner’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘National Re-sponse Framework’’; (8) in section 515(c)(1) (6 U.S.C. 321d(c)(1)), by striking ‘‘and local’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘, local, and tribal’’; (9) by striking section 524 (6 U.S.C. 321m); (10) in section 525 (6 U.S.C. 321n), by strik-ing ‘‘Secretary’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3815 June 12, 2018 
(11) in section 706(b)(1), as redesignated by section 1142 of this Act, by striking ‘‘Na-tional Response Plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Na-tional Response Framework’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by striking the item relating to section 524. (c) P
OST-KATRINA EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  R
EFORM ACT OF 2006.— (1) C
ITATION CORRECTION .—Section 602(13) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 701(13)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘National Response Framework’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘502(a)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘504(a)(6)’’. (2) C
HANGE OF REFERENCE .—Chapter 1 of subtitle C of title VI of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–295) is amended by striking ‘‘National Response Plan’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘National Re-sponse Framework’’. (d) P
UBLIC HEALTH SERVICE ACT.—Section 2801(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘the National Response Plan developed pursuant to section 502(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘the National Re-sponse Framework developed pursuant to section 504(a)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (2 U.S.C. 314(a)(6))’’. (e) D
EFENSE AGAINST WEAPONS OF MASS D
ESTRUCTION ACT OF 1996.—Section 1414(b) of the Defense Against Weapons of Mass De-struction Act of 1996 (50 U.S.C. 2314(b)) is amended, in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘National Response Plan prepared pursuant to section 502(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 312(6))’’ and inserting ‘‘National Response Framework prepared pursuant to section 504(a)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 314(a)(6))’’ (f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The amendments made by subsection (a) to section 503(b)(2)(A) and paragraphs (3) and (4) of section 504(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 shall not be construed as affecting the authority, ex-isting on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act, of any other component of the Department of Homeland Security or any other Federal department or agency. 
SEC. 1521. INTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARNING SYSTEM SUBCOMMITTEE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Agency; (2) the term ‘‘Agency’’ means the Federal Emergency Management Agency; (3) the term ‘‘public alert and warning sys-tem’’ means the integrated public alert and warning system of the United States de-scribed in section 526 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 321o); and (4) the term ‘‘State’’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Vir-gin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and any possession of the United States. (b) I
NTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARN-
INGSYSTEM SUBCOMMITTEE .—Section 2 of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 143; 130 Stat. 327) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (6)(B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii)(VII), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) recommendations for best practices of State, tribal, and local governments to follow to maintain the integrity of the pub-lic alert and warning system, including— ‘‘(I) the procedures for State, tribal, and local government officials to authenticate civil emergencies and initiate, modify, and cancel alerts transmitted through the public alert and warning system, including proto-cols and technology capabilities for— ‘‘(aa) the initiation, or prohibition on the initiation, of alerts by a single authorized or unauthorized individual; and ‘‘(bb) testing a State, tribal, or local gov-ernment incident management and warning tool without accidentally initiating an alert through the public alert and warning sys-tem; ‘‘(II) the standardization, functionality, and interoperability of incident management and warning tools used by State, tribal, and local governments to notify the public of an emergency through the public alert and warning system; ‘‘(III) the training and recertification of emergency management personnel on best practices for originating and transmitting an alert through the public alert and warning system; and ‘‘(IV) the procedures, protocols, and guid-ance concerning the protective action plans that State, tribal, and local governments should issue to the public following an alert issued under the public alert and warning system.’’; (B) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(i) INITIAL REPORT .—Not later than’’; (II) in clause (i), as so designated, by strik-ing ‘‘paragraph (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (6)(B)’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) S
ECOND REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Department of Homeland Security Author-ization Act, the Subcommittee shall submit to the National Advisory Council a report containing any recommendations required to be developed under paragraph (6)(B)(iii) for approval by the National Advisory Council.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘re-port’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘reports’’; and (C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘3’’ and in-serting ‘‘5’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021’’. (c) I
NTEGRATED PUBLIC ALERT AND WARNING  S
YSTEM PARTICIPATORY REQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator shall— (1) consider the recommendations sub-mitted by the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Subcommittee to the Na-tional Advisory Council under section 2(b)(7) of the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Modernization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–143; 130 Stat. 331), as amended by subsection (b) of this Act; and (2) not later than 120 days after the date on which the recommendations described in paragraph (1) are submitted, establish min-imum requirements for State, tribal, and local governments to participate in the pub-lic alert and warning system consistent with all public notice rules and regulations. (d) I
NCIDENT MANAGEMENT AND WARNING  T
OOLVALIDATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish a process to ensure that an inci-dent management and warning tool used by a State, tribal, or local government to origi-nate and transmit an alert through the pub-lic alert and warning system meets the min-imum requirements established by the Ad-ministrator under subsection (c)(2). (2) REQUIREMENTS .—The process required to be established under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the ability to test an incident manage-ment and warning tool in the public alert and warning system lab; (B) the ability to certify that an incident management and warning tool complies with the applicable cyber frameworks of the De-partment of Homeland Security and the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology; (C) a process to certify developers of emer-gency management software; and (D) requiring developers to provide the Ad-ministrator with a copy of and rights of use for ongoing testing of each version of inci-dent management and warning tool software before the software is first used by a State, tribal, or local government. (e) R
EVIEW AND UPDATE OF MEMORANDA OF  U
NDERSTANDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall review the memoranda of understanding be-tween the Agency and State, tribal, and local governments with respect to the public alert and warning system to ensure that all agreements ensure compliance with any minimum requirements established by the Administrator under subsection (c)(2). (2) F
UTURE MEMORANDA .—The Adminis-trator shall ensure that any new memo-randum of understanding entered into be-tween the Agency and a State, tribal, or local government on or after the date of en-actment of this Act with respect to the pub-lic alert and warning system ensures that the agreement requires compliance with any minimum requirements established by the Administrator under subsection (c)(2). (f) M
ISSILE ALERT AND WARNING AUTHORI -
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) A
UTHORITY .—Beginning on the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the authority to originate an alert warning the public of a missile launch directed against a State using the public alert and warning system shall reside pri-marily with the Federal Government. (B) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security may delegate to a State, tribal, or local entity the author-ity described in subparagraph (A), if, not later than 60 days after the end of the 120- day period described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Homeland Security reports to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that— (i) it is not feasible for the Federal govern-ment to alert the public of a missile threat against a State; or (ii) it is not in the national security inter-est of the United States for the Federal gov-ernment to alert the public of a missile threat against a State. (C) A
CTIVATION OF SYSTEM .—Upon verification of a missile threat, the Presi-dent, utilizing established authorities, proto-cols, and procedures, may activate the public alert and warning system. (2) R
EQUIRED PROCESSES .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Ad-ministrator, shall establish a process to promptly notify a State warning point, and any State entities that the Administrator determines appropriate, of follow-up actions to a missile launch alert so the State may take appropriate action to protect the health, safety, and welfare of the residents of the State following the issuance of an alert described in paragraph (1)(A) for that State. (3) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Administrator, shall work with the Governor of a State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3816 June 12, 2018 
warning point to develop and implement ap-propriate protective action plans to respond to an alert described in paragraph (1)(A) for that State. (4) S
TUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) examine the feasibility of establishing an alert designation under the public alert and warning system that would be used to alert and warn the public of a missile threat while concurrently alerting a State warning point so that a State may activate related protective action plans; and (B) submit a report of the findings under subparagraph (A), including of the costs and timeline for taking action to implement an alert designation described in paragraph (1), to— (i) the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (iii) the Subcommittee on Homeland Secu-rity of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (iv) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (g) A
WARENESS OF ALERTS AND WARNINGS .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator shall— (1) conduct a review of— (A) the Emergency Operations Center of the Agency; and (B) the National Watch Center and each Regional Watch Center of the Agency; and (2) submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives a re-port on the review conducted under para-graph (1), which shall include— (A) an assessment of the technical capa-bility of the Emergency Operations Center and the National and Regional Watch Cen-ters described in paragraph (1) to be notified of alerts and warnings issued by a State through the public alert and warning sys-tem; (B) a determination of which State alerts and warnings the Emergency Operations Center and the National and Regional Watch Centers described in paragraph (1) should be aware of; and (C) recommendations for improving the ability of the National and Regional Watch Centers described in paragraph (1) to receive any State alerts and warnings that the Ad-ministrator determines are appropriate. (h) T
IMELINE FOR COMPLIANCE .—Each State shall be given a reasonable amount of time to comply with any new rules, regulations, or requirements imposed under this section or the amendments made by this section. TITLE VI—CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY 
SEC. 1601. CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUC-TURE SECURITY AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE XXII—CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY ‘‘Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security 
‘‘SEC. 2201. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘critical infrastructure in-formation’ has the meaning given the term in section 2222. ‘‘(2) C
YBERSECURITY RISK .—The term ‘cy-bersecurity risk’ has the meaning given the term in section 2209. ‘‘(3) C
YBERSECURITY THREAT .—The term ‘cybersecurity threat’ has the meaning given the term in section 102(5) of the Cybersecu-rity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113; 6 U.S.C. 1501)). ‘‘(4) NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY ASSET RE -
SPONSE ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘national cy-bersecurity asset response activities’ means— ‘‘(A) furnishing cybersecurity technical as-sistance to entities affected by cybersecurity risks to protect assets, mitigate vulnerabilities, and reduce impacts of cyber incidents; ‘‘(B) identifying other entities that may be at risk of an incident and assessing risk to the same or similar vulnerabilities; ‘‘(C) assessing potential cybersecurity risks to a sector or region, including poten-tial cascading effects, and developing courses of action to mitigate such risks; ‘‘(D) facilitating information sharing and operational coordination with threat re-sponse; and ‘‘(E) providing guidance on how best to uti-lize Federal resources and capabilities in a timely, effective manner to speed recovery from cybersecurity risks. ‘‘(5) S
ECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY .—The term ‘Sector-Specific Agency’ means a Federal de-partment or agency, designated by law or presidential directive, with responsibility for providing institutional knowledge and spe-cialized expertise of a sector, as well as lead-ing, facilitating, or supporting programs and associated activities of its designated crit-ical infrastructure sector in the all hazards environment in coordination with the De-partment. ‘‘(6) S
HARING .—The term ‘sharing’ has the meaning given the term in section 2209. 
‘‘SEC. 2202. CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUC-TURE SECURITY AGENCY. 
‘‘(a) R EDESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department shall, on and after the date of the enactment of this subtitle, be known as the ‘Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security Agency’ (in this subtitle referred to as the ‘Agency’). ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the National Protection and Programs Direc-torate of the Department in any law, regula-tion, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security Agency of the Depart-ment. ‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Agency shall be headed by a Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security (in this subtitle re-ferred to as the ‘Director’), who shall report to the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to an Under Secretary responsible for overseeing critical infrastructure protection, cybersecu-rity, and any other related program of the Department as described in section 103(a)(1)(H) as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subtitle in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Director of Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security of the De-partment. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Director shall— ‘‘(1) lead cybersecurity and critical infra-structure security programs, operations, and associated policy for the Agency, including national cybersecurity asset response activi-ties; ‘‘(2) coordinate with Federal entities, in-cluding Sector-Specific Agencies, and non- Federal entities, including international en-tities, to carry out the cybersecurity and critical infrastructure activities of the Agen-cy, as appropriate; ‘‘(3) carry out the responsibilities of the Secretary to secure Federal information and information systems consistent with law, in-cluding subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub-lic Law 114–113)); ‘‘(4) coordinate a national effort to secure and protect against critical infrastructure risks, consistent with subsection (e)(1)(E); ‘‘(5) oversee the EMP and GMD planning and protection and preparedness activities of the Agency; ‘‘(6) upon request, provide analyses, exper-tise, and other technical assistance to crit-ical infrastructure owners and operators and, where appropriate, provide those analyses, expertise, and other technical assistance in coordination with Sector-Specific Agencies and other Federal departments and agencies; ‘‘(7) develop and utilize mechanisms for ac-tive and frequent collaboration between the Agency and Sector-Specific Agencies to en-sure appropriate coordination, situational awareness, and communications with Sector- Specific Agencies; ‘‘(8) maintain and utilize mechanisms for the regular and ongoing consultation and collaboration among the Divisions of the Agency to further operational coordination, integrated situational awareness, and im-proved integration across the Agency in ac-cordance with this Act; ‘‘(9) develop, coordinate, and implement— ‘‘(A) comprehensive strategic plans for the activities of the Agency; and ‘‘(B) risk assessments by and for the Agen-cy; ‘‘(10) carry out emergency communications responsibilities, in accordance with title XVIII; ‘‘(11) carry out cybersecurity, infrastruc-ture security, and emergency communica-tions stakeholder outreach and engagement and coordinate that outreach and engage-ment with critical infrastructure Sector- Specific Agencies, as appropriate; ‘‘(12) oversee an integrated analytical ap-proach to physical and cyber infrastructure analysis; and ‘‘(13) carry out such other duties and pow-ers prescribed by law or delegated by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) DEPUTY DIRECTOR .—There shall be in the Agency a Deputy Director of Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security who shall— ‘‘(1) assist the Director in the management of the Agency; and ‘‘(2) report to the Director. ‘‘(e) C
YBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE  S
ECURITY AUTHORITIES OF THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The responsibilities of the Secretary relating to cybersecurity and infrastructure security shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) To access, receive, and analyze law enforcement information, intelligence infor-mation, and other information from Federal Government agencies, State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies, includ-ing law enforcement agencies, and private sector entities, and to integrate that infor-mation, in support of the mission respon-sibilities of the Department, in order to— ‘‘(i) identify and assess the nature and scope of terrorist threats to the homeland; ‘‘(ii) detect and identify threats of ter-rorism against the United States; and ‘‘(iii) understand those threats in light of actual and potential vulnerabilities of the homeland. ‘‘(B) To carry out comprehensive assess-ments of the vulnerabilities of the key re-sources and critical infrastructure of the United States, including the performance of risk assessments to determine the risks posed by particular types of terrorist attacks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3817 June 12, 2018 
within the United States, including an as-sessment of the probability of success of those attacks and the feasibility and poten-tial efficacy of various countermeasures to those attacks. At the discretion of the Sec-retary, such assessments may be carried out in coordination with Sector-Specific Agen-cies. ‘‘(C) To integrate relevant information, analysis, and vulnerability assessments, re-gardless of whether the information, anal-ysis, or assessments are provided or produced by the Department, in order to make rec-ommendations, including prioritization, for protective and support measures by the De-partment, other Federal Government agen-cies, State, local, tribal, and territorial gov-ernment agencies and authorities, the pri-vate sector, and other entities regarding ter-rorist and other threats to homeland secu-rity. ‘‘(D) To ensure, pursuant to section 202, the timely and efficient access by the Depart-ment to all information necessary to dis-charge the responsibilities under this title, including obtaining that information from other Federal Government agencies. ‘‘(E) To develop, in coordination with the Sector-Specific Agencies with available ex-pertise, a comprehensive national plan for securing the key resources and critical infra-structure of the United States, including power production, generation, and distribu-tion systems, information technology and telecommunications systems (including sat-ellites), electronic financial and property record storage and transmission systems, emergency communications systems, and the physical and technological assets that sup-port those systems. ‘‘(F) To recommend measures necessary to protect the key resources and critical infra-structure of the United States in coordina-tion with other Federal Government agen-cies, including Sector-Specific Agencies, and in cooperation with State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and authori-ties, the private sector, and other entities. ‘‘(G) To review, analyze, and make rec-ommendations for improvements to the poli-cies and procedures governing the sharing of information relating to homeland security within the Federal Government and between Federal Government agencies and State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and authorities. ‘‘(H) To disseminate, as appropriate, infor-mation analyzed by the Department within the Department to other Federal Govern-ment agencies with responsibilities relating to homeland security and to State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and private sector entities with those re-sponsibilities in order to assist in the deter-rence, prevention, or preemption of, or re-sponse to, terrorist attacks against the United States. ‘‘(I) To consult with State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies and pri-vate sector entities to ensure appropriate ex-changes of information, including law en-forcement-related information, relating to threats of terrorism against the United States. ‘‘(J) To ensure that any material received pursuant to this Act is protected from unau-thorized disclosure and handled and used only for the performance of official duties. ‘‘(K) To request additional information from other Federal Government agencies, State, local, tribal, and territorial govern-ment agencies, and the private sector relat-ing to threats of terrorism in the United States, or relating to other areas of responsi-bility assigned by the Secretary, including the entry into cooperative agreements through the Secretary to obtain that infor-mation. ‘‘(L) To establish and utilize, in conjunc-tion with the Chief Information Officer of the Department, a secure communications and information technology infrastructure, including data-mining and other advanced analytical tools, in order to access, receive, and analyze data and information in further-ance of the responsibilities under this sec-tion, and to disseminate information ac-quired and analyzed by the Department, as appropriate. ‘‘(M) To coordinate training and other sup-port to the elements and personnel of the De-partment, other Federal Government agen-cies, and State, local, tribal, and territorial government agencies that provide informa-tion to the Department, or are consumers of information provided by the Department, in order to facilitate the identification and sharing of information revealed in their ordi-nary duties and the optimal utilization of in-formation received from the Department. ‘‘(N) To coordinate with Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement agencies, and the private sector, as appro-priate. ‘‘(O) To exercise the authorities and over-sight of the functions, personnel, assets, and liabilities of those components transferred to the Department pursuant to section 201(g). ‘‘(P) To carry out the functions of the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center under section 2209. ‘‘(Q) To carry out the requirements of the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program established under title XXI and the secure handling of ammonium nitrate pro-gram established under subtitle J of title VIII, or any successor programs. ‘‘(2) R
EALLOCATION .—The Secretary may reallocate within the Agency the functions specified in sections 2203(b) and 2204(b), con-sistent with the responsibilities provided in paragraph (1), upon certifying to and briefing the appropriate congressional committees, and making available to the public, not less than 60 days before the reallocation that the reallocation is necessary for carrying out the activities of the Agency. ‘‘(3) S
TAFF .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide the Agency with a staff of analysts hav-ing appropriate expertise and experience to assist the Agency in discharging the respon-sibilities of the Agency under this section. ‘‘(B) P
RIVATE SECTOR ANALYSTS .—Analysts under this subsection may include analysts from the private sector. ‘‘(C) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—Analysts under this subsection shall possess security clearances appropriate for their work under this section. ‘‘(4) D
ETAIL OF PERSONNEL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In order to assist the Agency in discharging the responsibilities of the Agency under this section, personnel of the Federal agencies described in subpara-graph (B) may be detailed to the Agency for the performance of analytic functions and related duties. ‘‘(B) A
GENCIES .—The Federal agencies de-scribed in this subparagraph are— ‘‘(i) the Department of State; ‘‘(ii) the Central Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(iii) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; ‘‘(iv) the National Security Agency; ‘‘(v) the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(vi) the Defense Intelligence Agency; ‘‘(vii) Sector-Specific Agencies; and ‘‘(viii) any other agency of the Federal Government that the President considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(C) I
NTERAGENCY AGREEMENTS .—The Sec- retary and the head of a Federal agency de-scribed in subparagraph (B) may enter into agreements for the purpose of detailing per-sonnel under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) BASIS.—The detail of personnel under this paragraph may be on a reimbursable or non-reimbursable basis. ‘‘(f) C
OMPOSITION .—The Agency shall be composed of the following divisions: ‘‘(1) The Cybersecurity Division, headed by an Assistant Director. ‘‘(2) The Infrastructure Security Division, headed by an Assistant Director. ‘‘(3) The Emergency Communications Divi-sion under title XVIII, headed by an Assist-ant Director. ‘‘(g) C
O-LOCATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Director shall examine the establishment of central locations in geo-graphical regions with a significant Agency presence. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—When establishing the central locations described in paragraph (1), the Director shall coordinate with compo-nent heads and the Under Secretary for Man-agement to co-locate or partner on any new real property leases, renewing any occu-pancy agreements for existing leases, or agreeing to extend or newly occupy any Fed-eral space or new construction. ‘‘(h) P
RIVACY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be a Privacy Officer of the Agency with primary responsi-bility for privacy policy and compliance for the Agency. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibil-ities of the Privacy Officer of the Agency shall include— ‘‘(A) ensuring that the use of technologies by the Agency sustain, and do not erode, pri-vacy protections relating to the use, collec-tion, and disclosure of personal information; ‘‘(B) ensuring that personal information contained in systems of records of the Agen-cy is handled in full compliance as specified in section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’); ‘‘(C) evaluating legislative and regulatory proposals involving collection, use, and dis-closure of personal information by the Agen-cy; and ‘‘(D) conducting a privacy impact assess-ment of proposed rules of the Agency on the privacy of personal information, including the type of personal information collected and the number of people affected. ‘‘(i) S
AVINGS .—Nothing in this title may be construed as affecting in any manner the au-thority, existing on the day before the date of enactment of this title, of any other com-ponent of the Department or any other Fed-eral department or agency. 
‘‘SEC. 2203. CYBERSECURITY DIVISION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Agency a Cybersecurity Division. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The Cybersecu-rity Division shall be headed by an Assistant Director for Cybersecurity (in this section referred to as the ‘Assistant Director’), who shall— ‘‘(A) be at the level of Assistant Secretary within the Department; ‘‘(B) be appointed by the President without the advice and consent of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) report to the Director. ‘‘(3) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to the As-sistant Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communications in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the Assistant Director for Cyberse-curity. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The Assistant Director shall— ‘‘(1) direct the cybersecurity efforts of the Agency; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3818 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(2) carry out activities, at the direction of the Director, related to the security of Fed-eral information and Federal information systems consistent with law, including sub-chapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (contained in division N of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113)); ‘‘(3) fully participate in the mechanisms required under section 2202(c)(7); and ‘‘(4) carry out such other duties and powers as prescribed by the Director. 
‘‘SEC. 2204. INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY DIVI-SION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Agency an Infrastructure Security Divi-sion. ‘‘(2) A
SSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The Infrastruc-ture Security Division shall be headed by an Assistant Director for Infrastructure Secu-rity (in this section referred to as the ‘As-sistant Director’), who shall— ‘‘(A) be at the level of Assistant Secretary within the Department; ‘‘(B) be appointed by the President without the advice and consent of the Senate; and ‘‘(C) report to the Director. ‘‘(3) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to the As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the As-sistant Director for Infrastructure Security. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—The Assistant Director shall— ‘‘(1) direct the critical infrastructure secu-rity efforts of the Agency; ‘‘(2) carry out, at the direction of the Di-rector, the Chemical Facilities Anti-Ter-rorism Standards Program established under title XXI and the secure handling of ammo-nium nitrate program established under sub-title J of title VIII, or any successor pro-grams; ‘‘(3) fully participate in the mechanisms required under section 2202(c)(7); and ‘‘(4) carry out such other duties and powers as prescribed by the Director.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN POSITIONS .— (1) U
NDER SECRETARY .—The individual serving as the Under Secretary appointed pursuant to section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)) of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act may continue to serve as the Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security of the Department on and after such date. (2) D
IRECTOR FOR EMERGENCY COMMUNICA -
TIONS .—The individual serving as the Direc-tor for Emergency Communications of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Di-rector for Emergency Communications of the Department on and after such date. (3) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY FOR CYBERSECU -
RITY AND COMMUNICATIONS .—The individual serving as the Assistant Secretary for Cyber-security and Communications on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Director for Cybersecurity on and after such date. (4) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROTECTION .—The individual serving as the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act may continue to serve as the Assistant Director for Infrastructure Se-curity on and after such date. (c) R
EFERENCE .—Any reference to— (1) the Office of Emergency Communica-tions in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Emergency Communications Division; and (2) the Director for Emergency Commu-nications in any law, regulation, map, docu-ment, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Director for Emergency Com-munications. (d) OVERSIGHT .—The Director of Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security of the De-partment of Homeland Security shall pro-vide to Congress, in accordance with the deadlines specified in paragraphs (1) through (6), information on the following: (1) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a briefing on the ac-tivities of the Agency relating to the devel-opment and use of the mechanisms required pursuant to section 2202(c)(7) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (as added by sub-section (a)). (2) Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, a briefing on the activities of the Agency relating to the use and improvement by the Agency of the mechanisms required pursuant to section 2202(c)(7) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and how such activities have impacted coordination, situational awareness, and communications with Sector-Specific Agen-cies. (3) Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, information on the mechanisms of the Agency for regular and ongoing consultation and collaboration, as required pursuant to section 2202(c)(8) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a)). (4) Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, information on the activities of the consultation and col-laboration mechanisms of the Agency as re-quired pursuant to section 2202(c)(8) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, and how such mechanisms have impacted operational co-ordination, situational awareness, and inte-gration across the Agency. (5) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, information, which shall be made publicly available and updated as appropriate, on the mechanisms and structures of the Agency responsible for stakeholder outreach and engagement, as re-quired under section 2202(c)(11) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (as added by sub-section (a)). (6) Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, information on EMP and GMD (as de-fined in section 2 of the Homeland Security Act (6 U.S.C. 101)), which shall include— (A) a summary of the threats and con-sequences, as of the date of the information, of electromagnetic events to the critical in-frastructure of the United States; (B) Department of Homeland Security ef-forts as of the date of the information, in-cluding with respect to— (i) risk assessments; (ii) mitigation actions; (iii) coordinating with the Department of Energy to identify critical electric infra-structure assets subject to EMP or GMD risk; and (iv) current and future plans for engage-ment with the Department of Energy, the Department of Defense, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and other relevant Federal departments and agencies; (C) as of the date of the information, cur-rent collaboration, and plans for future en-gagement, with critical infrastructure own-ers and operators; (D) an identification of internal roles to address electromagnetic risks to critical in-frastructure; and (E) plans for implementation and pro-tecting and preparing United States critical infrastructure against electromagnetic threats. (e) CYBER WORKFORCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security Agency of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall submit to Congress a re-port detailing how the Agency is meeting legislative requirements under the Cyberse-curity Workforce Assessment Act (Public Law 113–246; 128 Stat. 2880) and the Homeland Security Cybersecurity Workforce Assess-ment Act (6 U.S.C. 146 note; Public Law 113– 277) to address cyber workforce needs. (f) F
ACILITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Home-land Security shall report to Congress on the most efficient and effective methods of con-solidating Agency facilities, personnel, and programs to most effectively carry out the mission of the Agency. (g) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS TO THE HOMELAND SECURITY ACT OF  2002.—The Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended— (1) by amending section 103(a)(1)(H) (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H)) to read as follows: ‘‘(H) A Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency.’’; (2) in title II (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.)— (A) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ AND INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (B) in the subtitle A heading, by striking ‘‘and Infrastructure Protection’’; (C) in section 201 (6 U.S.C. 121)— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDINFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and an Office of Infra-structure Protection’’; (iii) in subsection (b)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROTECTION ’’; and (II) by striking paragraph (3); (iv) in subsection (c)— (I) by striking ‘‘and infrastructure protec-tion’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘or the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection, as appro-priate’’; (v) in subsection (d)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDINFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ’’; (II) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and infrastructure protection’’; (III) by striking paragraphs (5), (6), and (25); (IV) by redesignating paragraphs (7) through (24) as paragraphs (5) through (22), respectively; (V) by redesignating paragraph (26) as paragraph (23); and (VI) in paragraph (23)(B)(i), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘section 319’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 320’’; (vi) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’; (vii) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’; and (viii) in subsection (g), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and the Office of Infrastructure Protection’’; (D) in section 202 (6 U.S.C. 122)— (i) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Director of Central Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of National Intelligence’’; and (ii) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘Direc-tor of Central Intelligence’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of National Intelligence’’; (E) in section 204 (6 U.S.C. 124a)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3819 June 12, 2018 
(i) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; and (ii) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (F) by redesignating section 210E (6 U.S.C. 124l) as section 2214 and transferring such section to appear after section 2213 (as redes-ignated by subparagraph (I)); (G) in subtitle B, by redesignating sections 211 through 215 (6 U.S.C. 101 note, and 131 through 134) as sections 2221 through 2225, re-spectively, and transferring such subtitle, in-cluding the enumerator and heading of sub-title B and such sections, to appear after sec-tion 2214 (as redesignated by subparagraph (G)); (H) by redesignating sections 223 through 230 (6 U.S.C. 143 through 151) as sections 2205 through 2213, respectively, and transferring such sections to appear after section 2204, as added by this Act; (I) by redesignating section 210F as section 210E; and (J) by redesignating subtitles C and D as subtitles B and C, respectively; (3) in title III (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.)— (A) in section 302 (6 U.S.C. 182)— (i) by striking ‘‘biological,,’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘biologi-cal,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (B) by redesignating the second section 319 (6 U.S.C. 195f) (relating to EMP and GMD mitigation research and development) as sec-tion 320; and (C) in section 320(c)(1), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Section 214’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 2224’’; (4) in title V (6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.)— (A) in section 508(d)(2)(D) (6 U.S.C. 318(d)(2)(D)), by striking ‘‘The Director of the Office of Emergency Communications of the Department of Homeland Security’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Assistant Director for Emer-gency Communications’’; (B) in section 514 (6 U.S.C. 321c)— (i) by striking subsection (b); and (ii) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b); and (C) in section 523 (6 U.S.C. 321l)— (i) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Security’’; and (ii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Assist-ant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security’’; (5) in title VIII (6 U.S.C. 361 et seq.)— (A) in section 884(d)(4)(A)(ii) (6 U.S.C. 464(d)(4)(A)(ii)), by striking ‘‘Under Sec-retary responsible for overseeing critical in-frastructure protection, cybersecurity, and other related programs of the Department’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security’’; and (B) in section 899B(a) (6 U.S.C. 488a(a)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such regu-lations shall be carried out by the Cyberse-curity and Infrastructure Security Agency.’’; (6) in title XVIII (6 U.S.C. 571 et seq.)— (A) in section 1801 (6 U.S.C. 571)— (i) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
OF-
FICE OF EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘
EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS DIVI -
SION’’; (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Com-munications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Communications Division’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Division shall be located in the Cyber-security and Infrastructure Security Agen-cy.’’; (iii) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) ASSISTANT DIRECTOR .—The head of the Division shall be the Assistant Director for Emergency Communications. The Assistant Director shall report to the Director of Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security. All decisions of the Assistant Director that en-tail the exercise of significant authority shall be subject to the approval of the Direc-tor of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity.’’; (iv) in subsection (c)— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assistant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; (II) in paragraph (15), as added by section 1431(a)(7), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) by redesignating paragraph (16), as so redesignated by section 1431(a)(3), as para-graph (17); and (IV) by inserting after paragraph (15) the following: ‘‘(16) fully participate in the mechanisms required under section 2202(c)(8); and’’; (v) in subsection (d), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assist-ant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; and (vi) in subsection (e), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Assist-ant’’ before ‘‘Director’’; (B) in sections 1802 through 1805 (6 U.S.C. 572 through 575), by striking ‘‘Director for Emergency Communications’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; (C) in section 1809 (6 U.S.C. 579)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director of Emergency Communications’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; (ii) in subsection (b)— (I) by striking ‘‘Director for Emergency Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Com-munications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Communications Division’’; (iii) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Di-rector’’; and (iv) in subsection (m)(1)— (I) by striking ‘‘The Director’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The Assistant Director’’; (II) by striking ‘‘the Director determines’’ and inserting ‘‘the Assistant Director deter-mines’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Cybersecu-rity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’; (D) in section 1810 (6 U.S.C. 580)— (i) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Direc-tor of the Office of Emergency Communica-tions (referred to in this section as the ‘Di-rector’)’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications (referred to in this section as the ‘Assistant Director’)’’; (ii) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Office of Emergency Communications’’ and inserting ‘‘Emergency Communications Division’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Director’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Direc-tor’’; (7) in title XX (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.)— (A) in paragraph (5)(A)(iii)(II) of section 2001 (6 U.S.C. 601), as so redesignated by sec-tion 1451(b), by striking ‘‘section 210E(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2214(a)(2)’’; (B) in section 2008(a)(3) (6 U.S.C. 609(a)(3)), by striking ‘‘section 210E(a)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2214(a)(2)’’; and (C) in section 2021 (6 U.S.C. 611)— (i) by striking subsection (c); and (ii) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c); (8) in title XXI (6 U.S.C. 621 et seq.)— (A) in section 2102(a)(1) (6 U.S.C. 622(a)(1)), by inserting ‘‘, which shall be located in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’’ before the period at the end; and (B) in section 2104(c)(2) (6 U.S.C. 624(c)(2)), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary responsible for overseeing critical infrastructure protection, cybersecurity, and other related programs of the Department appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security’’; and (9) in title XXII, as added by this Act— (A) in subtitle A— (i) in section 2205, as so redesignated— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 201’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2202’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary ap-pointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security’’; and (II) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in section 2206, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Infrastruc-ture Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security’’; (iii) in section 2209, as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary appointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Director’’; (II) in subsection (a)(4), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 212(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2222(5)’’; (III) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Center shall be located in the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity Agency. The head of the Center shall report to the Assistant Director for Cyberse-curity.’’; and (IV) in subsection (c)(11), by striking ‘‘Of-fice of Emergency Communications’’ and in-serting ‘‘Emergency Communications Divi-sion’’; (iv) in section 2210, as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) in subsection (c)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary ap-pointed under section 103(a)(1)(H)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Director of Cybersecurity and Infra-structure Security’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘section 212(5)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 2222(5)’’; (v) in section 2211, as so redesignated— (I) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘the section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) in subsection (c)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘section 707’’ and inserting ‘‘section 706’’; (vi) in section 2212, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 212(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2222(5)’’; (vii) in section 2213(a), as so redesignated— (I) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 228’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2210’’; and (II) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (viii) in section 2214, as so redesignated— (I) by striking subsection (e); and (II) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e); and (B) in subtitle B— (i) in section 2222(8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (ii) in section 2224(h), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘section 213’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2223’’; (h) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS TO OTHER LAWS.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3820 June 12, 2018 
(1) C YBERSECURITY ACT OF 2015 .—The Cyber-security Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 202(2) (6 U.S.C. 131 note)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, as so redesignated by section 223(a)(3) of this division’’; (B) in section 207(2) (Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2962)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, as redesignated by sec-tion 223(a) of this division,’’; (C) in section 208 (Public Law 114–113; 129 Stat. 2962), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary ap-pointed under section 103(a)(1)(H) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113(a)(1)(H))’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security of the Department’’; (D) in section 222 (6 U.S.C. 1521)— (i) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 228’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2210’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(4) of this division’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as so redesignated by section 223(a)(3) of this division’’; (E) in section 223(b) (6 U.S.C. 151 note)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 230(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘section 2213(b)(1) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002’’; and (ii) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 230(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2213(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’; (F) in section 226 (6 U.S.C. 1524)— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 230’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2213’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division’’; (II) in paragraph (4)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 228(b)(1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2210(b)(1)’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(4) of this division’’; and (III) in paragraph (5)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 230(b)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2213(b)’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)(1)(A)(vi)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 230(c)(5)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2213(c)(5)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division’’; (G) in section 227 (6 U.S.C. 1525)— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 230’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2213’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division,’’; and (ii) in subsection (b)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 230(d)(2)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2213(d)(2)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as added by section 223(a)(6) of this division,’’; and (H) in section 404 (6 U.S.C. 1532)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director for Emergency Communications’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Assistant Director for Emergency Communications’’; and (ii) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 227’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2209’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, as redesignated by sec-tion 223(a)(3) of this division,’’. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS ACT .—Section 21(a)(8)(B) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(a)(8)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 227(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 2209(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002’’. (3) TITLE 5 .—Subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 5314, by inserting after ‘‘Under Secretaries, Department of Home-land Security.’’ the following: ‘‘Director, Cybersecurity and Infrastruc-ture Security Agency.’’; and (B) in section 5315, by inserting after ‘‘As-sistant Secretaries, Department of Homeland Security.’’ the following: ‘‘Assistant Director for Cybersecurity, Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. ‘‘Assistant Director for Infrastructure Se-curity, Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Se-curity Agency.’’. (i) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to title II and inserting the following: ‘‘TITLE II—INFORMATION ANALYSIS’’; (2) by striking the item relating to subtitle A of title II and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle A—Information and Analysis; Access to Information’’; (3) by striking the item relating to section 201 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 201. Information and analysis.’’; (4) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 210E and 210F and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 210E. Classified Information Advisory Officer.’’; (5) by striking the items relating to sub-title B of title II and sections 211 through 215; (6) by striking the items relating to sec-tion 223 through section 230; (7) by striking the item relating to subtitle C and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle B—Information Security’’; (8) by striking the item relating to subtitle D and inserting the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Office of Science and Technology’’; (9) by striking the items relating to sec-tions 317, 319, 318, and 319 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 317. Promoting antiterrorism through international cooperation pro-gram. ‘‘Sec. 318. Social media working group. ‘‘Sec. 319. Transparency in research and de-velopment. ‘‘Sec. 320. EMP and GMD mitigation re-search and development.’’; (10) by striking the item relating to sec-tion 1801 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 1801. Emergency Communications Di-vision.’’; and (11) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE XXII—CYBERSECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY AGENCY ‘‘Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security ‘‘Sec. 2201. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2202. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency. ‘‘Sec. 2203. Cybersecurity Division. ‘‘Sec. 2204. Infrastructure Security Division. ‘‘Sec. 2205. Enhancement of Federal and non-Federal cybersecurity. ‘‘Sec. 2206. Net guard. ‘‘Sec. 2207. Cyber Security Enhancement Act of 2002. ‘‘Sec. 2208. Cybersecurity recruitment and retention. ‘‘Sec. 2209. National cybersecurity and com-munications integration center. ‘‘Sec. 2210. Cybersecurity plans. ‘‘Sec. 2211. Cybersecurity strategy. ‘‘Sec. 2212. Clearances. ‘‘Sec. 2213. Federal intrusion detection and prevention system. ‘‘Sec. 2214. National Asset Database. ‘‘Subtitle B—Critical Infrastructure Information ‘‘Sec. 2221. Short title. ‘‘Sec. 2222. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2223. Designation of critical infra-structure protection program. ‘‘Sec. 2224. Protection of voluntarily shared critical infrastructure informa-tion. ‘‘Sec. 2225. No private right of action.’’. SEC. 1602. TRANSFER OF OTHER ENTITIES. 
(a) O FFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MANAGE -
MENT .—The Office of Biometric Identity Management of the Department of Homeland Security located in the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security on the day before the date of enactment of this Act is hereby transferred to the Management Directorate of the Department. (b) F
EDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days fol-lowing the completion of the Government Accountability Office review of the organiza-tional placement of the Federal Protective Service, as requested by Congress, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget and the appropriate committees of Congress a recommendation regarding the appropriate placement of the Federal Protec-tive Service within the executive branch of the Federal Government. (2) C
ONSULTATION AND ASSESSMENT .—The recommendation described in paragraph (1) shall— (A) be developed after consultation with the head of any executive branch entity that the Secretary intends to recommend for the placement of the Federal Protective Service; and (B) include— (i) an assessment of the how the Depart-ment of Homeland Security considered the Government Accountability Office review de-scribed in paragraph (1) and any other rel-evant analysis; and (ii) an explanation of any statutory changes that may be necessary to effectuate the recommendation. 
SEC. 1603. DHS REPORT ON CLOUD-BASED CY-BERSECURITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Security. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in coordina-tion with the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget and the Administrator of General Services, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives a re-port on the leadership role of the Depart-ment in cloud-based cybersecurity deploy-ments for civilian Federal departments and agencies, which shall include— (1) information on the plan of the Depart-ment for offering automated, software-based Security Operations Center as a service ca-pabilities in accordance with the December 2017 Report to the President on Federal IT Modernization issued by the American Tech-nology Council; (2) information on what capabilities the Department will prioritize for those service capabilities, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3821 June 12, 2018 
(A) criteria the Department will use to evaluate capabilities offered by the private sector; and (B) information on how government- and private sector-provided capabilities will be integrated to enable visibility and consist-ency of security capabilities across all cloud and on premise environments, as called for in the report described in paragraph (1); and (3) information on how the Department will adapt the current capabilities of, and fu-ture enhancements to, the intrusion detec-tion and prevention system of the Depart-ment and the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program of the Department to se-cure civilian government networks in a cloud environment. 
SEC. 1604. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this title or an amendment made by this title may be construed as— (1) conferring new authorities to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, including pro-grammatic, regulatory, or enforcement au-thorities, outside of the authorities in exist-ence on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; (2) reducing or limiting the programmatic, regulatory, or enforcement authority vested in any other Federal agency by statute; or (3) affecting in any manner the authority, existing on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act, of any other Federal agen-cy or component of the Department of Home-land Security. 
SEC. 1605. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUND-ING. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title or the amendments made by this title. This title and the amendments made by this title shall be carried out using amounts otherwise au-thorized. TITLE VII—OTHER MATTERS Subtitle A—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 1701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for the Office of the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security $175,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019. 
SEC. 1702. CANINE TEAMS. 
Components of the Department of Home-land Security may request additional canine teams when there is a justified and docu-mented shortage and such additional canine teams would be effective for drug detection or to enhance security. 
SEC. 1703. REPORT ON RESOURCE REQUIRE-MENTS TO RESPOND TO CONGRES-SIONAL REQUESTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security; and (2) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on requests made by Congress to the Department that shall in-clude, with respect to the fiscal year pre-ceding the report or, if available, the pre-ceding 5 fiscal years— (1) the total number of congressional re-quests to the Department, including a break-down of the number of requests made by committees, subcommittees, and caucuses; (2) the total number of congressional re-sponses for which the Department was re-quired to prepare, including a breakdown of the number of hearings, briefings, and out-reach events for the Department and each component of the Department; (3) the total number of requests for similar or duplicative briefings, hearings, and other events that were made by multiple commit-tees of Congress, including— (A) a breakdown of the number of requests for the Department and each component of the Department; and (B) a breakdown of the number of requests for hearings by topic and by the requesting committees and subcommittees of Congress; (4) the total number of written testimony before committees and reports that the De-partment had to prepare for or respond to, including— (A) a breakdown of the number of written testimony before committees and reports that the Department and each component of the Department had to prepare for or re-spond to; and (B) a breakdown of the number of written testimony before committees and reports that the Department and each component of the Department had to prepare for or re-spond to by topic, as determined by the Sec-retary; (5) the total number and a list of congres-sional document requests and subpoenas sent to the Department, including all pending document requests and subpoenas, includ-ing— (A) whether a request is currently pending; (B) how long it took the Department to re-spond fully to each request, or, for pending requests, how long the request has been out-standing; and (C) the reason for any response time great-er than 90 days from the date on which the original request was received; (6) the total number and a list of congres-sional questions for the record sent to the Department, including all pending questions for the record, including— (A) whether a question for the record is currently pending; (B) how long it took the Department to re-spond fully to each question for the record, or, for pending questions for the record, how long the request has been outstanding; and (C) the reason for any response time great-er than 90 days from the date on which the original question for the record was received; and (7) the total number and a list of congres-sional letter requests for information, not including requests for documents or ques-tions for the record, sent to the Department, including all pending requests for informa-tion, including— (A) whether the request for information is currently pending; (B) how long it took the Department to re-spond fully to each request for information, or, pending requests for information, how long the request has been outstanding; and (C) the reason for any response time great-er than 90 days from the date on which the original request for information was re-ceived; and (8) any additional information as deter-mined by the Secretary. (c) TERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1704. REPORT ON COOPERATION WITH THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA TO COMBAT ILLICIT OPIOID SHIP-MENTS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the At-torney General and the Secretary of State, shall submit to Congress a report on current and planned cooperation with the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China to end opioid smuggling, including through on-line sellers, which shall include a discussion of— (1) plans to leverage high-level partner-ships with Chinese officials established through the United States–China Law En-forcement and Cybersecurity Dialogue to combat the shipment of illicit opioids to the United States; (2) the current status and expected time frame for scheduling additional illicit opioids as illegal; (3) the current status and expected time frame for shutting down smuggling routes and methods, including online sellers located in China; and (4) any additional forums or diplomatic channels that should be used to further co-operation with other foreign governments to combat illicit opioid shipments. Subtitle B—Commission to Review the Con-gressional Oversight of the Department of Homeland Security SEC. 1711. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Congres-sional Commission to Review the Congres-sional Oversight of the Department of Home-land Security Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1712. ESTABLISHMENT. 
There is established in the legislative branch a commission to be known as the ‘‘Congressional Commission to Review Con-gressional Oversight of the Department of Homeland Security’’ (in this subtitle re-ferred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
SEC. 1713. MEMBERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) M EMBERS .—The Commission shall be composed of 6 members, of whom— (1) 1 member shall be appointed by the Ma-jority Leader of the Senate, in consultation with the leader of the House of Representa-tives who is a member of the political party of which the Majority Leader is a member, who shall serve as chairperson of the Com-mission; (2) 1 member shall be appointed by the Mi-nority Leader of the Senate, in consultation with the leader of the House of Representa-tives who is a member of the political party of which the Minority Leader is a member, who shall serve as vice chairperson of the Commission; (3) 1 member shall be appointed by the Ma-jority Leader of the Senate; (4) 1 member shall be appointed by the Mi-nority Leader of the Senate; (5) 1 member shall be appointed by the Ma-jority Leader of the House of Representa-tives; and (6) 1 member shall be appointed by the Mi-nority Leader of the House of Representa-tives. (b) E
XPERTISE .—In making appointments under this section, the individual making the appointment shall give consideration to— (1) individuals with expertise in homeland security and congressional oversight; and (2) individuals with prior senior leadership experience in the executive or legislative branch. (c) T
IMING OF APPOINTMENTS .—Appoint- ments to the Commission shall be made not later than 45 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (d) T
ERMS ; VACANCIES .—Each member shall be appointed for the duration of the Commis-sion. Any vacancy in the Commission shall not affect the powers of the Commission, and shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. (e) C
OMPENSATION .—Members of the Com-mission shall serve without pay. (f) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—Each member of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission. (g) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES .—The appro-priate Federal agencies or departments shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3822 June 12, 2018 
cooperate with the Commission in expedi-tiously providing to the members and em-ployees of the Commission appropriate secu-rity clearances to the extent possible, pursu-ant to existing procedures and requirements, except that no person shall be provided with access to classified information under this subtitle without the appropriate security clearances. 
SEC. 1714. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) S TUDY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOME-
LAND SECURITY .—The Commission shall con-duct a comprehensive study of the congres-sional oversight of the Department of Home-land Security, including its components, subcomponents, directorates, agencies, and any other entities within the Department to— (1) review the congressional oversight of the Department of Homeland Security; and (2) make recommendations on how con-gressional committee jurisdictions in the Senate and House of Representatives could be modified to promote homeland security and the efficiency and congressional over-sight of the Department. (b) R
EPORT .—Upon the affirmative vote of not less than 4 of the members of the Com-mission, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Com-mission based on the study carried out under subsection (a), together with the rec-ommendations of the Commission for such legislation or administrative actions as the Commission considers appropriate in light of the results of the study. (c) D
EADLINE .—The Commission shall sub-mit the report under subsection (b) not later than 9 months after the date on which a ma-jority of the members of the Commission are appointed. 
SEC. 1715. OPERATION AND POWERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) E XECUTIVE BRANCH ASSISTANCE .—The heads of the following agencies shall advise and consult with the Commission on matters within their respective areas of responsi-bility: (1) The Department of Homeland Security. (2) The Department of Justice. (3) The Department of State. (4) The Office of Management and Budget. (5) Any other agency, as determined by the Commission. (b) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet— (1) not later than 30 days after the date on which a majority of the members of the Commission have been appointed; and (2) at such times thereafter, at the call of the chairperson or vice chairperson. (c) R
ULES OF PROCEDURE .—The chairperson and vice chairperson shall, with the approval of a majority of the members of the Commis-sion, establish written rules of procedure for the Commission, which shall include a quorum requirement to conduct the business of the Commission. (d) H
EARINGS .—The Commission may, for the purpose of carrying out this subtitle, hold hearings, sit, and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. (e) C
ONTRACTS .—The Commission may con-tract with and compensate government and private agencies or persons for any purpose necessary to enable it to carry out this sub-title. (f) M
AILS.—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other agencies of the Federal Government. (g) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-ices or property. (h) A
SSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (1) GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION .— The Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission on a reimburs-able basis administrative support and other services for the performance of the functions of the Commission. (2) O
THER DEPARTMENTS AND AGENCIES .—In addition to the assistance under paragraph (1), departments and agencies of the United States may provide to the Commission such services, funds, facilities, staff, and other support services as they may determine ad-visable and as may be authorized by law. 
SEC. 1716. FUNDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b) and the availability of appropriations, at the request of the chairperson of the Commis-sion, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall transfer funds, as specified in advance in appropriations Acts and in a total amount not to exceed $1,000,000, to the Commission for purposes of carrying out the activities of the Commission as provided in this subtitle. (b) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts transferred to the Commission under sub-section (a) shall remain available until the date on which the Commission terminates. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWFUNDING .—No addi- tional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for the Department of Homeland Security and transferred under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1717. PERSONNEL. 
(a) E XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The Commission shall have an Executive Director who shall be appointed by the chairperson with the concurrence of the vice chairperson. The Ex-ecutive Director shall be paid at a rate of pay established by the chairperson and vice chairperson, not to exceed the annual rate of basic pay payable for level V of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. (b) S
TAFF OF THE COMMISSION .—The Execu-tive Director of the Commission may appoint and fix the pay of additional staff as the Ex-ecutive Director considers appropriate. (c) D
ETAILEES .—Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement from the Commis-sion, and such detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of his or her regular employment without interruption. (d) C
ONSULTANT SERVICES .—The Commis-sion is authorized to procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid a person occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 1718. TERMINATION. 
The Commission shall terminate not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Technical and Conforming Amendments 
SEC. 1731. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO THE HOMELAND SECURITY ACT OF 2002. 
(a) T ITLE IV.—Title IV of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) In section 427 (6 U.S.C. 235), by striking subsection (c). (2) By striking section 431 (6 U.S.C. 239). (3) In section 476 (6 U.S.C. 296)— (A) by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Border Se-curity’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement’’. (4) In section 478 (6 U.S.C. 298)— (A) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ANNUAL REPORT ON ’’ before ‘‘ IMMIGRATION ’’; (B) by striking subsection (b); (C) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘R
EPORT .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘One year’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EPORT .—One year’’; and (ii) by redesignating paragraph (2) as sub-section (b) and adjusting the margin accord-ingly; and (D) in subsection (b), as so redesignated— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘M
ATTER IN -
CLUDED ’’ and inserting ‘‘M ATTER INCLUDED ’’; and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (H) as paragraphs (1) through (8), re-spectively, and adjusting the margin accord-ingly. (b) T
ITLE VIII.—Section 812 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2222; 5 U.S.C. App., note to section 6 of Public Law 95–452) is amended as follows: (1) By redesignating such section 812 as section 811. (2) By striking subsections (a) and (c). (3) In subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘(as added by subsection (a) of this section)’’ each place it appears; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as subsections (b), (c), and (d), respec-tively, and adjusting the margin accord-ingly; (C) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and adjusting the margin accordingly; and (D) by striking ‘‘(b) P
ROMULGATION OF INI-
TIAL GUIDELINES .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In this subsection’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section’’. (4) In subsection (b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘I
N GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘I N G
ENERAL ’’. (5) In subsection (c), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS ’’. (6) In subsection (d), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘N
O LAPSE OF AUTHORITY ’’ and in- serting ‘‘N
OLAPSE OF AUTHORITY ’’. (c) T
ITLE IX.—Section 903(a) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 493(a)) is amended in the subsection heading by strik-ing ‘‘M
EMBERS —’’ and inserting ‘‘M EMBERS .— ’’. (d) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 is amended as follows: (1) By striking the item relating to section 478 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 478. Annual report on immigration functions.’’. (2) By striking the items relating to sec-tions 811 and 812 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 811. Law enforcement powers of In-spector General agents.’’. DIVISION F—TSA MODERNIZATION ACT 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘TSA Modernization Act’’. (b) R
EFERENCES TO TITLE 49, U NITED  S
TATES CODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, wherever in this division an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a section or other pro-vision of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 2002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the TSA. (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3823 June 12, 2018 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (i) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; (ii) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (iii) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—In title III, the term ‘‘ap-propriate committees of Congress’’ includes the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. (3) ASAC.—The term ‘‘ASAC’’ means the Aviation Security Advisory Committee es-tablished under section 44946 of title 49, United States Code. (4) E
XPLOSIVE DETECTION CANINE TEAM .— The term ‘‘explosives detection canine team’’ means a canine and a canine handler that are trained to detect explosives and other threats as defined by the Secretary. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (6) TSA.—The term ‘‘TSA’’ means the Transportation Security Administration. TITLE I—ORGANIZATION AND AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 114(w) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(w) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Transportation Security Administration for salaries, operations, and maintenance of the Administration— ‘‘(1) $7,849,247,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $7,888,494,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(3) $7,917,936,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’. 
SEC. 2102. ADMINISTRATOR OF THE TRANSPOR-TATION SECURITY ADMINISTRA-TION; 5-YEAR TERM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 114, as amended by section 2101, is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Depart-ment of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) L
EADERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) H
EAD OF TRANSPORTATION SECURITY AD -
MINISTRATION .— ‘‘(A) A
PPOINTMENT .—The head of the Ad-ministration shall be the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘Adminis-trator’). The Administrator shall be ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Administrator must— ‘‘(i) be a citizen of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) have experience in a field directly re-lated to transportation or security. ‘‘(C) T
ERM.—Effective with respect to any individual appointment by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-ate, after August 1, 2017, the term of office of an individual appointed as the Administrator shall be 5 years. ‘‘(2) D
EPUTY ADMINISTRATOR .— ‘‘(A) A
PPOINTMENT .—There is established in the Transportation Security Administration a Deputy Administrator, who shall assist the Administrator in the management of the Transportation Security Administration. The Deputy Administrator shall be ap-pointed by the President. ‘‘(B) V
ACANCY .—The Deputy Administrator shall be Acting Administrator during the ab-sence or incapacity of the Administrator or during a vacancy in the office of Adminis-trator. ‘‘(C) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Deputy Admin-istrator must— ‘‘(i) be a citizen of the United States; and ‘‘(ii) have experience in a field directly re-lated to transportation or security. ‘‘(3) CHIEF COUNSEL .— ‘‘(A) A
PPOINTMENT .—There is established in the Transportation Security Administration a Chief Counsel, who shall advise the Admin-istrator and other senior officials on all legal matters relating to the responsibilities, functions, and management of the Transpor-tation Security Administration. The Chief Counsel shall be appointed by the President. The Chief Counsel shall be Acting Deputy Administrator during the absence or inca-pacity of the Deputy Administrator or dur-ing a vacancy in the office of the Deputy Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Chief Counsel must be a citizen of the United States.’’; (3) in subsections (c), (e) through (n), (p), (q), and (r), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Admin-istrator’’; and (4) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) F
UNCTIONS .—The Administrator shall be responsible for— ‘‘(1) carrying out chapter 449, relating to civil aviation security, and related research and development activities; ‘‘(2) security in land-based transportation, including railroad, highway, pipeline, public transportation, and over-the-road bus; and ‘‘(3) supporting the Coast Guard with mari-time security.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 114, as amended by sub-section (a), is further amended— (1) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Subject to the direction and control of the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to the direction and control of the Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; (2) in subsection (j)(1)(D), by inserting ‘‘of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; (3) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘functions transferred, on or after the date of enact-ment of the Aviation and Transportation Se-curity Act,’’ and inserting ‘‘functions as-signed’’; (4) in subsection (l)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘Ad-ministrator under subparagraph (A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration under subparagraph (A)’’; (5) in subsection (n), by striking ‘‘Depart-ment of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security’’; (6) in subsection (o), by striking ‘‘Depart-ment of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘De-partment of Homeland Security’’; (7) in subsection (p)(4), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (8) in subsection (s)— (A) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘)’’ after ‘‘Act of 2007’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘S
UBMIS -
SIONS OF PLANS TO CONGRESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘S
UBMISSION OF PLANS ’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (A); (iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (E) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively; (iv) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘S
UBSE -
QUENT VERSIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘I N GEN -
ERAL ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘After December 31, 2015, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (v) in subparagraph (B)(ii)(III)(cc), as re-designated, by striking ‘‘for the Depart-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘for the Department of Homeland Security’’; (9) by redesignating subsections (u), (v), and (w) as subsections (t), (u), and (v), re-spectively; (10) in subsection (t), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (D); and (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D); (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Plan, the Sec-retary’’; (C) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘agency within the Department’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; (D) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) ANNUAL REPORT ON PLAN .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security shall annually submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing the Plan.’’; and (E) in paragraphs (7) and (8), by inserting ‘‘of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; and (11) in subsection (u), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or the Administrator’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘Secretary’s designee’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Defense’s designee’’; (B) in subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E) of paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’ each place it ap-pears; (C) in paragraph (4)(A), by inserting ‘‘of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; (D) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; and (E) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Not later than December 31, 2008, and annually thereafter, the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraph (D). (c) E
XECUTIVE SCHEDULE .— (1) A
DMINISTRATOR OF THE TSA .— (A) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL II .—Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Manage-ment the following: ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration.’’. (B) B
ONUS ELIGIBILITY .—Section 101(c)(2) of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (5 U.S.C. 5313 note) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘on the Secretary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘on the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity’s’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’s’’. (2) D
EPUTY ADMINISTRATOR OF THE TSA .— Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to the Deputy Administrator, Federal Avia-tion Administration the following: ‘‘Deputy Administrator, Transportation Security Administration.’’. (3) C
HIEF COUNSEL OF THE TSA .—Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to the Deputy Administrator, Federal Aviation Ad-ministration the following: ‘‘Chief Counsel, Transportation Security Administration.’’. 
SEC. 2103. TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINIS-TRATION ORGANIZATION. 
Section 114, as amended by sections 2101 and 2102, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(w) L
EADERSHIP AND ORGANIZATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3824 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For each of the areas de-scribed in paragraph (2), the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion shall appoint at least 1 individual who shall— ‘‘(A) report directly to the Administrator or the Administrator’s designated direct re-port; and ‘‘(B) be responsible and accountable for that area. ‘‘(2) A
REAS DESCRIBED .—The areas de-scribed in this paragraph are as follows: ‘‘(A) Aviation security operations and training, including risk-based, adaptive secu-rity focused on airport checkpoint and bag-gage screening operations, workforce train-ing and development programs, and other specialized programs designed to secure air transportation. ‘‘(B) Surface transportation security oper-ations and training, including risk-based, adaptive security focused on accomplishing security systems assessments, reviewing and prioritizing projects for appropriated surface transportation security grants, operator compliance with voluntary industry stand-ards, workforce training and development programs, and other specialized programs de-signed to secure surface transportation. ‘‘(C) Air cargo security operations, includ-ing risk-based, adaptive security focused on air cargo operations, inspections, and other specialized programs designed to secure cargo. ‘‘(D) Industry engagement and planning, including the development, interpretation, promotion, and oversight of a unified effort regarding risk-based, risk-reducing security policies and plans (including strategic plan-ning for future contingencies and security challenges) between government and trans-portation stakeholders, including airports, domestic and international airlines, general aviation, air cargo, mass transit and pas-senger rail, freight rail, pipeline, highway and motor carriers, and maritime. ‘‘(E) International strategy and operations, including agency efforts to work with inter-national partners to secure the global trans-portation network. ‘‘(F) Trusted and registered traveler pro-grams, including the management and mar-keting of the agency’s trusted traveler ini-tiatives, including the PreCheck Program, and coordination with trusted traveler pro-grams of other Department of Homeland Se-curity agencies and the private sector. ‘‘(G) Technology acquisition and deploy-ment, including the oversight, development, testing, evaluation, acquisition, deployment, and maintenance of security technology and other acquisition programs. ‘‘(H) Inspection and compliance, including the integrity, efficiency and effectiveness of the agency’s workforce, operations, and pro-grams through objective audits, covert test-ing, inspections, criminal investigations, and regulatory compliance. ‘‘(I) Civil rights, liberties, and traveler en-gagement, including ensuring that agency employees and the traveling public are treat-ed in a fair and lawful manner consistent with Federal laws and regulations protecting privacy and prohibiting discrimination and reprisal. ‘‘(J) Legislative and public affairs, includ-ing communication and engagement with in-ternal and external audiences in a timely, accurate, and transparent manner, and de-velopment and implementation of strategies within the agency to achieve congressional approval or authorization of agency pro-grams and policies. ‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATION .—The Administrator shall transmit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress— ‘‘(A) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the TSA Modernization Act, a list of the names of the individuals ap-pointed under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) an update of the list not later than 5 days after any new individual is appointed under paragraph (1).’’. SEC. 2104. TSA LEAP PAY REFORM. 
(a) D EFINITION OF BASIC PAY.—Clause (ii) of section 8331(3)(E) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) received after September 11, 2001, by a Federal air marshal or criminal investigator (as defined in section 5545a(a)(2)) of the Transportation Security Administration, subject to all restrictions and earning limi-tations imposed on criminal investigators receiving such pay under section 5545a, in-cluding the premium pay limitations under section 5547;’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), this section, and the amendments made by this section, shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period commencing on or after the date of enactment of this section. (2) R
ETROACTIVE APPLICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any availability pay re-ceived for any pay period commencing before the date of enactment of this Act by a Fed-eral air marshal or criminal investigator em-ployed by the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall be deemed basic pay under section 8331(3) of title 5, United States Code, if the Transportation Security Admin-istration treated such pay as retirement- creditable basic pay, but the Office of Per-sonnel Management, based on an interpreta-tion of section 8331(3) of title 5, United States Code, did not accept such pay as re-tirement-creditable basic pay. (B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 3 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall commence taking such actions as are necessary to implement the amendments made by this section with re-spect to availability pay deemed to be basic pay under subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 2105. TRANSMITTALS TO CONGRESS. 
With regard to each report, legislative pro-posal, or other communication of the Execu-tive Branch related to the TSA and required to be submitted to Congress or the appro-priate committees of Congress, the Adminis-trator shall transmit such communication directly to the appropriate committees of Congress. TITLE II—TRANSPORTATION SECURITY Subtitle A—Security Technology 
SEC. 2201. THIRD PARTY TESTING AND EVALUA-TION OF SCREENING TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out the re-sponsibilities under section 114(f)(9), the Ad-ministrator shall develop and implement, not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, a program to enable a ven-dor of related security screening technology to obtain testing and verification, including as an alternative to the TSA’s test and eval-uation process, by an appropriate third party, of such technology before procure-ment or deployment. (b) D
ETECTION TESTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The third party testing and verification program authorized under subsection (a) shall include detection testing to evaluate the performance of the security screening technology system regarding the probability of detection, the probability of false alarm, and such other indicators that the system is able to meet the TSA’s mission needs. (2) R
ESULTS .—The results of the third party detection testing under paragraph (1) shall be considered final if the results are ap-proved by the Administration in accordance with approval standards developed by the Administrator. (3) COORDINATION WITH FINAL TESTING .—To the extent practicable, but without compro-mising the integrity of the TSA test and evaluation process, the Administrator shall coordinate the third party detection testing under paragraph (1) with any subsequent, final Federal Government testing. (4) I
NTERNATIONAL STANDARDS .—To the ex-tent practicable and permissible under law and considering the national security inter-ests of the United States, the Administrator shall— (A) share detection testing information and standards with appropriate international partners; and (B) coordinate with the appropriate inter-national partners to align TSA testing and evaluation with relevant international standards to maximize the capability to de-tect explosives and other threats. (c) O
PERATIONAL TESTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the third party testing and verification pro-gram authorized under subsection (a) shall include operational testing. (2) L
IMITATION .—Third party operational testing under paragraph (1) may not exceed 1 year. (d) A
LTERNATIVE .—Third party testing under subsection (a) shall replace as an al-ternative, at the discretion of the Adminis-trator, the testing at the TSA Systems Inte-gration Facility, including operational test-ing for— (1) health and safety factors; (2) operator interface; (3) human factors; (4) environmental factors; (5) throughput; (6) reliability, maintainability, and avail-ability factors; and (7) interoperability. (e) T
ESTING AND VERIFICATION FRAME -
WORK .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall— (A) establish a framework for the third party testing and for verifying a security technology is operationally effective and able to meet the TSA’s mission needs before it may enter or re-enter, as applicable, the operational context at an airport or other transportation facility; (B) use phased implementation to allow the TSA and the third party to establish best practices; and (C) oversee the third party testing and evaluation framework. (2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Administrator shall request ASAC’s Security Technology Subcommittee, in consultation with rep-resentatives of the security manufacturers industry, to develop and submit to the Ad-ministrator recommendations for the third party testing and verification framework. (f) F
IELD TESTING .—The Administrator shall prioritize the field testing and evalua-tion, including by third parties, of security technology and equipment at airports and on site at security technology manufacturers whenever possible as an alternative to the TSA Systems Integration Facility. 
SEC. 2202. RECIPROCAL RECOGNITION OF SECU-RITY STANDARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator, in co-ordination with appropriate international aviation security authorities, shall develop a validation process for the reciprocal recogni-tion of security equipment technology ap-provals among international security part-ners or recognized certification authorities for deployment. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—The validation process shall ensure that the certification by each participating international security partner or recognized certification authority com-plies with detection, qualification, and infor-mation security, including cybersecurity, standards of the TSA, the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3825 June 12, 2018 
Homeland Security, and the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology. 
SEC. 2203. TRANSPORTATION SECURITY LABORA-TORY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Administrator, shall administer the Transportation Security Laboratory. (b) P
ERIODIC REVIEWS .—The Administrator shall review the screening technology test and evaluation process conducted at the Transportation Security Laboratory to im-prove the coordination, collaboration, and communication between the Transportation Security Laboratory and the Office of Acqui-sition Program Management at the TSA to identify factors contributing to acquisition inefficiencies, develop strategies to reduce acquisition inefficiencies, facilitate more ex-peditious initiation and completion of test-ing, and identify how laboratory practices can better support acquisition decisions. 
SEC. 2204. INNOVATION TASK FORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish an innovation task force— (1) to cultivate innovations in aviation se-curity; (2) to develop and recommend how to prioritize and streamline requirements for new approaches to aviation security; (3) to accelerate the development and in-troduction of new innovative aviation secu-rity technologies and improvements to avia-tion security operations; and (4) to provide industry with access to the airport environment during the technology development and assessment process to dem-onstrate the technology and to collect data to understand and refine technical oper-ations and human factor issues. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—The task force shall— (1) conduct activities to identify and de-velop an innovative technology, emerging se-curity capability, or process designed to en-hance aviation security, including— (A) by conducting a field demonstration of such a technology, capability, or process in the airport environment; (B) by gathering performance data from such a demonstration to inform the acquisi-tion process; and (C) by enabling a small business with an innovative technology or emerging security capability, but less than adequate resources, to participate in such a demonstration; (2) conduct at least quarterly collaboration meetings with industry, including air car-riers, airport operators, and other aviation security stakeholders to highlight and dis-cuss best practices on innovative security operations and technology evaluation and deployment; and (3) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an annual report on the effec-tiveness of key performance data from task force-sponsored projects and checkpoint en-hancements. (c) C
OMPOSITION .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Administrator, in consultation with the Chairperson of ASAC shall appoint the members of the task force. (2) C
HAIRPERSON .—The task force shall be chaired by the Administrator’s designee. (3) R
EPRESENTATION .—The task force shall be comprised of representatives of— (A) the relevant offices of the TSA; (B) if considered appropriate by the Ad-ministrator, the Science and Technology Di-rectorate of the Department of Homeland Se-curity; (C) any other component of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security that the Admin-istrator considers appropriate; and (D) such industry representatives as the Administrator considers appropriate. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require the acquisition or deployment of an innovative technology, emerging security capability, or process identified, developed, or rec-ommended under this section. (e) NONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Fed-eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the task force established under this section. 
SEC. 2205. 5-YEAR TECHNOLOGY INVESTMENT PLAN UPDATE. 
Section 1611(g) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 563(g)) is amended— (1) by striking the matter preceding para-graph (1) and inserting ‘‘The Administrator shall, in collaboration with relevant indus-try and government stakeholders, annually submit to Congress in an appendix to the budget request and publish in an unclassified format in the public domain—’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in paragraph (2), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) information about acquisitions com-pleted during the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year during which the report is sub-mitted.’’. 
SEC. 2206. BIOMETRICS EXPANSION. 
Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in coordination with the Commissioner of Cus-toms and Border Protection, shall— (1) assess the operational and security im-pact of using biometric technology to iden-tify passengers; (2) assess the effects on privacy of the ex-pansion of the use of biometric technology under paragraph (1), including methods to mitigate any risks to privacy identified by the Administrator related to the active or passive collection of biometric data; (3) facilitate, if appropriate, the deploy-ment of such biometric technology at check-points, screening lanes, bag drop and board-ing areas, and other areas where such de-ployment would enhance security and facili-tate passenger movement; (4) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the assessments under paragraph (1) and (2) and deployment under paragraph (3); and (5) if practicable, publish the assessment required by paragraph (2) on a publicly ac-cessible Internet website of the TSA. 
SEC. 2207. PILOT PROGRAM FOR AUTOMATED EXIT LANE TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall establish a pilot pro-gram to implement and evaluate the use of automated exit lane technology at small hub airports and nonhub airports (as those terms are defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code). (b) P
ARTNERSHIP .—The Administrator shall carry out the pilot program in partnership with the applicable airport directors. (c) C
OSTSHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of the pilot program under this section shall not exceed 85 percent of the total cost of the program. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the pilot program under this sec-tion $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021. (e) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date the pilot program is imple-mented, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the pilot program, including— (1) the extent of airport participation in the pilot program and how the program was implemented; (2) the results of the pilot program and any reported benefits, including the impact on security and any cost-related efficiencies re-alized by TSA or at the participating air-ports; and (3) the feasibility of expanding the pilot program to additional airports, including to medium and large hub airports. SEC. 2208. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS; EXIT LANE SECURITY. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 44903(n)(1) of title 49, United States Code, $77,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2019 through 2021. 
SEC. 2209. REAL-TIME SECURITY CHECKPOINT WAIT TIMES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall make available to the public information on wait times at each air-port security checkpoint. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The information de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be provided in real time via technology and published— (1) online; and (2) in physical locations at the applicable airport terminal. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Administrator shall make the information described in sub-section (a) available to the public in a man-ner that does not increase public area secu-rity risks. (d) D
EFINITION OF WAITTIME.—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘wait time’’ means the period beginning when a passenger enters a queue for a screening checkpoint and ending when that passenger exited the checkpoint. 
SEC. 2210. GAO REPORT ON UNIVERSAL DEPLOY-MENT OF ADVANCED IMAGING TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the cost to the TSA or an airport to rede-sign, if necessary, airport security areas to fully deploy advanced imaging technologies at each airport at which security screening operations are conducted or overseen by the TSA. (b) C
OSTANALYSIS .—As a part of the study conducted under subsection (a), the Comp-troller General shall identify the costs that would be incurred by the TSA or the air-port— (1) to purchase the equipment and other as-sets necessary to deploy advanced imaging technologies at the airport; (2) to install such equipment, including any related variant, and assets in the air-port; and (3) to maintain such equipment and assets. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the findings of the study under subsection (a). 
SEC. 2211. TESTING AND VERIFICATION PER-FORMANCE OBJECTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish performance objectives for the testing and verification of security tech-nology, including testing and verification conducted by third parties under section 2201, to ensure that progress is made, at a minimum, toward— (1) reducing time for each phase of testing while maintaining security (including test-ing for detection testing, operational test-ing, testing and verification framework, and field testing); (2) eliminating testing and verification delays; and (3) increasing accountability. (b) P
ERFORMANCE METRICS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall establish and continually track performance metrics for each type of security technology submitted for testing and verification, including test-ing and verification conducted by third par-ties under section 2201. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3826 June 12, 2018 
(2) M EASURING PROGRESS TOWARD GOALS .— The Administrator shall use the metrics es-tablished and tracked under paragraph (1) to generate data on an ongoing basis and to measure progress toward the achievement of the performance objectives established under subsection (a). (3) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report as-sessing the extent to which the performance objectives established under subsection (a), as measured by the performance metrics es-tablished and tracked under paragraph (1), have been met. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) a list of the performance metrics estab-lished under paragraph (1), including the length of time for each phase of testing and verification for each type of security tech-nology; and (ii) a comparison of the progress achieved for testing and verification of security tech-nology conducted by the TSA and the testing and verification of security technology con-ducted by third parties. (C) P
ROPRIETARY INFORMATION .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall— (i) not include identifying information re-garding an individual or entity or equip-ment; and (ii) protect proprietary information. 
SEC. 2212. COMPUTED TOMOGRAPHY PILOT PRO-GRAM. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator shall carry out a pilot program to test the use of screening equipment using computed tomog-raphy technology to screen baggage at pas-senger screening checkpoints at airports. 
SEC. 2213. NUCLEAR MATERIAL AND EXPLOSIVE DETECTION TECHNOLOGY. 
The Secretary, in coordination with the Director of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology and the head of each relevant Federal department or agency re-searching nuclear material detection sys-tems or explosive detection systems, shall research, facilitate, and, to the extent prac-ticable, deploy next generation technologies, including active neutron interrogation, to detect nuclear material and explosives in transportation systems and transportation facilities. Subtitle B—Public Area Security 
SEC. 2221. THIRD PARTY CANINES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, to enhance the efficiency and efficacy of trans-portation security by increasing the supply of canine teams for use by the TSA and transportation stakeholders, the Adminis-trator shall develop and issue standards that a third party explosives detection canine must satisfy to be certified for the screening of individuals and property, including detec-tion of explosive vapors among individuals and articles of property, in public areas of an airport under section 44901 of title 49, United States Code. (b) A
UGMENTING PUBLIC AREASECURITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall develop guidance on the coordination of de-velopment and deployment of explosives de-tection canine teams for use by transpor-tation stakeholders to enhance public area security at transportation hubs, including airports. (2) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the guid-ance under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall consult with such transportation stakeholders, canine providers, law enforce-ment, and transportation security providers as the Administrator considers relevant. (c) AGREEMENT .—Subject to subsections (d), (e), and (f), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall enter into an agreement with at least 1 third party to test and certify the capabilities of canines in accordance with the standards under subsection (a). (d) E
XPEDITED DEPLOYMENT .—In entering into an agreement under subsection (c), the Administrator shall use— (1) the other transaction authority under section 114(m) of title 49, United States Code; or (2) such other authority of the Adminis-trator as the Administrator considers appro-priate to expedite the deployment of addi-tional canine teams. (e) P
ROCESS .—Before entering into an agreement under subsection (c), the Admin-istrator shall— (1) evaluate and verify the third party’s ability to effectively evaluate the capabili-ties of canines; (2) designate at least 3 evaluation centers to which vendors may send canines for test-ing and certification by the third party; and (3) periodically assess the program at eval-uation centers to ensure the proficiency of the canines beyond the initial testing and certification by the third party. (f) C
ONSULTATION .—To determine best prac-tices for the use of third parties to test and certify the capabilities of canines, the Ad-ministrator shall consult with the following persons before entering into an agreement under subsection (c): (1) The Secretary of State. (2) The Secretary of Defense. (3) Non-profit organizations that train, cer-tify, and provide the services of canines for various purposes. (4) Institutions of higher education with research programs related to use of canines for the screening of individuals and property, including detection of explosive vapors among individuals and articles of property. (g) T
HIRD PARTY EXPLOSIVES DETECTION  C
ANINE PROVIDER LIST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop and maintain a list of the names of each third party from which the TSA procures explosive detection canines, including for each such third party the relevant contractual period of perform-ance. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Administrator shall make the list under paragraph (1) available to appropriate transportation stakeholders in such form and manner as the Adminis-trator prescribes. (h) O
VERSIGHT .—The Administrator shall establish a process to ensure appropriate oversight of the certification program and compliance with the standards under sub-section (a), including periodic audits of par-ticipating third parties. (i) A
UTHORIZATION .— (1) TSA.—The Administrator shall develop and implement a process for the TSA to pro-cure third party explosives detection canines certified under this section. (2) A
VIATION STAKEHOLDERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall authorize an aviation stakeholder, under the oversight of and in coordination with the Federal Security Director at an applicable airport, to contract with, procure or pur-chase, and deploy one or more third party explosives detection canines certified under this section to augment public area security at that airport. (B) A
PPLICABLE LARGE HUB AIRPORTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any law to the contrary and subject to the other pro-visions of this paragraph, an applicable large hub airport may provide a certified canine described in subparagraph (A) on an in-kind basis to the TSA to be deployed as a pas-senger screening canine at that airport un-less the applicable large hub airport consents to the use of that certified canine elsewhere. (ii) NONDEPLOYABLE CANINES .—Any cer-tified canine provided to the TSA under clause (i) that does not complete training for deployment under that clause shall be the responsibility of the large hub airport unless the TSA agrees to a different outcome. (C) H
ANDLERS .—Not later than 30 days be-fore an applicable large hub airport begins training a certified canine under subpara-graph (B), the airport shall notify the TSA of such training and the Administrator shall assign a TSA canine handler to participate in the training with that canine, as appro-priate. (D) L
IMITATION .—The Administrator may not reduce the staffing allocation model for an applicable large hub airport based on that airport’s provision of a certified canine under this paragraph. (j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPLICABLE LARGE HUB AIRPORT .—The term ‘‘applicable large hub airport’’ means a large hub airport (as defined in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code) that has less than 100 percent of the allocated passenger screening canine teams staffed by the TSA. (2) A
VIATION STAKEHOLDER .—The term ‘‘aviation stakeholder’’ includes an airport, airport operator, and air carrier. 
SEC. 2222. TRACKING AND MONITORING OF CA-NINE TRAINING AND TESTING. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall use, to the extent practicable, a digital monitoring system for all training, testing, and validation or certification of public and private canine assets utilized or funded by the TSA to facilitate improved review, data analysis, and record keeping of canine test-ing performance and program administra-tion. 
SEC. 2223. VIPR TEAM STATISTICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Administrator shall notify the appropriate committees of Con-gress of the number of VIPR teams available for deployment at transportation facilities, including— (1) the number of VIPR team operations that include explosive detection canine teams; and (2) the distribution of VIPR team oper-ations deployed across different modes of transportation. (b) A
NNEX .—The notification under sub-section (a) may contain a classified annex. (c) D
EFINITION OF VIPR T EAM.—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘VIPR’’ means a Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response team authorized under section 1303 of the National Transit Systems Security Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1112). 
SEC. 2224. PUBLIC AREA BEST PRACTICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall, in accordance with law and as received or de-veloped, periodically submit information, on any best practices developed by the TSA or appropriate transportation stakeholders re-lated to protecting the public spaces of transportation infrastructure from emerging threats, to the following: (1) Federal Security Directors at airports. (2) Appropriate security directors for other modes of transportation. (3) Other appropriate transportation secu-rity stakeholders. (b) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Adminis-trator shall, in accordance with law— (1) in coordination with the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and indus-try partners, implement improvements to the Air Domain Intelligence and Analysis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3827 June 12, 2018 
Center to encourage increased participation from stakeholders and enhance government and industry security information sharing on transportation security threats, including on cybersecurity threat awareness; (2) expand and improve the City and Air-port Threat Assessment or similar program to public and private stakeholders to cap-ture, quantify, communicate, and apply ap-plicable intelligence to inform transpor-tation infrastructure mitigation measures, such as— (A) quantifying levels of risk by airport that can be used to determine risk-based se-curity mitigation measures at each location; (B) determining random and surge em-ployee inspection operations based on chang-ing levels of risk; and (C) targeting any high-risk employee groups and specific points of risk within the airport perimeter for such mitigation meas-ures as random inspections; (3) continue to disseminate Transportation Intelligence Notes, tear-lines, and related in-telligence products to appropriate transpor-tation security stakeholders on a regular basis; and (4) continue to conduct both regular rou-tine and threat-specific classified briefings between the TSA and appropriate transpor-tation sector stakeholders on an individual or group basis to provide greater information sharing between public and private sectors. (c) M
ASS NOTIFICATION .—The Adminis-trator shall encourage security stakeholders to utilize mass notification systems, includ-ing the Integrated Public Alert Warning Sys-tem of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and social media platforms, to dis-seminate information to transportation com-munity employees, travelers, and the general public, as appropriate. (d) P
UBLIC AWARENESS PROGRAMS .—The Secretary, in coordination with the Adminis-trator, shall expand public programs of the Department of Homeland Security and the TSA that increase security threat aware-ness, education, and training to include transportation network public area employ-ees, including airport and transportation vendors, local hotels, cab and limousine companies, ridesharing companies, cleaning companies, gas station attendants, cargo op-erators, and general aviation members. (e) A
VIATION EMPLOYEE VETTING .—The Ad- ministrator shall allow an air carrier, air-port, or airport operator, in addition to any background check required for initial em-ployment, to utilize the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Rap Back Service and other vetting tools as appropriate, including the No-Fly and Selectee lists, to get immediate notification of any criminal activity relating to an employee with access to an airport or its perimeter, regardless of whether the em-ployee is seeking access to a public or se-cured area of the airport. 
SEC. 2225. LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER REIM-BURSEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with sec-tion 44903(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code, the Administrator shall increase the number of awards, and the total funding amount of each award, under the Law En-forcement Officer Reimbursement Program— (1) to increase the presence of law enforce-ment officers in the public areas of airports, including baggage claim, ticket counters, and nearby roads; (2) to increase the presence of law enforce-ment officers at screening checkpoints; (3) to reduce the response times of law en-forcement officers during security incidents; and (4) to provide visible deterrents to poten-tial terrorists. (b) C
OOPERATION BY ADMINISTRATOR .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Adminis-trator shall use the authority provided to the Administrator under section 114(m) of title 49, United States Code, that is the same authority as is provided to the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion under section 106(m) of that title. (c) ADMINISTRATIVE BURDENS .—The Admin-istrator shall review the regulations and compliance policies related to the Law En-forcement Officer Reimbursement Program and, if necessary, revise such regulations and policies to reduce any administrative bur-dens on applicants or recipients of such awards. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 44901(h) of title 49, United States Code, $55,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021. Subtitle C—Passenger and Cargo Security 
SEC. 2231. PRECHECK PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 44919 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 44919. PreCheck Program ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall continue to administer the PreCheck Program in accordance with section 109(a)(3) of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (49 U.S.C. 114 note). ‘‘(b) E
XPANSION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the TSA Mod-ernization Act, the Administrator shall enter into an agreement, using other trans-action authority under section 114(m) of this title, with at least 2 private sector entities to increase the methods and capabilities available for the public to enroll in the PreCheck Program. ‘‘(c) M
INIMUM CAPABILITY REQUIREMENTS .— At least 1 agreement under subsection (b) shall include the following capabilities: ‘‘(1) Start-to-finish secure online or mobile enrollment capability. ‘‘(2) Vetting of an applicant by means other than biometrics, such as a risk assess-ment, if— ‘‘(A) such means— ‘‘(i) are evaluated and certified by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security; ‘‘(ii) meet the definition of a qualified anti- terrorism technology under section 865 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 444); and ‘‘(iii) are determined by the Administrator to provide a risk assessment that is as effec-tive as a fingerprint-based criminal history records check conducted through the Federal Bureau of Investigation with respect to iden-tifying individuals who are not qualified to participate in the PreCheck Program due to disqualifying criminal history; and ‘‘(B) with regard to private sector risk as-sessments, the Secretary has certified that reasonable procedures are in place with re-gard to the accuracy, relevancy, and proper utilization of information employed in such risk assessments. ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL CAPABILITY REQUIRE -
MENTS .—At least 1 agreement under sub-section (b) shall include the following capa-bilities: ‘‘(1) Start-to-finish secure online or mobile enrollment capability. ‘‘(2) Vetting of an applicant by means of biometrics if the collection— ‘‘(A) is comparable with the appropriate and applicable standards developed by the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology; ‘‘(B) protects privacy and data security, in-cluding that any personally identifiable in-formation is collected, retained, used, and shared in a manner consistent with section 552a of title 5, United States Code (com-monly known as ‘Privacy Act of 1974’), and with agency regulations; and ‘‘(C) is evaluated and certified by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(e) TARGET ENROLLMENT .—Subject to sub-sections (b), (c), and (d), the Administrator shall take actions to expand the total num-ber of individuals enrolled in the PreCheck Program as follows: ‘‘(1) 7,000,000 passengers before October 1, 2019. ‘‘(2) 10,000,000 passengers before October 1, 2020. ‘‘(3) 15,000,000 passengers before October 1, 2021. ‘‘(f) M
ARKETING OF PRECHECK PROGRAM .— Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of the TSA Modernization Act, the Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) enter into at least 2 agreements, using other transaction authority under section 114(m) of this title, to market the PreCheck Program; and ‘‘(2) implement a long-term strategy for partnering with the private sector to encour-age enrollment in such program. ‘‘(g) I
DENTITY VERIFICATION ENHANCE -
MENT .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) coordinate with the heads of appro-priate components of the Department to le-verage Department-held data and tech-nologies to verify the identity and citizen-ship of individuals enrolling in the PreCheck Program; ‘‘(2) partner with the private sector to use biometrics and authentication standards, such as relevant standards developed by the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, to facilitate enrollment in the pro-gram; and ‘‘(3) consider leveraging the existing re-sources and abilities of airports to collect fingerprints for use in background checks to expedite identity verification. ‘‘(h) P
RECHECK PROGRAM LANES OPER-
ATION .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that PreCheck Program screen-ing lanes are open and available during peak and high-volume travel times at appropriate airports to individuals enrolled in the PreCheck Program; and ‘‘(2) make every practicable effort to pro-vide expedited screening at standard screen-ing lanes during times when PreCheck Pro-gram screening lanes are closed to individ-uals enrolled in the program in order to maintain operational efficiency. ‘‘(i) V
ETTING FOR PRECHECK PROGRAM PAR-
TICIPANTS .—The Administrator shall initiate an assessment to identify any security vulnerabilities in the vetting process for the PreCheck Program, including determining whether subjecting PreCheck Program par-ticipants to recurrent fingerprint-based criminal history records checks, in addition to recurrent checks against the terrorist watchlist, could be done in a cost-effective manner to strengthen the security of the PreCheck Program. ‘‘(j) A
SSURANCE OF SEPARATE PROGRAM .—In carrying out this section, the Administrator shall ensure that the additional private sec-tor application capabilities under sub-sections (b), (c), and (d) are undertaken in addition to any other related TSA program, initiative, or procurement, including the Universal Enrollment Services program. ‘‘(k) E
XPENDITURE OF FUNDS .—Any Federal funds expended by the Administrator to ex-pand PreCheck Program enrollment shall be expended in a manner that includes the re-quirements of this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Subtitle A of title III of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (49 U.S.C. 44901 note) and the items re-lating to that subtitle in the table of con-tents of that Act are repealed. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 449 is amended by amending 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3828 June 12, 2018 
the item relating to section 44919 to read as follows: ‘‘44919. PreCheck Program.’’. (3) S
CREENING PASSENGERS AND PROPERTY .— Section 44901(a) is amended by striking ‘‘44919 or’’. 
SEC. 2232. TRUSTED TRAVELER PROGRAMS; COL-LABORATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall— (1) review each trusted traveler program administered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the PreCheck Program; (2) identify any improvements that can be made to such programs— (A) to streamline and integrate the re-quirements and operations of such programs to reduce administrative burdens, including applications for inclusion and determining whether a valid credential can satisfy the re-quirements for another credential; (B) to increase information and data shar-ing across such programs; and (C) to allow the public to access and link to the applications for enrollment in all of such programs from 1 online portal; (3) identify any law, including regulations, policy, or procedure that may unnecessarily inhibit collaboration among Department of Homeland Security agencies regarding such programs or implementation of the improve-ments identified under paragraph (2); (4) recommend any legislative, administra-tive, or other actions that can be taken to eliminate any unnecessary barriers to col-laboration or implementation identified in paragraph (3); and (5) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the review, including any unnecessary barriers to collaboration or implementation identified under paragraph (3), and any recommendations under para-graph (4). 
SEC. 2233. PASSENGER SECURITY FEE. 
Section 44940(c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) O
FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Beginning on October 1, 2025, fees collected under sub-section (a)(1) for any fiscal year shall be credited as offsetting collections to appro-priations made for aviation security meas-ures carried out by the Transportation Secu-rity Administration, to remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 2234. THIRD PARTY CANINE TEAMS FOR AIR CARGO SECURITY. 
Section 1307 of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1116) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) T
HIRD PARTY CANINE TEAMS FOR AIR C
ARGO SECURITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to enhance the screening of air cargo and ensure that third party explosives detection canine assets are leveraged for such purpose, the Adminis-trator shall, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the TSA Modernization Act— ‘‘(A) develop and issue standards for the use of such third party explosives detection canine assets for the primary screening of air cargo; ‘‘(B) develop a process to identify qualified non-Federal entities that will certify canine assets that meet the standards established by the Administrator under subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) ensure that entities qualified to cer-tify canine assets shall be independent from entities that will train and provide canines to end users of such canine assets; ‘‘(D) establish a system of Transportation Security Administration audits of the proc-ess developed under subparagraph (B); and ‘‘(E) provide that canines certified for the primary screening of air cargo can be used by air carriers, foreign air carriers, freight forwarders, and shippers. ‘‘(2) IMPLEMENTATION .—Beginning on the date that the development of the process under paragraph (1)(B) is complete, the Ad-ministrator shall— ‘‘(A) facilitate the deployment of such as-sets that meet the certification standards of the Administration, as determined by the Administrator; ‘‘(B) make such standards available to ven-dors seeking to train and deploy third party explosives detection canine assets; and ‘‘(C) ensure that all costs for the training and certification of canines, and for the use of supplied canines, are borne by private in-dustry and not the Federal Government. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
IR CARRIER .—The term ‘air carrier’ has the meaning given the term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. ‘‘(B) F
OREIGN AIR CARRIER .—The term ‘for-eign air carrier’ has the meaning given the term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. ‘‘(C) T
HIRD PARTY EXPLOSIVES DETECTION  
CANINE ASSET .—The term ‘third party explo-sives detection canine asset’ means any ex-plosives detection canine or handler not owned or employed, respectively, by the Transportation Security Administration.’’. 
SEC. 2235. KNOWN SHIPPER PROGRAM REVIEW. 
The Administrator shall direct the Air Cargo Subcommittee of ASAC— (1) to conduct a comprehensive review and security assessment of the Known Shipper Program; (2) to recommend whether the Known Ship-per Program should be modified or elimi-nated considering the full implementation of 100 percent screening under section 44901(g) of title 49, United States Code; and (3) to report its findings and recommenda-tions to the Administrator. 
SEC. 2236. SCREENING PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM UPDATES. 
(a) S ECURITY SCREENING OPT-OUTPRO-
GRAM .—Section 44920 is amended— (1) in the heading by striking ‘‘ Security screening opt-out program’’ and inserting ‘‘Screening partnership program’’; (2) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An operator of an air-port, airport terminal, or airport security checkpoint may submit to the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion an application to carry out the screen-ing of passengers and property at the airport under section 44901 by personnel of a quali-fied private screening company pursuant to a contract with the Transportation Security Administration.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of an application submitted by an operator of an airport, air-port terminal, or airport security checkpoint under subsection (a), the Administrator shall approve or deny the application.’’; and (B) in paragraphs (2) and (3), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘S
TAND -
ARDS ’’ inserting ‘‘S ELECTION OF CONTRACTS  
ANDSTANDARDS ’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (C) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Under Secretary may enter’’ and all that follows through ‘‘cer-tifies to Congress that—’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator shall, upon approval of the application, provide each operator of an air-port, airport terminal, or airport security checkpoint with a list of qualified private screening companies.’’; and (ii) by inserting before subparagraphs (A) and (B) the following: ‘‘(2) CONTRACTS .—Not later than 90 days after the selection of a qualified private screening company by the operator, the Ad-ministrator shall enter into a contract with such company for the provision of screening at the airport, airport terminal, or airport security checkpoint if—’’; and (D) in paragraph (2), as redesignated— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (II) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the selected qualified private screen-ing company offered contract price is equal to or less than the cost to the Federal Gov-ernment to provide screening services at the airport, airport terminal, or airport security checkpoint.’’; and (E) in paragraph (3), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraph (2)(B)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (5) in subsection (e)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘S
CREENED ’’ and inserting ‘‘S
CREENING ’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; (C) by striking ‘‘The Under Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator shall—’’; (D) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘provide Fed-eral Government’’ and indenting appro-priately; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) undertake covert testing and remedial training support for employees of private screening companies providing screening at airports.’’; (6) in subsection (f)— (A) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
ORSUS-
PENSION ’’ after ‘‘T ERMINATION ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘terminate’’ and inserting ‘‘suspend or terminate, as appropriate,’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (7) by striking subsection (h). (b) A
PPLICATIONS SUBMITTED BEFORE THE  D
ATE OF ENACTMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall approve or deny, in ac-cordance with section 44920(b) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, each application submitted before the date of enactment of this Act, by an airport oper-ator under subsection (a) of that section, that is awaiting such a determination. 
SEC. 2237. SCREENING PERFORMANCE ASSESS-MENTS. 
Subject to part 1520 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, the Administrator shall quarterly make available to the airport di-rector of an airport— (1) an assessment of the screening perform-ance of that airport compared to the mean average performance of all airports in the equivalent airport category for screening performance data; and (2) a briefing on the results of performance data reports, including— (A) a scorecard of objective metrics devel-oped by the Office of Security Operations to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3829 June 12, 2018 
measure screening performance, such as re-sults of annual proficiency reviews and cov-ert testing, at the appropriate level of classi-fication; and (B) other performance data, including— (i) passenger throughput; (ii) wait times; and (iii) employee attrition, absenteeism, in-jury rates, and any other human capital measures collected by TSA. 
SEC. 2238. TSA ACADEMY REVIEW. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct an assessment of the efficiency and effectiveness of the new-hire TSA Acad-emy at training airport security personnel compared to when such training of transpor-tation security officers was conducted at local airports; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the findings of the assessment and any recommendations to maximize the efficiency and effectiveness of training for airport security personnel. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment shall— (1) include a cost-benefit analysis of train-ing new Transportation Security Officer and Screening Partnership Program contractor hires at the TSA Academy compared to when such training of transportation security offi-cers was conducted at local airports; (2) examine the impact on performance, professionalism, and retention rates of Transportation Security Officer and Screen-ing Partnership Program contractor employ-ees since the new training protocols at the TSA Academy have been put in place com-pared to when training was conducted at local airports; and (3) examine whether new hire training at the TSA Academy has had any impact on the airports and companies that participate in the Screening Partnership Program. 
SEC. 2239. IMPROVEMENTS FOR SCREENING OF DISABLED PASSENGERS. 
(a) R EVISED TRAINING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with nation-ally-recognized veterans and disability orga-nizations, shall revise the training require-ments for Transportation Security Officers related to the screening of disabled pas-sengers, including disabled passengers who participate in the PreCheck program. (2) T
RAINING SPECIFICATIONS .—In revising the training requirements under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall address the prop-er screening, and any particular sensitivities related to the screening, of a disabled pas-senger traveling with— (A) a medical device, including an indwell-ing medical device; (B) a prosthetic; (C) a wheelchair, walker, scooter, or other mobility device; or (D) a service animal. (3) T
RAINING FREQUENCY .—The Adminis-trator shall implement the revised training under paragraph (1) during initial and recur-rent training of all Transportation Security Officers. (b) B
ESTPRACTICES .—The individual at the TSA responsible for civil rights, liberties, and traveler engagement shall— (1) record each complaint from a disabled passenger regarding the screening practice of the TSA; (2) identify the most frequent concerns raised, or accommodations requested, in the complaints; (3) determine the best practices for ad-dressing the concerns and requests identified in paragraph (2); and (4) recommend appropriate training based on such best practices. (c) SIGNAGE .—At each category X airport, the TSA shall place signage at each security checkpoint that— (1) specifies how to contact the appropriate TSA employee at the airport designated to address complaints of screening mistreat-ment based on disability; and (2) describes how to receive assistance from that individual or other qualified per-sonnel at the security screening checkpoint. (d) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not later than September 30 of the first full fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the checkpoint expe-riences of disabled passengers, including the following: (1) The number and most frequent types of disability-related complaints received. (2) The best practices recommended under subsection (b) to address the top areas of concern. (3) The estimated wait times for assist re-quests for disabled passengers, including dis-abled passengers who participate in the PreCheck program. 
SEC. 2240. AIR CARGO ADVANCE SCREENING PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Ad-ministrator, consistent with the require-ments of the Trade Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–210) shall— (1) establish an air cargo advance screening program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘ACAS Program’’) for the collection of ad-vance electronic information from air car-riers and other persons within the supply chain regarding cargo being transported to the United States by air; (2) under such program, require that such information be transmitted by such air car-riers and other persons at the earliest point practicable prior to loading of such cargo onto an aircraft destined to or transiting through the United States; (3) establish appropriate communications systems with freight forwarders, shippers, and air carriers; (4) establish a system that will allow freight forwarders, shippers, and air carriers to provide shipment level data for air cargo, departing from any location that is inbound to the United States; and (5) identify opportunities in which the in-formation furnished in compliance with the ACAS Program could be used by the Admin-istrator. (b) I
NSPECTION OF HIGH-RISK CARGO .—Under the ACAS Program, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Administrator shall ensure that all cargo that has been identified as high-risk is in-spected— (1) prior to the loading of such cargo onto aircraft at the last point of departure, or (2) at an earlier point in the supply chain, before departing for the United States. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the ACAS Program, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Ad-ministrator shall consult with relevant stakeholders, as appropriate, to ensure that an operationally feasible and practical ap-proach to— (1) the collection of advance information with respect to cargo on aircraft departing for the United States is applied, and (2) the inspection of high-risk cargo, recog-nizes the significant differences among air cargo business models and modes of trans-portation. (d) A
NALYSIS .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Ad-ministrator may analyze the information de-scribed in subsection (a) in the Department of Homeland Security’s automated targeting system and integrate such information with other intelligence to enhance the accuracy of the risk assessment process under the ACAS Program. (e) NODUPLICATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Administrator shall carry out this section in a manner that, after the ACAS Program is fully in effect, ensures, to the greatest ex-tent practicable, that the ACAS Program does not duplicate other Department of Homeland Security programs or require-ments relating to the submission of air cargo data or the inspection of high-risk cargo. (f) C
ONSIDERATION OF INDUSTRY .—In car- rying out the ACAS Program, the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion and the Administrator shall— (1) consider the content and timeliness of the available data may vary among entities in the air cargo industry and among coun-tries, and explore procedures to accommo-date such variations while maximizing the contribution of such data to the risk assess-ment process under the ACAS Program; (2) test the business processes, tech-nologies, and operational procedures re-quired to provide advance information with respect to cargo on aircraft departing for the United States and carry out related inspec-tion of high-risk cargo, while ensuring delays and other negative impacts on vital supply chains are minimized; and (3) consider the cost, benefit, and feasi-bility before establishing any set time period for submission of certain elements of the data for air cargo under this section in line with the regulatory guidelines specified in Executive Order 13563 or any successor Exec-utive order or regulation. (g) G
UIDANCE .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Ad-ministrator shall provide guidance for par-ticipants in the ACAS Program regarding the requirements for participation, including requirements for transmitting shipment level data. (h) U
SE OF DATA.—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Administrator shall use the data provided under the ACAS Program for targeting ship-ments for screening and aviation security purposes only. (i) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in coordination with the Admin-istrator, shall issue a final regulation to im-plement the ACAS Program to include the electronic transmission to U.S. Customs and Border Protection of data elements for tar-geting cargo, including appropriate security elements of shipment level data. (j) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the commencement of the ACAS Program, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Adminis-trator shall submit to the appropriate Com-mittees of Congress a report detailing the operational implementation of providing ad-vance information under the ACAS Program and the value of such information in tar-geting cargo. 
SEC. 2241. GENERAL AVIATION AIRPORTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Securing General Aviation and Charter Air Carrier Service Act’’. (b) A
DVANCED PASSENGER PRESCREENING  S
YSTEM .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on the status of the deployment of the advanced passenger prescreening system, and access thereto for certain aircraft charter operators, as re-quired by section 44903(j)(2)(E) of title 49, United States Code, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3830 June 12, 2018 
(1) the reasons for the delay in deploying the system; and (2) a detailed schedule of actions necessary for the deployment of the system. (c) S
CREENING SERVICES OTHER THAN IN  P
RIMARY PASSENGER TERMINALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the provisions of this subsection, the Administrator may provide screening services to a charter air carrier in an area other than the primary passenger terminal of an applicable airport. (2) R
EQUESTS .—A request for screening services under paragraph (1) shall be made at such time, in such form, and in such manner as the Administrator may require, except that the request shall be made to the Federal Security Director for the applicable airport at which the screening services are re-quested. (3) A
VAILABILITY .—A Federal Security Di-rector may provide requested screening serv-ices under this section if the Federal Secu-rity Director determines such screening services are available. (4) A
GREEMENTS .— (A) L
IMITATION .—No screening services may be provided under this section unless a charter air carrier agrees in writing to com-pensate the TSA for all reasonable costs, in-cluding overtime, of providing the screening services. (B) P
AYMENTS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, payment received under subparagraph (A) shall be credited to the account that was used to cover the cost of providing the screening services. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in that account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as other amounts in that account. (5) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) A
PPLICABLE AIRPORT .—The term ‘‘appli-cable airport’’ means an airport that— (i) is not a commercial service airport; and (ii) is receiving screening services for scheduled passenger aircraft. (B) C
HARTER AIR CARRIER .—The term ‘‘charter air carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 40102 of title 49, United States Code. (C) S
CREENING SERVICES .—The term ‘‘screening services’’ means the screening of passengers and property similar to the screening of passengers and property de-scribed in section 44901 of title 49, United States Code. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator, in consultation with the ASAC, shall, consistent with the requirements of paragraphs (6) and (7) of section 44946(b) of title 49, United States Code, submit to the appropriate Committees of Congress an im-plementation plan, including an implemen-tation schedule, for any of the following rec-ommendations that were adopted by the ASAC and with which the Administrator has concurred before the date of the enactment of this Act: (1) The recommendation regarding general aviation access to Ronald Reagan Wash-ington National Airport, as adopted on Feb-ruary 17, 2015. (2) The recommendation regarding the vet-ting of persons seeking flight training in the United States, as adopted on July 28, 2016. (3) Any other such recommendations rel-evant to the security of general aviation adopted before the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) D
ESIGNATED STAFFING .—The Adminis-trator may designate 1 or more full-time em-ployees of the TSA to liaise with, and re-spond to issues raised by, general aviation stakeholders. (f) S
ECURITY ENHANCEMENTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the ASAC, shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the feasibility of requiring a security threat assessment before an individual could obtain training from a private flight school to oper-ate an aircraft having a maximum certifi-cated takeoff weight of more than 12,500 pounds. Subtitle D—Foreign Airport Security SEC. 2251. LAST POINT OF DEPARTURE AIR-PORTS; SECURITY DIRECTIVES. 
(a) N OTICE AND CONSULTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable, consult and notify the following stakeholders prior to making changes to security standards via security directives and emergency amend-ments for last points of departure: (A) Trade association representatives, for affected air carriers and airports, who hold the appropriate security clearances. (B) The head of each relevant Federal de-partment or agency, including the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion. (2) T
RANSMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 days after the date that the Adminis-trator issues a security directive or emer-gency amendment for a last point of depar-ture, the Administrator shall transmit to the appropriate committees of Congress a de-scription of the extent to which the Adminis-trator consulted and notified the stake-holders under paragraph (1). (b) GAO R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall re-view the effectiveness of the TSA process to update, consolidate, or revoke security di-rectives, emergency amendments, and other policies related to international aviation se-curity at last point of departure airports and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and the Administrator a report on the findings and recommendations. (2) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the review under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall— (A) review current security directives, emergency amendments, and any other poli-cies related to international aviation secu-rity at last point of departure airports; (B) review the extent of intra-agency and interagency coordination, stakeholder out-reach, coordination, and feedback; and (C) review TSA’s process and criteria for, and implementation of, updating or revoking the policies described in subparagraph (A). (c) R
ESCREENING .—Subject to section 44901(d)(4)(c) of title 49, United States Code, upon discovery of specific threat intel-ligence, the Administrator shall imme-diately direct TSA personnel to rescreen pas-sengers and baggage arriving from an airport outside the United States and identify en-hanced measures that should be imple-mented at that airport. (d) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 day after the date that the Adminis-trator determines that a foreign air carrier is in violation of part 1546 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, or any other applicable security requirement, the Administrator shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress. (e) D
ECISIONS NOTSUBJECT TO JUDICIAL RE-
VIEW.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any decision of the Administrator under subsection (a)(1) relating to consulta-tion or notification shall not be subject to judicial review. 
SEC. 2252. TRACKING SECURITY SCREENING EQUIPMENT FROM LAST POINT OF DEPARTURE AIRPORTS. 
(a) D ONATION OF SCREENING EQUIPMENT TO P
ROTECT THE UNITED STATES .—Chapter 449 is amended— (1) in subchapter I, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 44929. Donation of screening equipment to protect the United States ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Administrator is authorized to do-nate security screening equipment to a for-eign last point of departure airport operator if such equipment can be reasonably ex-pected to mitigate a specific vulnerability to the security of the United States or United States citizens. ‘‘(b) C
ONDITIONS .—Before donating any se-curity screening equipment to a foreign last point of departure airport operator the Ad-ministrator shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that the screening equipment has been restored to commercially available settings; ‘‘(2) ensure that no TSA-specific security standards or algorithms exist on the screen-ing equipment; and ‘‘(3) verify that the appropriate officials have an adequate system— ‘‘(A) to properly maintain and operate the screening equipment; and ‘‘(B) to document and track any removal or disposal of the screening equipment to en-sure the screening equipment does not come into the possession of terrorists or otherwise pose a risk to security. ‘‘(c) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 30 days be-fore any donation of security screening equipment under subsection (a), the Admin-istrator shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a detailed written explanation of the following: ‘‘(1) The specific vulnerability to the United States or United States citizens that will be mitigated by such donation. ‘‘(2) An explanation as to why the recipient of such donation is unable or unwilling to purchase security screening equipment to mitigate such vulnerability. ‘‘(3) An evacuation plan for sensitive tech-nologies in case of emergency or instability in the country to which such donation is being made. ‘‘(4) How the Administrator will ensure the security screening equipment that is being donated is used and maintained over the course of its life by the recipient. ‘‘(5) The total dollar value of such dona-tion. ‘‘(6) How the appropriate officials will doc-ument and track any removal or disposal of the screening equipment by the recipient to ensure the screening equipment does not come into the possession of terrorists or oth-erwise pose a risk to security.’’; and (2) in the table of contents, by inserting after the item relating to section 44928 the following: ‘‘44929. Donation of screening equipment to protect the United States.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 3204 of the Aviation Secu-rity Act of 2016 (49 U.S.C. 44901 note) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. (c) R
AISING INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS .— Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Administrator shall collaborate with other aviation authorities and the United States Ambassador or the Charge d’Affaires to the United States Mis-sion to the International Civil Aviation Or-ganization, as applicable, to advance a global standard for each international airport to document and track the removal and dis-posal of any security screening equipment to ensure the screening equipment does not come into the possession of terrorists or oth-erwise pose a risk to security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3831 June 12, 2018 
SEC. 2253. INTERNATIONAL SECURITY STAND-ARDS. 
(a) G LOBAL AVIATION SECURITY REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in coordination with the Commissioner of the U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, the Director of the Office of International Engagement of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and the Sec-retary of State, shall conduct a global avia-tion security review to improve aviation se-curity standards, including standards in-tended to mitigate cybersecurity threats, across the global aviation system. (2) B
EST PRACTICES .—The global aviation security review shall establish best practices regarding the following: (A) Collaborating with foreign partners to improve global aviation security capabilities and standards. (B) Identifying foreign partners that— (i) have not successfully implemented se-curity protocols from the International Civil Aviation Organization or the Department of Homeland Security; and (ii) have not taken steps to implement such security protocols; (C) Improving the development, outreach, and implementation process for security di-rectives or emergency amendments issued to domestic and foreign air carriers. (D) Assessing the cybersecurity risk of se-curity screening equipment. (b) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the United States Ambassador to the Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization, shall notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives of the progress of the review under subsection (a) and any pro-posed international improvements to avia-tion security. (c) ICAO.—Subject to subsection (a), the Administrator and Ambassador shall take such action at the International Civil Avia-tion Organization as the Administrator and Ambassador consider necessary to advance aviation security improvement proposals, in-cluding if practicable, introducing a resolu-tion to raise minimum standards for avia-tion security. (d) B
RIEFINGS TO CONGRESS .—Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the Administrator, in consultation with the Ambassador with respect to subsection (c), shall brief the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on the implemen-tation of subsections (a) and (b). Subtitle E—Cockpit and Cabin Security 
SEC. 2261. FEDERAL AIR MARSHAL SERVICE UP-DATES. 
(a) S TANDARDIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop a standard writ-ten agreement that shall be the basis of all negotiations and agreements that begin after the date of enactment of this Act between the United States and foreign governments or partners regarding the presence of Federal air marshals on flights to and from the United States, including deployment, tech-nical assistance, and information sharing. (2) W
RITTEN AGREEMENTS .—Except as pro-vided in paragraph (3), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, all agreements between the United States and foreign governments or partners regard-ing the presence of Federal air marshals on flights to and from the United States shall be in writing and signed by the Adminis-trator or other authorized United States Government representative. (3) EXCEPTION .—The Administrator may schedule Federal air marshal service on flights operating to a foreign country with which no written agreement is in effect if the Administrator determines that— (A) such mission is necessary for aviation security; and (B) the requirements of paragraph (4)(B) are met. (4) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .— (A) W
RITTEN AGREEMENTS .—Not later than 30 days after the date that the Administrator enters into a written agreement under this section, the Administrator shall transmit to the appropriate committees of Congress a copy of the agreement. (B) N
O WRITTEN AGREEMENTS .—The Admin-istrator shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress— (i) not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a list of each foreign government or partner that does not have a written agreement under this section, in-cluding an explanation for why no written agreement exists and a justification for the determination that such a mission is nec-essary for aviation security; and (ii) not later than 30 days after the date that the Administrator makes a determina-tion to schedule Federal air marshal service on flights operating to a foreign country with which no written agreement is in effect under paragraph (3), the name of the applica-ble foreign government or partner, an expla-nation for why no written agreement exists, and a justification for the determination that such mission is necessary for aviation security. (b) M
ISSION SCHEDULING AUTOMATION .—The Administrator shall endeavor to acquire automated capabilities or technologies for scheduling Federal air marshal service mis-sions based on current risk modeling. (c) I
MPROVING FEDERAL AIRMARSHAL SERV-
ICEDEPLOYMENTS .— (1) A
FTER -ACTION REPORTS .—The Adminis-trator shall strengthen internal controls to ensure that all after-action reports on Fed-eral air marshal service special mission cov-erage provided to stakeholders include docu-mentation of supervisory review and ap-proval, and mandatory narratives. (2) S
TUDY .—The Administrator shall con-tract with an independent entity to conduct a validation and verification study of the risk analysis and risk-based determinations guiding Federal air marshal service deploy-ment, including the use of risk-based strate-gies under subsection (d). (3) C
OST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS .—The Adminis-trator shall conduct a cost-benefit analysis regarding mitigation of aviation security threats through Federal air marshal service deployment. (4) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Adminis-trator shall improve existing performance measures to better determine the effective-ness of in-flight operations in addressing the highest risk facing aviation transportation. (5) L
ONG DISTANCE FLIGHTS .—Section 44917 is amended— (A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by redesignating subsections (c) through (d) as subsections (b) through (c), re-spectively. (d) U
SE OF RISK-BASED STRATEGIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 44917(a) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (B) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) shall require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize a risk-based strategy when allocating resources between international and domestic flight coverage, including when initially setting its annual target numbers of average daily international and domestic flights to cover; ‘‘(10) shall require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize a risk-based strategy to support domestic allocation decisions; ‘‘(11) shall require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize a risk-based strategy to support international allocation decisions; and ‘‘(12) shall ensure that the seating arrange-ments of Federal air marshals on aircraft are determined in a manner that is risk-based and most capable of responding to current threats to aviation security.’’. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the Fed-eral Air Marshal Service’s compliance with the requirements under paragraphs (9) through (12) of section 44917(a) of title 49, United States Code, as added by this Act, and the documented methodology used by the Federal Air Marshal Service to conduct risk assessments in accordance with such paragraphs. (3) I
MPLEMENTATION DEADLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall begin im-plementing the requirements under para-graphs (9) through (12) of section 44917(a), United States Code, as added by this Act. 
SEC. 2262. CREW MEMBER SELF-DEFENSE TRAIN-ING. 
The Administrator, in consultation with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, shall continue to carry out and encourage increased participation by air carrier employees in the voluntary self-de-fense training program under section 44918(b) of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 2263. FLIGHT DECK SAFETY AND SECURITY. 
(a) T HREAT ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, shall complete a detailed threat assessment to identify any safety or security risks associated with unauthorized access to the flight decks on commercial air-craft and any appropriate measures that should be taken based on the risks. (b) RTCA R
EPORT .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, shall dis-seminate RTCA Document (DO–329) Aircraft Secondary Barriers and Alternative Flight Deck Security Procedure to aviation stake-holders, including air carriers and flight crew, to convey effective methods and best practices to protect the flight deck. 
SEC. 2264. CARRIAGE OF WEAPONS, EXPLOSIVES, AND INCENDIARIES BY INDIVID-UALS. 
(a) I NTERPRETIVE RULE.—Subject to sub-sections (b) and (c), the Administrator shall periodically review and amend, as necessary, the interpretive rule (68 Fed. Reg. 7444) that provides guidance to the public on the types of property considered to be weapons, explo-sives, and incendiaries prohibited under sec-tion 1540.111 of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Before determining whether to amend the interpretive rule to in-clude or remove an item from the prohibited list, the Administrator shall— (1) research and evaluate— (A) the impact, if any, the amendment would have on security risks; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3832 June 12, 2018 
(B) the impact, if any, the amendment would have on screening operations, includ-ing effectiveness and efficiency; and (C) whether the amendment is consistent with international standards and guidance, including of the International Civil Aviation Organization; and (2) consult with appropriate aviation secu-rity stakeholders, including ASAC. (c) E
XCEPTIONS .—Except for plastic or round bladed butter knives, the Adminis-trator may not amend the interpretive rule described in subsection (a) to authorize any knife to be permitted in an airport sterile area or in the cabin of an aircraft. (d) N
OTIFICATION .—The Administrator shall— (1) publish in the Federal Register any amendment to the interpretive rule de-scribed in subsection (a); and (2) notify the appropriate committees of Congress of the amendment not later than 3 days before publication under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 2265. FEDERAL FLIGHT DECK OFFICER PRO-GRAM IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I MPROVED ACCESS TO TRAINING FACILI -
TIES.—Section 44921(c)(2)(C)(ii) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The training of’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The training of’’; (2) in subclause (I), as designated, by strik-ing ‘‘approved by the Under Secretary’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) A
CCESS TO TRAINING FACILITIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of the TSA Modernization Act, the Ad-ministrator shall designate additional fire-arms training facilities located in various re-gions of the United States for Federal flight deck officers for recurrent and requalifying training relative to the number of such fa-cilities available on the day before such date of enactment.’’. (b) F
IREARMS REQUALIFICATION .—Section 44921(c)(2)(C) is amended— (1) in clause (iii)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Under Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall’’; (B) in subclause (I), as designated by sub-paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Under Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) U
SE OF FACILITIES FOR REQUALIFICA -
TION.—The Administrator shall allow a Fed-eral flight deck officer to requalify to carry a firearm under the program through train-ing at a Transportation Security Adminis-tration-approved firearms training facility utilizing a Transportation Security Adminis-tration-approved contractor and a cur-riculum developed and approved by the Transportation Security Administration.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) P
ERIODIC REVIEW .—The Administrator shall periodically review requalification training intervals and assess whether it is appropriate and sufficient to adjust the time between each requalification training to fa-cilitate continued participation in the pro-gram under this section while still maintain-ing effectiveness of the training, and update the training requirements as appropriate.’’. (c) T
RAINING REVIEW .—Section 44921(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) T
RAINING REVIEW .—The Administrator shall periodically review training require-ments for initial and recurrent training for Federal flight deck officers and evaluate how training requirements, including the length of training, could be streamlined while main-taining the effectiveness of the training, and update the training requirements as appro-priate.’’. (d) OTHER MEASURES TO FACILITATE TRAIN-
ING.—Section 44921(e) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Pilots participating’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Pilots participating’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) F
ACILITATION OF TRAINING .—An air car-rier shall permit a pilot seeking to be depu-tized as a Federal flight deck officer or a Federal flight deck officer to take a reason-able amount of leave to participate in ini-tial, recurrent, or requalification training, as applicable, for the program. Leave re-quired under this paragraph may be provided without compensation.’’. (e) I
NTERNATIONAL HARMONIZATION .—Sec- tion 44921(f) is amended— (1) in paragraphs (1) and (3), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
ONSISTENCY WITH FEDERAL AIR MAR -
SHAL PROGRAM .—The Administrator shall harmonize, to the extent practicable, the policies relating to the carriage of firearms on flights in foreign air transportation by Federal flight deck officers with the policies of the Federal air marshal program for car-rying firearms on such flights and carrying out the duties of a Federal flight deck offi-cer, notwithstanding Annex 17 of the Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization.’’. (f) P
HYSICAL STANDARDS .—Section 44921(d)(2) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-tively; (2) in clause (ii), as redesignated, by strik-ing ‘‘Under Secretary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator’s’’; (3) by striking ‘‘A pilot is’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A pilot is’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ONSISTENCY WITH REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN MEDICAL CERTIFICATES .—In estab-lishing standards under subparagraph (A)(ii), the Administrator may not establish medical or physical standards for a pilot to become a Federal flight deck officer that are incon-sistent with or more stringent than the re-quirements of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration for the issuance of the required air-man medical certificate under part 67 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations (or any cor-responding similar regulation or ruling).’’. (g) T
RANSFER OF STATUS .—Section 44921(d) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) T
RANSFER FROM INACTIVE TO ACTIVE  
STATUS .—In accordance with any applicable Transportation Security Administration ap-peals processes, a pilot deputized as a Fed-eral flight deck officer who moves to inac-tive status may return to active status upon successful completion of a recurrent training program administered within program guide-lines.’’. (h) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—Section 44921, as amended by this section, is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than 3 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Under Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Administrator’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Begin-ning 3 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Under Secretary shall begin the process of training and deputizing’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator shall train and deputize’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)(N), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Administra-tor’s’’; (3) in subsection (d)(4)— (A) by striking ‘‘may,’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’s’’; (4) in subsection (i)(2), by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary may’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; (5) in subsection (k)— (A) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); and (B) by striking ‘‘APPLICABILITY .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘This section’’ and in-serting ‘‘A
PPLICABILITY .—This section’’; (6) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration. ‘‘(2) A
IR TRANSPORTATION .—The term ‘air transportation’ includes all-cargo air trans-portation. ‘‘(3) F
IREARMS TRAINING FACILITY .—The term ‘firearms training facility’ means a pri-vate or government-owned gun range ap-proved by the Administrator to provide re-current or requalification training, as appli-cable, for the program, utilizing a Transpor-tation Security Administration-approved contractor and a curriculum developed and approved by the Transportation Security Ad-ministration. ‘‘(4) P
ILOT.—The term ‘pilot’ means an in-dividual who has final authority and respon-sibility for the operation and safety of the flight or any other flight deck crew mem-ber.’’; and (7) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’. (i) S
ENSITIVE SECURITY INFORMATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act— (1) the Secretary of Transportation shall revise section 15.5(b)(11) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, to classify information about pilots deputized as Federal flight deck officers under section 44921 of title 49, United States Code, as sensitive security informa-tion in a manner consistent with the classi-fication of information about Federal air marshals; and (2) the Administrator shall revise section 1520.5(b)(11) of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations, to classify information about pilots deputized as Federal flight deck officers under section 44921 of title 49, United States Code, as sensitive security information in a manner consistent with the classification of information about Federal air marshals. (j) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall prescribe such regula-tions as may be necessary to carry out this section and the amendments made by this section. Subtitle F—Surface Transportation Security 
SEC. 2271. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ASSESSMENT AND IMPLEMENTA-TION OF RISK-BASED STRATEGY. 
(a) S ECURITY ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall complete an assessment of the vulnerabilities of and risks to surface transportation systems. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the se-curity assessment under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall, at a minimum— (A) consider appropriate intelligence; (B) consider security breaches and attacks at domestic and international transportation facilities; (C) consider the vulnerabilities and risks associated with specific modes of surface transportation; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3833 June 12, 2018 
(D) evaluate the vetting and security training of— (i) employees in surface transportation; and (ii) other individuals with access to sen-sitive or secure areas of transportation net-works; and (E) consider input from— (i) representatives of different modes of surface transportation; (ii) subject to paragraph (3)— (I) representatives of maritime transpor-tation; (II) critical infrastructure entities; and (III) the Transportation Systems Sector Coordinating Council; and (iii) the heads of other relevant Federal de-partments or agencies. (3) M
ARITIME FACILITIES .—The Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall assess the vulnerabilities of and risks to maritime fa-cilities and ensure the adjacent security re-sponsibilities of the Coast Guard and TSA are coordinated. (b) R
ISK-BASED SECURITY STRATEGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date the security assessment under subsection (a) is complete, the Adminis-trator shall use the results of the assess-ment— (A) to develop and implement a cross-cut-ting, risk-based security strategy that in-cludes— (i) all surface transportation modes; (ii) to the extent the Transportation Secu-rity Administration provides support in mar-itime transportation security efforts, mari-time transportation; (iii) a coordinated strategy with the Com-mandant of the Coast Guard to ensure adja-cent security responsibilities are syn-chronized; (iv) a mitigating strategy that aligns with each vulnerability and risk identified in sub-section (a); (v) a planning process to inform resource allocation; (vi) priorities, milestones, and performance metrics to measure the effectiveness of the risk-based security strategy; and (vii) processes for sharing relevant and timely intelligence threat information with appropriate stakeholders; (B) to develop a management oversight strategy that— (i) identifies the parties responsible for the implementation, management, and oversight of the risk-based security strategy; and (ii) includes a plan for implementing the risk-based security strategy; and (C) to modify the risk-based budget and re-source allocations, in accordance with sec-tion 262(c), for the Transportation Security Administration. (2) C
OORDINATED APPROACH .—In developing and implementing the risk-based security strategy under paragraph (1), the Adminis-trator shall— (A) coordinate with the heads of other rel-evant Federal departments or agencies, and stakeholders, as appropriate— (i) to evaluate existing surface transpor-tation security programs, policies, and ini-tiatives, including the explosives detection canine teams, for consistency with the risk- based security strategy and, to the extent practicable, avoid any unnecessary duplica-tion of effort; (ii) to determine the extent to which stakeholder security programs, policies, and initiatives address the vulnerabilities and risks to surface transportation systems iden-tified in subsection (a); and (iii) subject to clause (ii), to mitigate each vulnerability and risk to surface transpor-tation systems identified in subsection (a); and (B) coordinate with the Commandant of the Coast Guard to ensure there are no secu-rity gaps between jurisdictional authorities. (c) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date the security assessment under subsection (a) is complete, the Adminis-trator shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress and the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department a report that— (A) describes the process used to complete the security assessment; (B) describes the process used to develop the risk-based security strategy; (C) describes the risk-based security strat-egy; (D) includes the management oversight strategy; (E) includes— (i) the findings of the security assessment; (ii) a description of the actions rec-ommended or taken by the Administrator, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, or the head of another Federal department or agen-cy to mitigate the vulnerabilities and risks identified in subsection (a); (iii) any recommendations for improving the coordinated approach to mitigating vulnerabilities and risks to surface and mari-time transportation systems; and (iv) any recommended changes to the Na-tional Infrastructure Protection Plan, the modal annexes to such plan, or relevant sur-face or maritime transportation security programs, policies, or initiatives; and (F) may contain a classified annex. (2) P
ROTECTIONS .—In preparing the report, the Administrator shall take appropriate ac-tions to safeguard information described by section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code, or protected from disclosure by any other law of the United States. (d) U
PDATES .—Not less frequently than semiannually, the Administrator shall re-port to or brief the appropriate committees of Congress on the vulnerabilities of and risks to surface and maritime transportation systems and how those vulnerabilities and risks affect the risk-based security strategy. 
SEC. 2272. RISK-BASED BUDGETING AND RE-SOURCE ALLOCATION. 
(a) R EPORT .—In conjunction with the sub-mission of the Department’s annual budget request to the Office of Management and Budget, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that describes a risk-based budget and resource allocation plan for surface transpor-tation sectors, within and across modes, that— (1) reflects the risk-based security strategy under section 2271(b); and (2) is organized by appropriations account, program, project, and initiative. (b) B
UDGET TRANSPARENCY .—In submitting the annual budget of the United States Gov-ernment under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the President shall clearly dis-tinguish the resources requested for surface transportation security from the resources requested for aviation security. (c) R
ESOURCE REALLOCATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the date on which the Transportation Security Administration allocates any re-sources or personnel, including personnel sharing, detailing, or assignment, or the use of facilities, technology systems, or vetting resources, for a nontransportation security purpose or National Special Security Event (as defined in section 2001 of Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601)), the Secretary shall provide the notification described in paragraph (2) to the appropriate committees of Congress. (2) N
OTIFICATION .—A notification described in this paragraph shall include— (A) the reason for and a justification of the resource or personnel allocation; (B) the expected end date of the resource or personnel allocation; and (C) the projected cost to the Transpor-tation Security Administration of the per-sonnel or resource allocation. (d) 5-YEAR CAPITAL INVESTMENT PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a 5-year capital investment plan, consistent with the 5-year technology investment plan under section 1611 of title XVI of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by section 3 of the Transportation Security Acquisition Reform Act (Public Law 113–245; 128 Stat. 2871). 
SEC. 2273. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY MANAGEMENT AND INTERAGENCY COORDINATION REVIEW. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall— (1) review the staffing, budget, resource, and personnel allocation, and management oversight strategy of the Transportation Se-curity Administration’s surface transpor-tation security programs; (2) review the coordination between rel-evant entities of leadership, planning, pol-icy, inspections, and implementation of se-curity programs relating to surface and mar-itime transportation to reduce redundancy and regulatory burden; and (3) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the findings of the reviews under paragraphs (1) and (2), includ-ing any recommendations for improving co-ordination between relevant entities and re-ducing redundancy and regulatory burden. (b) D
EFINITION OF RELEVANT ENTITIES .—In this section, the term ‘‘relevant entities’’ means— (1) the Transportation Security Adminis-tration; (2) the Coast Guard; (3) other Federal, State, or local depart-ments or agencies with jurisdiction over a mode of surface or maritime transportation; (4) critical infrastructure entities; (5) the Transportation Systems Sector Co-ordinating Council; and (6) relevant stakeholders. 
SEC. 2274. TRANSPARENCY. 
(a) R EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Administrator shall publish on a public website information regarding the status of each regulation relat-ing to surface transportation security that is directed by law to be issued and that has not been issued if not less than 2 years have passed since the date of enactment of the law. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The information published under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an updated rulemaking schedule for the outstanding regulation; (B) current staff allocations; (C) data collection or research relating to the development of the rulemaking; (D) current efforts, if any, with security experts, advisory committees, and other stakeholders; and (E) other relevant details associated with the development of the rulemaking that im-pact the progress of the rulemaking. (b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter until all of the requirements under titles XIII, XIV, and XV of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1111 et seq.) and under this Act have been fully implemented, the Inspector 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3834 June 12, 2018 
General of the Department shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a re-port that— (1) identifies the requirements under such titles of that Act and under this Act that have not been fully implemented; (2) describes what, if any, additional action is necessary; and (3) includes recommendations regarding whether any of the requirements under such titles of that Act or this Act should be amended or repealed. 
SEC. 2275. TSA COUNTERTERRORISM ASSET DE-PLOYMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Transportation Se-curity Administration deploys any counter-terrorism personnel or resource, such as ex-plosive detection sweeps, random bag inspec-tions, or patrols by Visible Intermodal Pre-vention and Response teams, to enhance se-curity at a transportation system or trans-portation facility for a period of not less than 180 consecutive days, the Administrator shall provide sufficient notification to the system or facility operator, as applicable, not less than 14 days prior to terminating the deployment. (b) E
XCEPTION .—This section shall not apply if the Administrator— (1) determines there is an urgent security need for the personnel or resource described in subsection (a); and (2) notifies the appropriate committees of Congress of the determination under para-graph (1). 
SEC. 2276. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 404. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion (referred to in this section as ‘Adminis-trator’) shall establish within the Transpor-tation Security Administration the Surface Transportation Security Advisory Com-mittee (referred to in this section as the ‘Ad-visory Committee’). ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Adminis-trator on surface transportation security matters, including the development, refine-ment, and implementation of policies, pro-grams, initiatives, rulemakings, and security directives pertaining to surface transpor-tation security. ‘‘(2) R
ISK-BASED SECURITY .—The Advisory Committee shall consider risk-based security approaches in the performance of its duties. ‘‘(c) M
EMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) C
OMPOSITION .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall be composed of— ‘‘(A) voting members appointed by the Ad-ministrator under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) nonvoting members, serving in an ad-visory capacity, who shall be designated by— ‘‘(i) the Transportation Security Adminis-tration; ‘‘(ii) the Department of Transportation; ‘‘(iii) the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(iv) such other Federal department or agency as the Administrator considers ap-propriate. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Administrator shall appoint voting members from among stakeholders representing each mode of sur-face transportation, such as passenger rail, freight rail, mass transit, pipelines, high-ways, over-the-road bus, school bus industry, and trucking, including representatives from— ‘‘(A) associations representing such modes of surface transportation; ‘‘(B) labor organizations representing such modes of surface transportation; ‘‘(C) groups representing the users of such modes of surface transportation, including asset manufacturers, as appropriate; ‘‘(D) relevant law enforcement, first re-sponders, and security experts; and ‘‘(E) such other groups as the Adminis-trator considers appropriate. ‘‘(3) CHAIRPERSON .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall select a chairperson from among its voting members. ‘‘(4) T
ERM OF OFFICE .— ‘‘(A) T
ERMS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term of each voting member of the Advisory Committee shall be 2 years, but a voting member may continue to serve until the Administrator appoints a successor. ‘‘(ii) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—A voting member of the Advisory Committee may be re-appointed. ‘‘(B) R
EMOVAL .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may review the participation of a member of the Advisory Committee and remove such mem-ber for cause at any time. ‘‘(ii) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Admin-istrator may remove any member of the Ad-visory Committee that the Administrator determines should be restricted from review-ing, discussing, or possessing classified infor-mation or sensitive security information. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION ON COMPENSATION .—The members of the Advisory Committee shall not receive any compensation from the Gov-ernment by reason of their service on the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(6) M
EETINGS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall require the Advisory Committee to meet at least semiannually in person or through web conferencing and may convene additional meetings as necessary. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC MEETINGS .—At least 1 of the meetings of the Advisory Committee each year shall be— ‘‘(i) announced in the Federal Register; ‘‘(ii) announced on a public website; and ‘‘(iii) open to the public. ‘‘(C) A
TTENDANCE .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall maintain a record of the persons present at each meeting. ‘‘(D) M
INUTES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Unless otherwise prohib-ited by other Federal law, minutes of the meetings shall be published on the public website under subsection (e)(5). ‘‘(ii) P
ROTECTION OF CLASSIFIED AND SEN -
SITIVE INFORMATION .—The Advisory Com-mittee may redact or summarize, as nec-essary, minutes of the meetings to protect classified or other sensitive information in accordance with law. ‘‘(7) V
OTING MEMBER ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED  
AND SENSITIVE SECURITY INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a voting mem-ber is appointed to the Advisory Committee and before that voting member may be granted any access to classified information or sensitive security information, the Ad-ministrator shall determine if the voting member should be restricted from reviewing, discussing, or possessing classified informa-tion or sensitive security information. ‘‘(B) A
CCESS .— ‘‘(i) S
ENSITIVE SECURITY INFORMATION .—If a voting member is not restricted from review-ing, discussing, or possessing sensitive secu-rity information under subparagraph (A) and voluntarily signs a nondisclosure agreement, the voting member may be granted access to sensitive security information that is rel-evant to the voting member’s service on the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(ii) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Access to classified materials shall be managed in ac-cordance with Executive Order 13526 of De-cember 29, 2009 (75 Fed. Reg. 707), or any sub-sequent corresponding Executive order. ‘‘(C) PROTECTIONS .— ‘‘(i) S
ENSITIVE SECURITY INFORMATION .— Voting members shall protect sensitive secu-rity information in accordance with part 1520 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(ii) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Voting members shall protect classified information in accordance with the applicable require-ments for the particular level of classifica-tion. ‘‘(8) J
OINT COMMITTEE MEETINGS .—The Ad- visory Committee may meet with 1 or more of the following advisory committees to dis-cuss multimodal security issues and other security-related issues of common concern: ‘‘(A) Aviation Security Advisory Com-mittee established under section 44946 of title 49, United States Code. ‘‘(B) Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittee established under section 70112 of title 46, United States Code. ‘‘(C) Railroad Safety Advisory Committee established by the Federal Railroad Admin-istration. ‘‘(9) S
UBJECT MATTER EXPERTS .—The Advi-sory Committee may request the assistance of subject matter experts with expertise re-lated to the jurisdiction of the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— ‘‘(1) P
ERIODIC REPORTS .—The Advisory Committee shall periodically submit reports to the Administrator on matters requested by the Administrator or by a majority of the members of the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(A) S
UBMISSION .—The Advisory Com-mittee shall submit to the Administrator and the appropriate congressional commit-tees an annual report that provides informa-tion on the activities, findings, and rec-ommendations of the Advisory Committee during the preceding year. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION .—Not later than 6 months after the date that the Adminis-trator receives an annual report under sub-paragraph (A), the Administrator shall pub-lish a public version of the report, in accord-ance with section 552a(b) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATION RESPONSE .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSIDERATION .—The Administrator shall consider the information, advice, and recommendations of the Advisory Com-mittee in formulating policies, programs, initiatives, rulemakings, and security direc-tives pertaining to surface transportation se-curity and to the support of maritime trans-portation security efforts. ‘‘(2) F
EEDBACK .—Not later than 90 days after the date that the Administrator re-ceives a recommendation from the Advisory Committee under subsection (d)(2), the Ad-ministrator shall submit to the Advisory Committee written feedback on the rec-ommendation, including— ‘‘(A) if the Administrator agrees with the recommendation, a plan describing the ac-tions that the Administrator has taken, will take, or recommends that the head of an-other Federal department or agency take to implement the recommendation; or ‘‘(B) if the Administrator disagrees with the recommendation, a justification for that determination. ‘‘(3) N
OTICES .—Not later than 30 days after the date the Administrator submits feedback under paragraph (2), the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) notify the appropriate congressional committees of the feedback, including the determination under subparagraph (A) or subparagraph (B) of that paragraph, as appli-cable; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3835 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(B) provide the appropriate congressional committees with a briefing upon request. ‘‘(4) U
PDATES .—Not later than 90 days after the date the Administrator receives a rec-ommendation from the Advisory Committee under subsection (d)(2) that the Adminis-trator agrees with, and quarterly thereafter until the recommendation is fully imple-mented, the Administrator shall submit a re-port to the appropriate congressional com-mittees or post on the public website under paragraph (5) an update on the status of the recommendation. ‘‘(5) W
EBSITE .—The Administrator shall maintain a public website that— ‘‘(A) lists the members of the Advisory Committee; and ‘‘(B) provides the contact information for the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(f) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FACA.—The Fed-eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Advisory Committee or any subcommittee established under this section.’’. (b) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE MEMBERS .— (1) V
OTING MEMBERS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall appoint the voting members of the Surface Transportation Se-curity Advisory Committee established under section 404 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a) of this section. (2) N
ONVOTING MEMBERS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each Federal Government department and agency with regulatory authority over a mode of surface or maritime transportation, as the Administrator considers appropriate, shall designate an appropriate representa-tive to serve as a nonvoting member of the Surface Transportation Security Advisory Committee. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 403 the following: ‘‘Sec. 404. Surface Transportation Security Advisory Committee.’’. 
SEC. 2277. REVIEW OF THE EXPLOSIVES DETEC-TION CANINE TEAM PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date that the Inspector General of the Department receives the report under section 2271(c), the Inspector General of the Department shall— (1) review the explosives detection canine team program, including— (A) the development by the Transportation Security Administration of a deployment strategy for explosives detection canine teams; (B) the national explosives detection ca-nine team training program, including ca-nine training, handler training, refresher training, and updates to such training; (C) the use of the canine assets during an urgent security need, including the realloca-tion of such program resources outside the transportation systems sector during an ur-gent security need; and (D) the monitoring and tracking of canine assets; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the review, including any recommendations. (b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the re-view of the deployment strategy under sub-section (a)(1)(A), the Inspector General shall consider whether the Transportation Secu-rity Administration’s method to analyze the risk to transportation facilities and trans-portation systems is appropriate. SEC. 2278. EXPANSION OF NATIONAL EXPLOSIVES DETECTION CANINE TEAM PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, where ap-propriate, shall encourage State, local, and tribal governments and private owners of high-risk transportation facilities to strengthen security through the use of explo-sives detection canine teams. (b) I
NCREASED CAPACITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the date the In-spector General of the Department submits the report under section 2277, the Adminis-trator may increase the number of State and local surface and maritime transportation canines by not more than 70 explosives de-tection canine teams. (2) A
DDITIONAL TEAMS .—Beginning on the date the Inspector General of the Depart-ment submits the report under section 2277, the Secretary may increase the State and local surface and maritime transportation canines up to 200 explosives detection canine teams unless more are identified in the risk- based security strategy under section 2271, consistent with section 2272 or with the President’s most recent budget submitted under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. (3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Before initiating any increase in the number of explosives de-tection teams under paragraph (2), the Sec-retary shall consider any recommendations in the report under section 2277 on the effi-cacy and management of the explosives de-tection canine program. (c) D
EPLOYMENT .—The Secretary shall— (1) use the additional explosives detection canine teams, as described in subsection (b)(1), as part of the Department’s efforts to strengthen security across the Nation’s sur-face and maritime transportation networks; (2) make available explosives detection ca-nine teams to all modes of transportation, subject to the requirements under section 2275, to address specific vulnerabilities or risks, on an as-needed basis and as otherwise determined appropriate by the Secretary; and (3) consider specific needs and training re-quirements for explosives detection canine teams to be deployed across the Nation’s sur-face and maritime transportation networks, including in venues of multiple modes of transportation, as the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) A
UTHORIZATION .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021. 
SEC. 2279. STUDY ON SECURITY STANDARDS AND BEST PRACTICES FOR PASSENGER TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS. 
(a) S ECURITY STANDARDS AND BESTPRAC-
TICES FOR UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN PAS-
SENGER TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of how the Transpor-tation Security Administration— (1) identifies and compares— (A) United States and foreign passenger transportation security standards; and (B) best practices for protecting passenger transportation systems, including shared terminal facilities, and cyber systems; and (2) disseminates the findings under para-graph (1) to stakeholders. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall issue a report that contains— (1) the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a); and (2) any recommendations for improving the relevant processes or procedures. 
SEC. 2280. AMTRAK SECURITY UPGRADES. 
(a) R AILROAD SECURITY ASSISTANCE .—Sec- tion 1513(b) of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1163(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, including commu-nications interoperability where appropriate with relevant outside agencies and enti-ties.’’; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘security of’’ and inserting ‘‘security and preparedness of’’; (3) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘security threats’’ and inserting ‘‘security threats and preparedness, including connectivity to the National Terrorist Screening Center’’; and (4) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and secu-rity officers’’ and inserting ‘‘, security, and preparedness officers’’. (b) SPECIFIC PROJECTS .—Section 1514(a)(3) of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1164(a)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D) by inserting ‘‘, or to connect to the National Terrorism Screening Center watchlist’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary’’; (2) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (H) by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) for improvements to passenger verification systems; ‘‘(J) for improvements to employee and contractor verification systems, including identity verification technology; or ‘‘(K) for improvements to the security of Amtrak computer systems, including cyber-security assessments and programs.’’. 
SEC. 2281. PASSENGER RAIL VETTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Amtrak Board of Directors submits a request to the Adminis-trator, the Administrator shall issue a deci-sion on the use by Amtrak of the Transpor-tation Security Administration’s Secure Flight Program or a similar passenger vet-ting system to enhance passenger rail secu-rity. (b) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.—If the Administrator decides to grant the request by Amtrak under subsection (a), the decision shall in-clude a strategic plan for working with rail stakeholders to enhance passenger rail secu-rity by vetting passengers using terrorist watch lists maintained by the Federal Gov-ernment or a similar passenger vetting sys-tem maintained by the Transportation Secu-rity Administration. (c) N
OTICES .—The Administrator shall no-tify the appropriate committees of Congress of any decision made under subsection (a) and the details of the strategic plan under subsection (b). (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the Administrator’s authority to set the access to, or terms and conditions of using, the Se-cure Flight Program or a similar passenger vetting system. 
SEC. 2282. STUDY ON SURFACE TRANSPORTATION INSPECTORS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that— (1) identifies the roles and responsibilities of surface transportation security inspectors authorized under section 1304 of the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Com-mission Act of 2007 (6 U.S.C. 1113); (2) determines whether surface transpor-tation security inspectors— (A) have appropriate qualifications to help secure and inspect surface transportation systems; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3836 June 12, 2018 
(B) have adequate experience and training to perform the responsibilities identified under paragraph (1); (3) evaluates feedback from surface trans-portation industry stakeholders on the effec-tiveness of surface transportation security inspectors and inspection programs to the overall security of the surface transpor-tation systems of such stakeholders; (4) evaluates the consistency of surface transportation inspections, recommenda-tions, and regulatory enforcement, where ap-plicable; (5) identifies any duplication or redun-dancy between the Transportation Security Administration and the Department of Transportation relating to surface transpor-tation security inspections or oversight; and (6) provides recommendations, if any, re-lating to— (A) improvements to the surface transpor-tation security inspectors program, includ-ing— (i) changes in organizational and super-visory structures; (ii) coordination procedures to enhance consistency; and (iii) effectiveness in inspection and compli-ance activities; and (B) whether each transportation mode needs inspectors trained and qualified for that specific mode. 
SEC. 2283. SECURITY AWARENESS PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a program to promote surface transportation security through the training of surface transportation operators and frontline employees on each of the skills identified in subsection (c). (b) A
PPLICATION .—The program established under subsection (a) shall apply to all modes of surface transportation, including public transportation, rail, highway, motor carrier, and pipeline. (c) T
RAINING .—The program established under subsection (a) shall cover, at a min-imum, the skills necessary to recognize, as-sess, and respond to suspicious items or ac-tions that could indicate a threat to trans-portation. (d) A
SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall conduct an assessment of current training programs for surface transportation opera-tors and frontline employees. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The assessment shall iden-tify— (A) whether other training is being pro-vided, either voluntarily or in response to other Federal requirements; and (B) whether there are any gaps in existing training. (e) U
PDATES .—The Administrator shall en-sure the program established under sub-section (a) is updated as necessary to address changes in risk and terrorist methods and to close any gaps identified in the assessment under subsection (d). (f) S
USPICIOUS ACTIVITY REPORTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall maintain a national telephone number for an individual to use to report suspicious activ-ity under this section to the Administration. (2) P
ROCEDURES .—The Administrator shall establish procedures for the Administra-tion— (A) to review and follow-up, as necessary, on each report received under paragraph (1); and (B) to share, as necessary and in accord-ance with law, the report with appropriate Federal, State, local, and tribal entities. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to replace or affect in any way the use of 9–1–1 services in an emergency. (g) D
EFINITION OF FRONTLINE EMPLOYEE .— In this section, the term ‘‘frontline em-ployee’’ includes— (1) an employee of a public transportation agency who is a transit vehicle driver or op-erator, dispatcher, maintenance and mainte-nance support employee, station attendant, customer service employee, security em-ployee, or transit police, or any other em-ployee who has direct contact with riders on a regular basis, and any other employee of a public transportation agency that the Ad-ministrator determines should receive secu-rity training under this section or that is re-ceiving security training under other law; (2) over-the-road bus drivers, security per-sonnel, dispatchers, maintenance and main-tenance support personnel, ticket agents, other terminal employees, and other employ-ees of an over-the-road bus operator or ter-minal owner or operator that the Adminis-trator determines should receive security training under this section or that is receiv-ing security training under other law; or (3) security personnel, dispatchers, loco-motive engineers, conductors, trainmen, other onboard employees, maintenance and maintenance support personnel, bridge tenders, and any other employees of railroad carriers that the Administrator determines should receive security training under this section or that is receiving security training under other law. SEC. 2284. VOLUNTARY USE OF CREDENTIALING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An individual who is sub-ject to credentialing or a background inves-tigation may satisfy that requirement by ob-taining a valid transportation security card issued under section 70105 of title 46, United States Code. (b) I
SSUANCE OF CARDS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security— (1) shall expand the transportation secu-rity card program, consistent with section 70105 of title 46, United States Code, to allow an individual who is subject to credentialing or a background investigation to apply for a transportation security card; and (2) may charge reasonable fees, in accord-ance with section 520(a) of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2004 (6 U.S.C. 469(a)), for providing the necessary credentialing and background investigation. (c) V
ETTING .—The Administrator shall uti-lize, in addition to any background check re-quired for initial issue, the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Rap Back Service and other vetting tools as appropriate, including the No-Fly and Selectee lists, to get imme-diate notification of any criminal activity relating to any person with a valid transpor-tation security card. (d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘individual who is subject to credentialing or a background investigation’’ means an in-dividual who— (1) because of employment is regulated by the Transportation Security Administration, Department of Transportation, or Coast Guard and is required to have a background records check to obtain a hazardous mate-rials endorsement on a commercial driver’s license issued by a State under section 5103a of title 49, United States Code; or (2) is required to have a credential and background records check under section 2102(d)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 622(d)(2)) at a facility with ac-tivities that are regulated by the Transpor-tation Security Administration, Department of Transportation, or Coast Guard. 
SEC. 2285. BACKGROUND RECORDS CHECKS FOR ISSUANCE OF HAZMAT LICENSES. 
Section 5103a(d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY CARDS .—An individual who holds a valid transportation security card issued by the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is op-erating under section 70105 of title 46 shall be deemed to have met the background records check required under this subsection.’’. SEC. 2286. CARGO CONTAINER SCANNING TECH-NOLOGY REVIEW. 
(a) D ESIGNATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 5 years thereafter until the date of full-scale imple-mentation of 100 percent screening of cargo containers and 100 percent scanning of high- risk containers required under section 232 of the SAFE Port Act (6 U.S.C. 982), the Sec-retary shall solicit proposals for scanning technologies, consistent with the standards under subsection (b)(8) of that section, to im-prove scanning of cargo at domestic ports. (2) E
VALUATION .—In soliciting proposals under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall es-tablish measures to assess the performance of the proposed scanning technologies, in-cluding— (A) the rate of false positives; (B) the delays in processing times; and (C) the impact on the supply chain. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may establish a pilot program to determine the efficacy of a scanning technology referred to in subsection (a). (2) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .—In carrying out the pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary shall— (A) solicit applications from domestic ports; (B) select up to 4 domestic ports to partici-pate in the pilot program; and (C) select ports with unique features and differing levels of trade volume. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after initiating a pilot program under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the pilot program, including— (A) an evaluation of the scanning tech-nologies proposed to improve security at do-mestic ports and to meet the full-scale im-plementation requirement; (B) the costs to implement a pilot pro-gram; (C) the benefits of the proposed scanning technologies; (D) the impact of the pilot program on the supply chain; and (E) recommendations for implementation of advanced cargo scanning technologies at domestic ports. (4) S
HARING PILOT PROGRAM TESTING RE -
SULTS .—The results of the pilot testing of ad-vanced cargo scanning technologies shall be shared, as appropriate, with government agencies and private stakeholders whose re-sponsibilities encompass the secure trans-port of cargo. 
SEC. 2287. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) T RANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRA -
TION.—Section 114 is amended by redesig-nating subsections (u), (v), and (w) as sub-sections (t), (u), and (v), respectively. (b) T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY STRATEGIC  P
LANNING .—Section 114(s)(3)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2007)’’. (c) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF SECURITY  A
SSURANCE FOR PUBLIC AND PRIVATE STAKE -
HOLDERS .—Section 1203(b)(1)(B) of the Imple-menting Recommendations of the 9/11 Com-mission Act of 2007 (49 U.S.C. 114 note) is amended by striking ‘‘, under section 114(u)(7) of title 49, United States Code, as added by this section, or otherwise,’’. TITLE III—MARITIME SECURITY 
SEC. 2301. COORDINATION WITH TSA ON MARI-TIME FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall assess the vulnerabilities of and risks to maritime facilities to ensure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3837 June 12, 2018 
the adjacent security responsibilities of the Coast Guard and TSA are coordinated. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the re-quirements under subsection (a), the Com-mandant shall— (1) provide the TSA with any results from an evaluation threats to the maritime trans-portation system and effectiveness of exist-ing maritime transportation security pro-grams, policies, and initiatives for input into the development of the risk-based security strategy in section 2271 and, to the extent practicable, avoid any unnecessary duplica-tion of effort; (2) ensure there are no security gaps be-tween jurisdictional authorities that a threat can exploit to cause harm; (3) determine the extent to which stake-holder security programs, policies, and ini-tiatives address the vulnerabilities and risks to maritime transportation systems identi-fied in subsection (a); and (4) subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), miti-gate each vulnerability and risk to maritime transportation systems identified in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 2302. STRATEGIC PLAN TO ENHANCE THE SECURITY OF THE INTERNATIONAL SUPPLY CHAIN. 
Section 201 of the Security and Account-ability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 941) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘as appro-priate’’ and inserting ‘‘triennially’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘R
EPORT ’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EPORTS ’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) U
PDATES .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of the TSA Mod-ernization Act and triennially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report that contains any updates to the strategic plan under subsection (a) since the prior re-port.’’. 
SEC. 2303. CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION SHAR-ING AND COORDINATION IN PORTS. 
(a) M ARITIME CYBERSECURITY RISKASSESS -
MENT MODEL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, through the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall— (1) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, coordinate with the National Maritime Security Advisory Com-mittee, the Area Maritime Security Advi-sory Committees, and other maritime stake-holders, as necessary, to develop and imple-ment a maritime cybersecurity risk assess-ment model, consistent with the activities described in section 2(e) of the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(e)), to evaluate current and future cybersecurity risks that have the potential to affect the marine transportation system or that would cause a transportation secu-rity incident (as defined in section 70101 of title 46, United States Code) in ports; and (2) not less than biennially thereafter, evaluate the effectiveness of the cybersecu-rity risk assessment model established under paragraph (1). (b) P
ORT SECURITY ; DEFINITIONS .—Section 70101 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (6) as paragraphs (3) through (7), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) The term ‘cybersecurity risk’ means the extent to which a technology asset is vulnerable to information, information sys-tems, or operational technology being lost, destroyed, or other adverse impact on the se-curity, availability, confidentiality, integ-rity, or functionality, as applicable, of that information, information system, or oper-ational technology.’’. (c) NATIONAL MARITIME SECURITY ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE .— (1) F
UNCTIONS .—Section 70112(a)(1)(A) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including on enhancing the sharing of in-formation related to cybersecurity risks that may cause a transportation security inci-dent, between relevant Federal agencies and— ‘‘(i) State, local, and tribal governments; ‘‘(ii) relevant public safety and emergency response agencies; ‘‘(iii) relevant law enforcement and secu-rity organizations; ‘‘(iv) maritime industry; ‘‘(v) port owners and operators; and ‘‘(vi) terminal owners and operators;’’. (2) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Com-mandant of the Coast Guard shall— (A) ensure there is a process for each Area Maritime Security Advisory Committee es-tablished under section 70112 of title 46, United States Code— (i) to facilitate the sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks that may cause transportation security incidents; (ii) to timely report transportation secu-rity incidents to the national level; and (iii) to disseminate such reports across the entire maritime transportation system; and (B) issue voluntary guidance for the man-agement of such cybersecurity risks in each Area Maritime Transportation Security Plan and facility security plan required under sec-tion 70103 of title 46, United States Code, ap-proved after the date that the cybersecurity risk assessment model is developed under subsection (a) of this section. (d) V
ULNERABILITY ASSESSMENTS AND SECU-
RITY PLANS .— (1) F
ACILITY AND VESSEL ASSESSMENTS .— Section 70102(b)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and by not later than De-cember 31, 2004’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘se-curity against cybersecurity risks,’’ after ‘‘physical security,’’. (2) M
ARITIME TRANSPORTATION SECURITY  
PLANS .—Section 70103 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Not later than April 1, 2005, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; (B) in subsection (a)(2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) A plan to detect, respond to, and re-cover from cybersecurity risks that may cause transportation security incidents.’’; (C) in subsection (b)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (G)(ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (H) as subparagraph (I); and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following: ‘‘(H) include a plan for detecting, respond-ing to, and recovering from cybersecurity risks that may cause transportation security incidents; and’’; and (D) in subsection (c)(3)(C)— (i) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) by redesignating clause (v) as clause (vi); and (iii) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(v) detecting, responding to, and recov-ering from cybersecurity risks that may cause transportation security incidents; and’’. (3) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to assessments or security plans, or updates to such assess-ments or plans, submitted after the date that the cybersecurity risk assessment model is developed under subsection (a). (e) BRIEF TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on how the Coast Guard will assist in security and response in the port environment when a cyber-caused trans-portation security incident occurs, to in-clude the use of cyber protection teams. 
SEC. 2304. FACILITY INSPECTION INTERVALS. 
Section 70103(c)(4)(D) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) subject to the availability of appro-priations, periodically, but not less than one time per year, conduct a risk-based, no no-tice facility inspection to verify the effec-tiveness of each such facility security plan.’’. 
SEC. 2305. UPDATES OF MARITIME OPERATIONS COORDINATION PLAN . 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 434. MARITIME OPERATIONS COORDINA-TION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the TSA Modernization Act, and biennially there-after, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) update the Maritime Operations Co-ordination Plan, published by the Depart-ment on July 7, 2011, to strengthen coordina-tion, planning, information sharing, and in-telligence integration for maritime oper-ations of components and offices of the De-partment with responsibility for maritime security missions; and ‘‘(2) submit each update to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each update shall address the following: ‘‘(1) Coordinating the planning, integration of maritime operations, and development of joint maritime domain awareness efforts of any component or office of the Department with responsibility for maritime security missions. ‘‘(2) Maintaining effective information sharing and, as appropriate, intelligence in-tegration, with Federal, State, and local offi-cials and the private sector, regarding threats to maritime security. ‘‘(3) Cooperating and coordinating with Federal departments and agencies, and State and local agencies, in the maritime environ-ment, in support of maritime security mis-sions. ‘‘(4) Highlighting the work completed with-in the context of other national and Depart-ment maritime security strategic guidance and how that work fits with the Maritime Operations Coordination Plan.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2136) is amended by adding after the item re-lating to section 433 the following: ‘‘434. Maritime operations coordination plan.’’. 
SEC. 2306. EVALUATION OF COAST GUARD DEPLOYABLE SPECIALIZED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3838 June 12, 2018 
Security of the House of Representatives a report on the state of the Coast Guard’s Deployable Specialized Forces (referred to in this section as DSF). (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) For each of the past 3 fiscal years, and for each type of DSF, the following: (A) A cost analysis, including training, op-erating, and travel costs. (B) The number of personnel assigned. (C) The total number of units. (D) The total number of operations con-ducted. (E) The number of operations requested by each of the following: (i) Coast Guard. (ii) Other components or offices of the De-partment of Homeland Security. (iii) Other Federal departments or agen-cies. (iv) State agencies. (v) Local agencies. (F) The number of operations fulfilled in support of each entity described in clauses (i) through (v) of subparagraph (E). (2) An examination of alternative distribu-tions of deployable specialized forces, includ-ing the feasibility, cost (including cost sav-ings), and impact on mission capability of such distributions, including at a minimum the following: (A) Combining deployable specialized forces, primarily focused on counterdrug op-erations, under one centralized command. (B) Distributing counter-terrorism and anti-terrorism capabilities to deployable spe-cialized forces in each major United States port. (c) D
EFINITION OF DEPLOYABLE SPECIALIZED  F
ORCES OR DSF.—In this section, the term ‘‘deployable specialized forces’’ or ‘‘DSF’’ means the deployable specialized forces es-tablished section 70106 of title 46, United States Code. 
SEC. 2307. REPEAL OF INTERAGENCY OPER-ATIONAL CENTERS FOR PORT SECU-RITY AND SECURE SYSTEMS OF TRANSPORTATION. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY OPERATIONAL CENTERS FOR  P
ORT SECURITY .—Section 70107A of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (b) S
ECURE SYSTEMS OF TRANSPORTATION .— Section 70116 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for chapter 701 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 70107A and 70116. (2) R
EPORT REQUIREMENT .—Section 108 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–347; 120 Stat. 1893) is amended by striking subsection (b) (46 U.S.C. 70107A note) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) [Reserved].’’. 
SEC. 2308. DUPLICATION OF EFFORTS IN THE MARITIME DOMAIN. 
(a) GAO A NALYSIS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct an analysis of all operations in the applicable location of— (A) the Air and Marine Operations of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and (B) any other agency of the Department of Homeland Security that operates air and marine assets; (2) in conducting the analysis under para-graph (1)— (A) determine whether any duplicative op-erations are occurring among the agencies described in paragraph (1); (B) examine the extent to which the Air and Marine Operations is synchronizing and deconflicting any duplicative flight hours or patrols with the agencies described in para-graph (1)(B); (C) include a sector-by-sector analysis of any potential costs savings that would be de-rived through greater coordination of flight hours and patrols; and (D) examine whether co-locating personnel from the agencies described in paragraph (1) would enhance cooperation among those agencies; and (3) submit to the Secretary of Homeland Security and the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the analysis, including any recommendations. (b) DHS REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date the report is submitted under subsection (a)(3), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on what ac-tions the Secretary plans to take in response to the findings of the analysis and rec-ommendations of the Comptroller General. (c) D
EFINITION OF APPLICABLE LOCATION .— In this section, the term ‘‘applicable loca-tion’’ means any location in which the Air and Marine Operations of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection is based within 45 miles of a location in which any other agen-cy of the Department of Homeland Security also operates air and marine assets. 
SEC. 2309. MARITIME SECURITY CAPABILITIES ASSESSMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by section 2305 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 435. MARITIME SECURITY CAPABILITIES ASSESSMENTS. 
‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the TSA Modernization Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, an assessment of the number and type of maritime assets and the number of personnel required to in-crease the Department’s maritime response rate pursuant to section 1092 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (6 U.S.C. 223).’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2136), as amended by section 2305 of this Act, is further amended by adding after the item relating to section 434 the following: ‘‘435. Maritime security capabilities assess-ments.’’. 
SEC. 2310. CONTAINER SECURITY INITIATIVE. 
Section 205(l) of the Security and Account-ability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 945) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2007,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 270 days after the date of enact-ment of the TSA Modernization Act,’’; and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (H) as paragraphs (1) through (8), re-spectively. 
SEC. 2311. MARITIME BORDER SECURITY CO-OPERATION. 
The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall, in ac-cordance with law— (1) partner with other Federal, State, and local government agencies to leverage exist-ing technology, including existing sensor and camera systems and other sensors, in place along the maritime border on the date of en-actment of this Act to provide continuous monitoring of the high-risk maritime bor-ders, as determined by the Secretary; and (2) enter into such agreements as the Sec-retary considers necessary to ensure 24-hour monitoring of the technology described in paragraph (1). SEC. 2312. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) S TUDY TO IDENTIFY REDUNDANT BACK-
GROUND RECORDS CHECKS .—Section 105 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–347; 120 Stat. 1891) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents for that Act are repealed. (b) D
OMESTIC RADIATION DETECTION AND IM-
AGING .—Section 121 of the Security and Ac-countability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 921)— (1) by striking subsections (c), (d), and (e); (2) redesignating subsections (f), (g), (h), and (i) as subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f), re-spectively; and (3) in subsection (e)(1)(B), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(and updating, if any, of that strategy under subsection (c))’’. (c) I
NSPECTION OF CARFERRIES ENTERING  F
ROM ABROAD .—Section 122 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 922) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents for that Act are repealed. (d) R
EPORT ON ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE  M
ANIFEST FOR CERTAIN COMMERCIAL VESSELS  
IN THE UNITED STATES VIRGIN ISLANDS .—Sec- tion 127 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (120 Stat. 1900) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents for that Act are repealed. (e) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION AND CO-
ORDINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 233 of the Secu-rity and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 983) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 233. INSPECTION TECHNOLOGY AND TRAIN-ING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in co-ordination with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Energy, and appropriate rep-resentatives of other Federal agencies, may provide technical assistance, equipment, and training to facilitate the implementation of supply chain security measures at ports des-ignated under the Container Security Initia-tive. ‘‘(b) A
CQUISITION AND TRAINING .—Unless otherwise prohibited by law, the Secretary may— ‘‘(1) lease, loan, provide, or otherwise as-sist in the deployment of nonintrusive in-spection and radiation detection equipment at foreign land and sea ports under such terms and conditions as the Secretary pre-scribes, including nonreimbursable loans or the transfer of ownership of equipment; and ‘‘(2) provide training and technical assist-ance for domestic or foreign personnel re-sponsible for operating or maintaining such equipment.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Security and Ac-countability for Every Port Act of 2006 (Pub-lic Law 109–347; 120 Stat. 1884) is amended by amending the item relating to section 233 to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 233. Inspection technology and train-ing.’’. (f) P
ILOT PROGRAM TO IMPROVE THE SECU-
RITY OF EMPTY CONTAINERS .—Section 235 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (6 U.S.C. 984) and the item relating to that section in the table of con-tents for that Act are repealed. (g) S
ECURITY PLAN FOR ESSENTIAL AIR S
ERVICE AND SMALL COMMUNITY AIRPORTS .— Section 701 of the Security and Account-ability for Every Port Act of 2006 (Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3839 June 12, 2018 
Law 109–347; 120 Stat. 1943) and the item re-lating to that section in the table of con-tents for that Act are repealed. (h) A
IRCRAFT CHARTER CUSTOMER AND LES-
SEEPRESCREENING PROGRAM .—Section 708 of the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–347; 120 Stat. 1947) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents for that Act are re-pealed. TITLE IV—CONFORMING AND MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 2401. TITLE 49 AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D ELETION OF DUTIES RELATED TO AVIA-
TION SECURITY .—Section 106(g) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) D
UTIES AND POWERS OF ADMINIS -
TRATOR .—The Administrator shall carry out the following: ‘‘(1) Duties and powers of the Secretary of Transportation under subsection (f) of this section related to aviation safety (except those related to transportation, packaging, marking, or description of hazardous mate-rial) and stated in the following: ‘‘(A) Section 308(b). ‘‘(B) Subsections (c) and (d) of section 1132. ‘‘(C) Sections 40101(c), 40103(b), 40106(a), 40108, 40109(b), 40113(a), 40113(c), 40113(d), 40113(e), and 40114(a). ‘‘(D) Chapter 445, except sections 44501(b), 44502(a)(2), 44502(a)(3), 44502(a)(4), 44503, 44506, 44509, 44510, 44514, and 44515. ‘‘(E) Chapter 447, except sections 44717, 44718(a), 44718(b), 44719, 44720, 44721(b), 44722, and 44723. ‘‘(F) Chapter 451. ‘‘(G) Chapter 453. ‘‘(H) Section 46104. ‘‘(I) Subsections (d) and (h)(2) of section 46301 and sections 46303(c), 46304 through 46308, 46310, 46311, and 46313 through 46316. ‘‘(J) Chapter 465. ‘‘(K) Sections 47504(b) (related to flight procedures), 47508(a), and 48107. ‘‘(2) Additional duties and powers pre-scribed by the Secretary of Transpor-tation.’’. (b) T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY OVERSIGHT  B
OARD .—Section 115 is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(6), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (c) C
HAPTER 401 A MENDMENTS .—Chapter 401 is amended— (1) in section 40109— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘, 40119, 44901, 44903, 44906, and 44935–44937’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘sections 44909 and’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 44909(a), 44909(b), and’’; (2) in section 40113— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary of Transportation for Security with respect to security duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Under Secretary or’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration with re-spect to security duties and powers des-ignated to be carried out by that Adminis-trator or’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘carried out by the Admin-istrator’’ and inserting ‘‘carried out by that Administrator’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘, Under Secretary, or Ad-ministrator,’’ and inserting ‘‘, Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion, or Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration,’’; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security or the’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Transportation Security Administration or Federal Aviation Admin-istration, as the case may be,’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Aviation Administration’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary or Ad-ministrator, as the case may be,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator’’; (3) by striking section 40119; and (4) in the table of contents, by striking the item relating to section 40119 and inserting the following: ‘‘40119. [Reserved].’’. (d) CHAPTER 449 A MENDMENTS .—Chapter 449 is amended— (1) in section 44901— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’; (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘but not later than the 60th day following the date of enactment of the Aviation and Transpor-tation Security Act’’; (C) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; and (II) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘no later than December 31, 2002’’; (ii) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (2); and (iv) in paragraph (2), as redesignated— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary (Transportation Security Administration)’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (III) in subparagraph (D)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘Admin-istrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’; (D) in subsection (e)— (i) in that matter preceding paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘but not later than the 60th day following the date of enactment of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (E) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘after the date of enactment of the Aviation and Trans-portation Security Act’’; (F) in subsection (g)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007, the’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘as fol-lows:’’ and all that follows and inserting a period; (iii) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall issue a final rule as a permanent regulation to implement this subsection in accordance with the provisions of chapter 5 of title 5.’’; (iv) by striking paragraph (4); and (v) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4); (G) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (H) in subsection (i)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (I) in subsection (j)(1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Before January 1, 2008, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this subsection’’ and in-serting ‘‘August 3, 2007’’; (J) in subsection (k)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this subsection, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this subsection, the’’ in paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (K) in subsection (l)— (i) in paragraph (2)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Beginning June 1, 2012, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security Administration)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘Admin-istrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (iii) in paragraph (4)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘60 days after the deadline specified in paragraph (2), and not later than’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘Admin-istrator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration’’; (2) section 44902 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3840 June 12, 2018 
(3) section 44903 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
EFINI -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘D EFINITIONS ’’; (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (3) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively; (iii) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transpor-tation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (iv) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘In this sec-tion, ‘law enforcement personnel’ means in-dividuals—’’ and inserting ‘‘In this section:’’; (v) by inserting before subparagraph (A), the following: ‘‘(2) L
AW ENFORCEMENT PERSONNEL .—The term ‘law enforcement personnel’ means in-dividuals—’’; and (vi) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration.’’; (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’; (C) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’s’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’s’’; (D) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Home-land Security’’; (ii) in paragraph (4)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, as soon as practicable after the date of enact-ment of this subsection,’’; (II) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 44903(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; and (III) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘, not later than March 31, 2005,’’; (iii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘Assist-ant Secretary of Homeland Security (Trans-portation Security Administration)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator’’; (iv) in paragraph (6)(A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Implementing Rec-ommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘section’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph’’; and (v) in paragraph (6)(C), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Home-land Security’’; (E) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘, after the date of enactment of this paragraph,’’; (F) in subsection (j)— (i) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall periodically recommend to airport operators commercially available measures or proce-dures to prevent access to secure airport areas by unauthorized persons.’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘C
OMPUTER - 
ASSISTED PASSENGER PRESCREENING SYSTEM ’’ and inserting ‘‘S
ECURE FLIGHT PROGRAM ’’; (II) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Computer-Assisted Pas-senger Prescreening System’’ and inserting ‘‘Secure Flight program’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transpor-tation’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘system’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘program’’; (III) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Computer-Assisted Pas-senger Prescreening System’’ and inserting ‘‘Secure Flight program’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transpor-tation’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (IV) in subparagraph (C)— (aa) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘Not later than January 1, 2005, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Secu-rity Administration), or the designee of the Assistant Secretary,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator’’; (bb) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after completion of testing under clause (i), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (cc) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after’’ and inserting ‘‘After’’; (V) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘As-sistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security Administration)’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (VI) in subparagraph (E)(i), by striking ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Assistant Secretary assumes the performance of the advanced passenger prescreening function under subparagraph (C)(ii), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The Adminis-trator’’; and (VII) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Admin-istrator’’; (G) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Se-curity of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (H) in subsection (m)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transpor-tation Security Administration)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (4) section 44904 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration’’; (B) in subsection (c)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 114(t)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 114(s)(3)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘section 114(t)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 114(s)’’; (C) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date of the submission of the National Strategy for Transportation Security under section 114(t)(4)(A), the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Secu-rity Administration)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘section 114(t)(1)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 114(s)(1)’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (5) section 44905 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transpor-tation’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary.’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator.’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration’’; and (C) in subsections (c), (d), and (f), by strik-ing ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration’’; (6) section 44906 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (7) section 44908 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transpor-tation’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘safety or’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator’’; (8) section 44909 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Not later than March 16, 1991, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act, each’’ and inserting ‘‘Each’’; (ii) in paragraphs (2)(F) and (5), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (iii) in paragraph (6)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after date of enactment of this paragraph, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B)(ii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘the Secretary will’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity will’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘the Secretary to’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Security to’’; (9) section 44911 is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration’’; (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘request of the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘request of the Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (C) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary, and the Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘intelligence community and the Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in-telligence community and the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion’’; (10) section 44912 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, not later than November 16, 1993,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘Re-search, Engineering and Development Advi-sory Committee’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘, as a sub-committee of the Research, Engineering, and Development Advisory Committee,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act, and every two years thereafter,’’ and in-serting ‘‘Biennially,’’; (C) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) S
ECURITY AND RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT ACTIVITIES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3841 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall conduct research (including behavioral re-search) and development activities appro-priate to develop, modify, test, and evaluate a system, procedure, facility, or device to protect passengers and property against acts of criminal violence, aircraft piracy, and ter-rorism and to ensure security. ‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 552 of title 5, the Administrator shall pre-scribe regulations prohibiting disclosure of information obtained or developed in ensur-ing security under this title if the Secretary of Homeland Security decides disclosing the information would— ‘‘(i) be an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy; ‘‘(ii) reveal a trade secret or privileged or confidential commercial or financial infor-mation; or ‘‘(iii) be detrimental to transportation safety. ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION TO CONGRESS .—Subpara- graph (A) does not authorize information to be withheld from a committee of Congress authorized to have the information. ‘‘(C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be construed to au-thorize the designation of information as sensitive security information (as defined in section 15.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations)— ‘‘(i) to conceal a violation of law, ineffi-ciency, or administrative error; ‘‘(ii) to prevent embarrassment to a per-son, organization, or agency; ‘‘(iii) to restrain competition; or ‘‘(iv) to prevent or delay the release of in-formation that does not require protection in the interest of transportation security, in-cluding basic scientific research information not clearly related to transportation secu-rity. ‘‘(D) P
RIVACY ACT .—Section 552a of title 5 shall not apply to disclosures that the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration may make from the systems of records of the Transportation Security Administration to any Federal law enforce-ment, intelligence, protective service, immi-gration, or national security official in order to assist the official receiving the informa-tion in the performance of official duties. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFERS OF DUTIES AND POWERS PRO -
HIBITED .—Except as otherwise provided by law, the Administrator may not transfer a duty or power under this section to another department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITION OF ADMINISTRATOR .—In this section, the term ‘Administrator’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration.’’; (11) section 44913 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration (referred to in this section as ‘the Administrator’)’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2); (iii) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and (iv) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’; (12) section 44914 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘the Department of Trans-portation,’’ before ‘‘air carriers, airport au-thorities, and others’’; (13) section 44915 is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Se-curity’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (14) section 44916 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ the sec-ond place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (15) section 44917 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transpor-tation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘by the Secretary’’; (B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs En-forcement of the Department of Homeland Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (16) section 44918 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2)(E), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Se-curity of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Not later than one year after the date of enactment of the Vision 100—Century of Aviation Reau-thorization Act, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (iii) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of the Vision 100—Century of Aviation Reauthorization Act’’ and inserting ‘‘December 12, 2003,’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than one year after the date of enactment of the Vision 100—Century of Aviation Reau-thorization Act, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (ii) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘Federal Air Marshals Service’’ and inserting ‘‘Fed-eral Air Marshal Service’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (17) section 44920 is amended— (A) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a) or section 44919’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF ADMINISTRATOR .—In this section, the term ‘Administrator’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration.’’; (18) section 44922 is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ Deputa- tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Deputization’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
EPUTA -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘D EPUTIZATION ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (C) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘deputa-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘deputization’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (19) section 44923 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Se-curity of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (C) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking paragraph (2); and (ii) by striking ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—’’; and (D) by striking subsection (j); (20) section 44924 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Border and Transportation Security of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Administrator under’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration under’’; (B) in subsections (b), (c), (d), (e), and (f), by striking ‘‘Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration’’; (C) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘Not later than 240 days after the date of enactment of this section, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (21) section 44925 is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Secu-rity Administration)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (3); and (C) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Assist-ant Secretary’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration’’; (22) section 44926(b)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘an misidentified passenger’’ and insert-ing ‘‘a misidentified passenger’’; (23) section 44927 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Veteran Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Veterans Affairs’’; and (C) in subsection (f)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘R
EPORT ’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EPORTS ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and annually thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year,’’; (24) section 44933 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Federal Security Man-ager’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Security Direc-tor’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Managers’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Federal Security Di-rectors’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Man-ager’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Security Direc-tor’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3842 June 12, 2018 
(C) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (25) section 44934 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘airports. In coordination with the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘airports. In coordination with the Secretary of State’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall give high priority’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of State shall give high priority’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration’’; and (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘the Sec-retary and the chief’’ and inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary of State and the chief’’; (26) section 44935 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (B) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)(A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Within 30 days after the date of enactment of the Aviation and Trans-portation Security Act, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (bb) by inserting ‘‘other’’ before ‘‘provision of law’’; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘section 1102(a)(22)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 101(a)(22)’’; (C) in subsection (f)(1), by inserting ‘‘other’’ before ‘‘provision of law’’; (D) in subsection (g)(2), by striking ‘‘With-in 60 days after the date of enactment of the Aviation and Transportation Security Act, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; (E) by striking ‘‘(i) A
CCESSIBILITY OF COM-
PUTER -BASED TRAINING FACILITIES .—’’ and in- serting ‘‘(k) A
CCESSIBILITY OF COMPUTER - 
BASED TRAINING FACILITIES .—’’; (F) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) D
EFINITION OF ADMINISTRATOR .—In this section, the term ‘Administrator’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration.’’; (27) section 44936 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (ii) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘,,’’ and inserting a comma; and (II) by striking subparagraph (C); and (iii) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (C); (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Administra-tor’s’’; (C) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) D
EFINITION OF ADMINISTRATOR .—In this section, the term ‘Administrator’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration.’’; (28) section 44937 is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Se-curity’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (29) section 44938 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transpor-tation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Home-land Security’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (30) section 44939(d) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this section, the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity’’; (31) section 44940 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; and (II) by striking the last two sentences; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) DETERMINATION OF COSTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the costs under paragraph (1) shall be determined by the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration and shall not be sub-ject to judicial review. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITION OF FEDERAL LAW ENFORCE -
MENT PERSONNEL .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), the term ‘Federal law enforcement personnel’ includes State and local law en-forcement officers who are deputized under section 44922.’’; (B) in subsections (b), (d), (e), (g), and (h), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (C) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘within 60 days of the date of enactment of this Act, or’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘thereafter’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘sub-section (d)’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (1) of this subsection’’; (D) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘F
EES 
PAYABLE TO UNDER SECRETARY ’’ in the head-ing and inserting ‘‘F
EES PAYABLE TO ADMINIS -
TRATOR ’’; and (E) in subsection (i)(4)— (i) by striking subparagraphs (A) through (D); and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) through (L) as subparagraphs (A) through (H), respectively; (32) section 44941(a) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘the Department of Homeland Security,’’ after ‘‘Department of Transportation,’’; (33) section 44942 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Within 180 days after the date of enactment of the Aviation and Trans-portation Security Act, the Under Secretary for Transportation Security may, in con-sultation with’’ and inserting ‘‘The Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration may, in consultation with other relevant Federal agencies and’’; and (II) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting a comma after ‘‘Federal Aviation Administration’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘(1) PERFORMANCE PLAN AND  
REPORT .—’’; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; (iii) in paragraph (1), as redesignated— (I) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (II) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘the Secretary and the Under Secretary for Transportation Security shall agree’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall agree’’; and (III) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘the Secretary, the Under Sec-retary for Transportation Security’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration,’’; and (iv) in paragraph (2), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Transpor-tation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (34) section 44943 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Transportation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘Secretary and Under Sec-retary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security and Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary shall’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Admin-istrator shall’’; and (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Aviation Security Act, the Under Secretary for Trans-portation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597), the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion’’; (35) section 44944 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Transpor-tation Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration,’’ after ‘‘consult with’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (36) section 44945(b) is amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration’’; and (37) section 44946 is amended— (A) in subsection (g)— (i) by striking paragraph (2); (ii) by redesignating paragraph (1) as para-graph (2); and (iii) by inserting before paragraph (2), as redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration.’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’’; (C) in subsection (b)(4)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3843 June 12, 2018 
(i) by striking ‘‘the Secretary receives’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator receives’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator shall’’; and (D) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of the Aviation Security Stake-holder Participation Act of 2014, the’’ and in-serting ‘‘The’’. (e) C
HAPTER 451 A MENDMENTS .—Section 45107 is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security, the Transportation Security Administra-tion,’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’. (f) C
HAPTER 461 A MENDMENTS .—Chapter 461 is amended— (1) in each of sections 46101(a)(1), 46102(a), 46103(a), 46104(a), 46105(a), 46106, 46107(b), and 46110(a) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security with respect to security duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Under Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration with respect to security duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (2) in each of sections 46101, 46102(c), 46103, 46104, 46105, 46107, and 46110 by striking ‘‘or Administrator’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘or Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration’’; (3) in each of sections 46101(a)(1), 46102(a) 46103(a), 46104(a), 46105(a), 46106, 46107(b), and 46110(a) by striking ‘‘by the Administrator)’’ and inserting ‘‘by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration)’’; (4) in each of sections 46101, 46102, 46103, 46104, 46105, 46107, and 46110 by striking ‘‘Under Secretary,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration,’’; (5) in section 46102— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration’’; (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘and Ad-ministrator’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘and Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration’’; and (C) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘the Ad-ministrator, or an officer or employee of the Administration’’ in subsection (d) and insert-ing ‘‘the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration, or an officer or em-ployee of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion’’; (6) in section 46104— (A) by striking ‘‘subpena’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘S
UBPENAS ’’ and inserting ‘‘S
UBPOENAS ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Administrator, or’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration, or’’; (7) in section 46105(c), by striking ‘‘When the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘When the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration’’; (8) in section 46109, by inserting ‘‘(or the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration with respect to security duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration or the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration with respect to aviation safety du-ties and powers designated to be carried out by the Administrator)’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’; and (9) in section 46111— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by inserting ‘‘the’’ before ‘‘Federal Aviation Administration’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Administrator is’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration is’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary for Bor-der and Transportation Security of the De-partment of Homeland Security’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (B) in subsections (b), (c), (e), and (g), by striking ‘‘Administrator’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration’’; (C) in subsection (g)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘(18 U.S.C. App.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(18 U.S.C. App.))’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’. (g) CHAPTER 463 A MENDMENTS .—Chapter 463 is amended— (1) in section 46301— (A) in subsection (a)(5)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘or chapter 451’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 451’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘of Transportation’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; (B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘defined by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘defined by the Secretary of Transportation’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Administrator shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall’’; (ii) in paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), (7), and (8), by striking ‘‘Administrator’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration’’; and (iii) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion’’; (C) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘of Transportation’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; (D) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘Admin-istrator’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration’’; and (E) in subsection (h)(2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security with respect to secu-rity duties and powers designated to be car-ried out by the Under Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration with respect to se-curity duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or the Administrator with respect to aviation safety duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Adminis-trator’’ and inserting ‘‘or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration with respect to aviation safety duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion’’; (2) in section 46304(b), by striking ‘‘or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration with respect to aviation safety duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration with respect to aviation safety duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration’’; (3) in section 46311— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security with respect to secu-rity duties and powers designated to be car-ried out by the Under Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration with respect to se-curity duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (II) by striking ‘‘the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration with re-spect to aviation safety duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Adminis-trator’’ and inserting ‘‘or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration with respect to aviation safety duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion’’; (III) by striking ‘‘Administrator shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall’’; and (IV) by striking ‘‘Administrator,’’ and in-serting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration,’’; and (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration’’; (B) in subsections (b) and (c), by striking ‘‘Administrator’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration’’; (4) in section 46313— (A) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security with respect to secu-rity duties and powers designated to be car-ried out by the Under Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration with respect to se-curity duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration with respect to aviation safety duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Adminis-trator’’ and inserting ‘‘or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration with respect to aviation safety duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘subpena’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’; and (5) in section 46316(a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Trans-portation for Security with respect to secu-rity duties and powers designated to be car-ried out by the Under Secretary’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration with respect to se-curity duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration with respect to aviation safety duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Adminis-trator’’ and inserting ‘‘or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration with respect to aviation safety duties and powers designated to be carried out by the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion’’. (h) C
HAPTER 465 A MENDMENTS .—Chapter 465 is amended— (1) in section 46505(d)(2), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Se-curity’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3844 June 12, 2018 
(2) in the table of contents for chapter 465 of subtitle VII, by striking the following: ‘‘46503. Repealed.’’. (i) C
HAPTER 483 R EPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 483 is repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for subtitle VII is amended by striking the following: ‘‘483. Aviation security funding ........ 48301’’. (j) A
UTHORITY TOEXEMPT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 449 is amended by inserting before section 44933 the following: ‘‘§ 44931. Authority to exempt ‘‘The Secretary of Homeland Security may grant an exemption from a regulation pre-scribed in carrying out sections 44901, 44903, 44906, 44909(c), and 44935–44937 of this title when the Secretary decides the exemption is in the public interest. ‘‘§ 44932. Administrative ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may take action the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this chapter and chapters 461, 463, and 465 of this title, including conducting investiga-tions, prescribing regulations, standards, and procedures, and issuing orders. ‘‘(b) I
NDEMNIFICATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may indemnify an officer or employee of the Transportation Security Administration against a claim or judgment arising out of an act that the Secretary de-cides was committed within the scope of the official duties of the officer or employee.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of chapter 449 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 44933 the following: ‘‘44931. Authority to exempt. ‘‘44932. Administrative.’’. 
SEC. 2402. TABLE OF CONTENTS OF CHAPTER 449. 
The table of contents of chapter 449 is amended— (1) in the item relating to section 44922, by striking ‘‘Deputation’’ and inserting ‘‘Depu-tization’’; and (2) by inserting after section 44941 the fol-lowing: ‘‘44942. Performance goals and objectives. ‘‘44943. Performance management system.’’. 
SEC. 2403. OTHER LAWS; INTELLIGENCE REFORM AND TERRORISM PREVENTION ACT OF 2004. 
Section 4016(c) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (49 U.S.C. 44917 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs En-forcement’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Transportation Security Administra-tion’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs En-forcement and the Director of Federal Air Marshal Service of the Department of Home-land Security, in coordination with the As-sistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security Administration),’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration and the Director of Federal Air Marshal Service of the Department of Homeland Security’’. 
SEC. 2404. SAVINGS PROVISIONS. 
References relating to the Under Secretary of Transportation for Security in statutes, Executive orders, rules, regulations, direc-tives, or delegations of authority that pre-cede the effective date of this Act shall be deemed to refer, as appropriate, to the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration. 
SA 2809. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 48, strike line 10 and all that follows through page 49, line 6, and in-sert the following: (1) A process for streamlined communica-tions between the Under Secretary, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the commanders of the com-batant commands, the science and tech-nology executives within each military de-partment, the science and technology com-munity, and the manufacturing industrial base, including— (A) a process for the commanders of the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff to communicate their needs to the science and technology community and the manufacturing industrial base; and (B) a process for the science and tech-nology community and centers for manufac-turing innovation to propose technologies that meet the needs communicated by the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (2) Procedures for the development of tech-nologies proposed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), including— (A) a process for demonstrating perform-ance of the proposed technologies on a short timeline; (B) a process for accelerating, transitioning, and integrating new manufac-turing technologies and processes; 
SA 2810. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 57, strike lines 3 through 25 and in-sert the following: (2) support efforts to accelerate the inte-gration and transition of new manufacturing technologies and processes; (3) identify improvements to sustainment methods for component parts and other lo-gistics needs; (4) identify and implement appropriate in-formation security protections to ensure se-curity of advanced manufacturing; (5) aid in the procurement of advanced manufacturing equipment and support serv-ices; and (6) enhance partnerships between the de-fense industrial base and Department of De-fense laboratories, academic institutions, and industry. (c) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS AND PART-
NERSHIPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretaries may enter into a cooperative agreement and use public-private and public-public partner-ships to facilitate development or transition of advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities in support of the defense indus-trial base. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A cooperative agree-ment entered into under paragraph (1) and a partnership used under such paragraph shall facilitate— (A) development and implementation of advanced manufacturing techniques and ca-pabilities and the transition of existing ca-pabilities; SA 2811. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY ANNUAL REPORT. 
(a) R EVISIONS TO REPORT ELEMENTS .—Sub- section (a) of section 2313a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘signifi-cant’’ and all that follows through the semi-colon at the end, and inserting ‘‘the regu-latory requirements that create compliance difficulties for contractors, including an analysis of how those regulatory require-ments affect contractors of different sizes and industries;’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (A) through (E) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) the total number of new audit or advi-sory engagements, by type (pre-award, in-curred cost, other post-award, and business system), with time limits expiring during the fiscal year that were completed or were awaiting completion, as compared to total audit and advisory engagements completed or awaiting completion during the year; ‘‘(B) on-time performance relative to time limits for each type of audit or advisory en-gagement (shown separately for the Defense Contract Audit Agency and qualified private auditors retained by the agency); ‘‘(C) the time limit (expressed in days) for each type of audit or advisory engagement, along with the shortest period, longest pe-riod, and average period of actual perform-ance (shown separately for the Defense Con-tract Audit Agency and qualified private auditors retained by the agency); ‘‘(D) for pre-award audits of contractor costs, sustained costs as a total number and as a percentage of total questioned costs, where questioned costs are expressed as the impact on negotiable contract costs; ‘‘(E) for post-award audits, the questioned costs accepted by the contracting officers and contractors as a total number and as a percentage of total questioned costs, where questioned costs are expressed as the impact on reimbursable contract (shown separately for the Defense Contract Audit Agency and qualified private auditors retained by the agency, for services both entities perform);’’; and (B) in subparagraph (H)— (i) by inserting ‘‘post-award’’ after ‘‘dollar value of’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘submission’’ and inserting ‘‘proposal’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), and (9), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A summary of the reasons for the dif-ference between questioned and sustained costs shown in the statistical tables under paragraph (2).’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.011 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3845 June 12, 2018 
(5) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection), by striking ‘‘needed to improve the audit process;’’ and inserting ‘‘needed by the Defense Contract Audit Agency to improve the audit process or that would enhance compliance with regu-latory requirements.’’; (6) in paragraph (7) (as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection), by striking ‘‘more effective use of audit resources;’’ and inserting ‘‘contract compliance and profes-sional development of the Defense Contract Audit Agency workforce (shown separately for collaborative outreach actions and other outreach actions).’’; and (7) by inserting after paragraph (7) (as re-designated by paragraph (3) of this sub-section) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) A statistically representative survey of contracting officers form Department of Defense buying commands, the Defense Con-tract Management Agency, and small and large business representatives from industry to measure the timeliness and effectiveness of audit and advisory services provided (shown separately for the Defense Contract Audit Agency and qualified private auditors retained by the Defense Contract Audit Agency).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection (a) of such section is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall include, at a minimum—’’ and inserting ‘‘shall include the following:’’; (2) by capitalizing the first letter following the paragraph designation in each of para-graphs (1), (2), (4), (5), (6), (7), and (9); and (3) by striking the semicolon at the end of each of paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (6) and in-serting a period. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘qualified in-curred cost submission’’ and inserting ‘‘qualified private auditor’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2020. 
SA 2812. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SMALL BUSINESS PROCUREMENT STRAT-EGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 136 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2282. Department of defense small business procurement strategy ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of De-fense shall develop and implement a small business strategy for the Department of De-fense that meets the requirements of this section and enables the Department to bet-ter leverage small businesses as a means to enhance or support mission execution. ‘‘(b) U
NIFIED MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE .—As part of the small business strategy described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that there is a unified management struc-ture within the Department for the functions of the Department relating to— ‘‘(1) programs and activities related to small business concerns (as defined in sec-tion 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); ‘‘(2) manufacturing and industrial base pol-icy; and ‘‘(3) any procurement technical assistance program established under chapter 142 of this title. ‘‘(c) ENHANCED COORDINATION .—As part of the small business strategy required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that coordination is improved among De-partment of Defense offices that shape the industrial base or promote small business use to make sure the Department has a co-herent and comprehensive view of small business capabilities and innovations and how they strengthen the defense market. ‘‘(d) P
URPOSE OF SMALL BUSINESS PRO-
GRAMS .—The Secretary shall ensure that programs and activities of the Department of Defense related to small business concerns are carried out so as to further national de-fense programs and priorities and the state-ments of purpose for Department of Defense acquisition set forth in section 801 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1449). ‘‘(e) P
OINTS OF ENTRY INTODEFENSE MAR-
KET.—The Secretary shall ensure— ‘‘(1) that opportunities for small business concerns to contract with the Department of Defense are identified clearly; ‘‘(2) that small business concerns are able to have access to program managers, con-tracting officers, and other persons using the products or services of such concern to the extent necessary to inform such persons of emerging and existing capabilities of such concerns; and ‘‘(3) that Department of Defense and de-fense sector engagement with non-tradi-tional and innovative companies is promoted and prioritized through expanded small busi-ness engagement to such small business con-cerns. ‘‘(f) E
NHANCED OUTREACH UNDER PROCURE -
MENT TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM MAR-
KET.—The Secretary shall enable and pro-mote activities to provide coordinated out-reach to small business concerns through any procurement technical assistance pro-gram established under chapter 142 of this title to facilitate small business contracting with the Department of Defense.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2282. Department of Defense small business strategy.’’. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop the small business strategy re-quired by section 2282 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS AND PUBLICATION .— Upon completion of the development of the small business strategy pursuant to para-graph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) transmit the strategy to Congress; and (B) publish the strategy on a public website of the Department of Defense. 
SA 2813. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of part I of subtitle C of title XVI, add the following: 
SEC. ll. UNITED STATES CYBER STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees and make available to the public a comprehensive, interagency national strategy for cyber-space. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The comprehensive, inter-agency national strategy required by para-graph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A government-wide and accepted glos-sary of definitions and terms for cyberspace and cyber-related activities. (B) Criteria for the types of malicious cyber activities, including cyber-enabled in-formation warfare, that the United States Government will seek to deter and will re-spond to. (C) Processes, mechanisms, and authorities for attribution of malicious cyber activities. (D) Menu of options, and criteria for use of each, for deterrence, denial, and response to malicious cyber activities, including cyber- enabled information warfare, using the range of national power to conduct. (E) Tasks, roles, and responsibilities of the following entities in regards to cyberspace: (i) The Department of Homeland Security for domestic cyber security concerns and de-fense of critical infrastructure. (ii) The Department of Defense for mili-tary cyber activities and offensive cyber op-erations. (iii) The Department of State for cyber di-plomacy and promotion of United States val-ues on fair use of cyberspace and related ac-tivities. (iv) The Department of Commerce for cy-bersecurity matters relating to industry and economic needs, including standards, re-search, innovation, and competitiveness. (v) The Federal Bureau of Investigation for law enforcement and intelligence relating to criminal behavior of persons, individuals, and States, in cyberspace. (vi) The intelligence community (as de-fined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)). (vii) Any other agency deemed appropriate by the President to be a primary stakeholder for a cyber activity or related policy. (F) Specific tasks, roles, and responsibil-ities of the above entities in regards to cy-bersecurity incidents involving critical in-frastructure, cybersecurity incidents involv-ing the .gov Internet domain, and other cy-bersecurity incidents of significant con-sequence. (G) A specific description of the commu-nication, cooperation, and deconfliction mechanisms used in the interagency, espe-cially in an incident response capacity. (H) The specific priorities of the President in incident response and generalized order of operations in the event of a cyber attack to which the Federal Government is respond-ing. (I) Use of, coordination with, or liaison to international partners, nongovernmental or-ganizations, or commercial entities that sup-port United States policy goals in cyber-space. (J) The establishment of a permanent interagency working group to continually implement, study, and revise the cyber strat-egy for the whole of Government to meet emerging threats and trends. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.009 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3846 June 12, 2018 
(K) Mechanisms for continuous informa-tion sharing among Government agencies re-lating to cyber-enabled information warfare, cyber threats, cyber attacks, cybersecurity vulnerabilities, and cybersecurity tech-nology. (L) The development of a semiannual or bi-ennial war game involving all Federal agen-cies to determine best practices for domestic and global responses to cyber events. (M) Research and development priorities for the Federal Government and the United States. (N) Cooperative enterprises with the pri-vate sector and State and local governments. (O) Such other matters as the President considers appropriate. (b) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the submission of the strat-egy required by subsection (a), and annually after that, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an as-sessment of the strategy, including— (1) the status of implementation of the strategy; (2) any organizational realignment nec-essary for implementation of the strategy, including consolidation of responsibility and directive authorities under a single entity at the Federal level; (3) any insufficient capabilities of the enti-ties listed in subsection (a)(2)(E); (4) plans for corrective action for such insufficiencies; (5) brief and results of semiannual or bien-nial war games prescribed in subsection (a)(2)(L); and (6) any changes to the strategy since such submission. (c) F
ORM.—The strategy and assessment re-quired by this section shall each be sub-mitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the congressional intelligence commit-tees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)); (C) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and (D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Governmental Re-form, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘critical infrastructure’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2 of Executive Order 13696 of February 12, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 11739), or successor order. (3) The term ‘‘incident’’— (A) means an occurrence that actually or imminently jeopardizes, without lawful au-thority an information system or the integ-rity, confidentiality, or availability of infor-mation on an information system; and (B) includes attacks carried out with in-tent, occurrences that were the result of at-tacks, and occurrences with the effect of at-tacks. (4) The term ‘‘of significant consequence’’, with respect to an incident, means the inci-dent that occurred caused— (A) casualties among United States per-sons or persons of allies of the United States; (B) significant damage to private or public property; (C) significant economic disruption; (D) an effect, whether individually or in aggregate, comparable to that of an armed attack or one that imperils a vital national security interest of the United States; or (E) significant disruption of the normal functioning of United States democratic so-ciety or government, including attacks against or incidents involving critical infra-structure that could damage systems used to provide key services to the public or govern-ment. SA 2814. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. EXCEPTION FROM PUBLIC DISCLO-SURE OF MANIFEST INFORMATION FOR THE SHIPMENT OF HOUSEHOLD GOODS OF MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED FORCES AND FEDERAL EM-PLOYEES. 
Section 431(c)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1431(c)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) the shipment consists of used house-hold goods and personal effects, including personally owned vehicles, which are items that are for residential or professional use, are not for commercial resale, and are owned by a private individual who is— ‘‘(i) an employee, as that term is defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, who is shipping the goods and effects as part of a transfer of the employee from one offi-cial station to another for permanent duty or the spouse or dependent, as that term is defined in section 8901 of such title, of such an employee; or ‘‘(ii) a member of a uniformed service, as that term is defined in section 101 of title 37, United States Code, who is shipping the goods and effects as part of a permanent change of station or a dependent, as that term is defined in section 401 of such title, of such a member.’’. 
SA 2815. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title XI, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE MOBILITY IN SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY FIELDS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall enter into an agreement with a Federally funded research and development center to submit to the congressional de-fense committees, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, a report on the effects of rotating members of the Senior Executive Service of the De-partment of Defense in science and tech-nology fields. The report shall include inter-views with current and former members of such the Senior Executive Service of the De-partment of Defense in science and tech-nology and personnel managers in science and technology organizations. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A description and comparison of poli-cies of each of the military departments and the Office of the Secretary of Defense relat-ing to positions in the Senior Executive Service in science and technology fields. (2) A discussion of the advantages and dis-advantages of Senior Executive Service mo-bility and whether the policy should be dif-ferent for positions in science and tech-nology fields. (3) Identification of positions in the Senior Executive Service that may have been misclassified as technical positions. (4) An assessment of the extent to which mobility requirements of the Senior Execu-tive Service are a factor in retirement or re-cruitment, and whether that differs for science and technology fields from other fields. (5) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Federally funded research and development center may have with respect to rotating members of the Senior Executive Service of the Department in science and technology fields. 
SA 2816. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 893 and insert the following: 
SEC. 893. PERMANENT SBIR AND STTR AUTHOR-ITY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE AND PILOT PROGRAM EXTEN-SION. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘shall not’’ and all that follows through ‘‘make available’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not make available’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—A Federal agency may use up to 3 percent of its SBIR budget established pursuant to paragraph (1) for the purpose of funding administrative costs of the program.’’; (2) in subsection (m), by inserting ‘‘, except with respect to the Department of Defense’’ after ‘‘September 30, 2022’’; (3) in subsection (n)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to the Department of Defense, any fiscal year)’’ after ‘‘2022’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to the Department of Defense, for any fiscal year)’’ after ‘‘for that fiscal year’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘shall not’’ and all that follows through ‘‘make available’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not make available’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.009 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3847 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(4) A DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—A Federal agency may use up to 3 percent of its SBIR budget established pursuant to paragraph (1) for the purpose of funding administrative costs of the program.’’; and (4) in subsection (cc), by striking ‘‘During fiscal years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘may each provide’’ and inserting ‘‘During fiscal years 2018 through 2022, each Federal agency participating in the SBIR program may provide’’. 
SA 2817. Mr. HEINRICH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle F of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 564. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate finds the fol-lowing: (1) The program of Federal impact aid was created by Congress in 1950 to provide local educational agencies with direct and flexible funding meant to replace property tax rev-enue lost due to the presence of tax-exempt Federal property, and since that time, im-pact aid funding has given local public schools the ability to provide quality public education to military connected students. (2) More than 1,200 local educational agen-cies receive funding through the impact aid program under title VII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘‘impact aid’’). (3) Impact aid funding is used as a tax re-placement program that supports all stu-dents in the school district due to the pres-ence of Federal tax-exempt land, such as military installations, Native American res-ervations, or national parks. (4) Congress designed impact aid funds to be intentionally flexible, and local edu-cational agencies can use these funds to pur-chase classroom equipment, fund after- school programs and advanced placement classes, and provide additional resources for special education. (5) Turning impact aid into a voucher pro-gram would take away critical funding from public local educational agencies serving the majority of military connected students. (6) Using the impact aid program as a fund-ing source to support misguided school pri-vatization policies will do nothing to in-crease the education quality for the vast ma-jority of students at schools that receive funding under the impact aid program (re-ferred to in this section as ‘‘federally im-pacted schools’’). (7) Reducing impact aid funding for public schools places a great financial burden on the local community of federally impacted schools, and this is particularly unfair to these communities, as residents in many fed-erally impacted school districts pay higher- than-average taxes because of the lack of taxable property or taxpayers in their com-munities. (8) School vouchers undermine public school systems, lack accountability, and fail to ensure that the civil rights of students are fully protected. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) because a majority of military con-nected students attend public schools, Con-gress should reaffirm its commitment to pro-viding all military connected students with high-quality local public education; (2) Congress should reaffirm its commit-ment to maintaining the structure of the Federal impact aid program under title VII of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act; and (3) Congress should reaffirm that the im-pact aid funding authorized under section 561 and section 562 is critical to ensuring public local educational agencies, whose tax base has been impacted by the Federal Govern-ment and who educate concentrations of military connected students, have adequate resources to educate federally connected stu-dents. SA 2818. Mr. TESTER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. IMPROVEMENT OF AUTHORITY ON LAN-GUAGE TRAINING CENTERS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 529 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 2001 note prec.) is amended by striking ‘‘may carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘shall carry out’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such sec-tion is further amended by striking ‘‘author-ized by subsection (a)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘required by subsection (a)’’. (b) F
UNDING .—From amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Defense Language and National Security Education Office, amounts shall be available to support Language Training Centers. 
SA 2819. Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. M ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. PUBLICATION OF TOXICOLOGICAL PROFILE FOR CERTAIN PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than seven days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall publish in the Federal Register and on an Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services the results of the toxicological profile prepared by the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry of the Department pursuant to sec-tion 104(i)(2) of the Comprehensive Environ-mental Response, Compensation, and Liabil-ity Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9604(i)(2)) regarding the health effects of exposure to the fol-lowing per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances: (1) Perfluorooctanoic acid. (2) Perfluorooctane sulfonic acid. (3) Perfluorononanoic acid. (4) Perfluorohexane sulfonic acid. (b) REPORT .—Not later than seven days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report identifying any changes made after January 30, 2018, to the toxicology profiles of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances specified in sub-section (a). 
SA 2820. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 3117(a)(2), strike subparagraph (B). 
SA 2821. Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. PORT AND INTERMODAL IMPROVE-MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ORT AND INTERMODAL IMPROVEMENT  P
ROGRAM .—Section 50302 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking sub-section (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) P
ORT AND INTERMODAL IMPROVEMENT  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Subject to the availability of appropriations and the provi-sions of this subsection, the Secretary of Transportation shall make grants, on a com-petitive basis, under this subsection to eligi-ble applicants to assist in funding eligible projects for the purpose of improving the safety, efficiency, or reliability of the move-ment of goods through ports and intermodal connections to ports. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—The Secretary may make a grant under this subsection to the following: ‘‘(A) A State. ‘‘(B) A political subdivision of a State or local government. ‘‘(C) A public agency or publicly chartered authority established by 1 or more States. ‘‘(D) A special purpose district with a transportation function. ‘‘(E) A multistate or multijurisdictional group of entities described in this sub-section. ‘‘(F) A lead entity described in subpara-graph (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) jointly with a private entity or group of private entities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.010 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3848 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(3) E LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—The Secretary may make a grant under this subsection— ‘‘(A) for a project that— ‘‘(i) is either— ‘‘(I) within the boundary of a port; or ‘‘(II) outside the boundary of a port, but is directly related to port operations or to an intermodal connection to a port; and ‘‘(ii) will be used to improve the safety, ef-ficiency, or reliability of— ‘‘(I) the loading and unloading of goods at the port, such as for marine terminal equip-ment; ‘‘(II) the movement of goods into, out of, around, or within a port, such as for highway or rail infrastructure, intermodal facilities, freight intelligent transportation systems, and digital infrastructure systems; or ‘‘(III) the movement of vessels in and out of the port facility by dredging a vessel berthing area that is not part of a Federal channel or an access channel associated with a Federal channel; or ‘‘(B) to provide financial assistance to 1 or more projects under subparagraph (A) for de-velopment phase activities, including plan-ning, feasibility analysis, revenue fore-casting, environmental review, permitting, and preliminary engineering and design work. ‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITED USES .—A grant award under this subsection may not be used— ‘‘(A) to finance or refinance the construc-tion, reconstruction, reconditioning, or pur-chase of a vessel that is eligible for such as-sistance under chapter 537, unless the Sec-retary determines such vessel— ‘‘(i) is necessary for a project described in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)(III) of this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) is not receiving assistance under chapter 537; or ‘‘(B) for any project within a small ship-yard (as defined in section 54101). ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATIONS AND PROCESS .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), to be eligible for a grant under this subsection, an eligible applicant shall submit to the Sec-retary an application in such form, at such time, and containing such information as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(ii) I
NCLUSIONS .—An application under this subparagraph shall include— ‘‘(I) applicant contact information; ‘‘(II) project location; ‘‘(III) project description; and ‘‘(IV) such other information as is nec-essary to select a project in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(B) S
OLICITATION PROCESS .—Not later than 30 days after the date that amounts are made available for grants under this subsection for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall solicit grant applications for eligible projects in ac-cordance with this subsection. ‘‘(6) P
ROJECT SELECTION CRITERIA .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may se-lect a project described in paragraph (3) for funding under this subsection if the Sec-retary determines that— ‘‘(i) the project improves the safety, effi-ciency, or reliability of the movement of goods through a port or intermodal connec-tion to a port; ‘‘(ii) the project is cost-effective; ‘‘(iii) the eligible applicant has authority to carry out the project; ‘‘(iv) the eligible applicant has sufficient funding available to meet the matching re-quirements under paragraph (8); and ‘‘(v) the project will be completed without unreasonable delay. ‘‘(B) P
REFERENCE .—In selecting projects described in paragraph (3) for funding under this subsection, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) give preference to projects for which the Federal share under paragraph (8)(B) does not exceed 50 percent; and ‘‘(ii) after factoring in preference to projects under clause (i), select projects that will maximize the net benefits of the funds awarded under this subsection, considering the cost-benefit analysis of the project, as applicable, including anticipated private and public benefits relative to the costs of the project. ‘‘(C) SMALL PROJECTS .—The Secretary may waive the cost-benefit analysis under sub-paragraph (A)(ii), and establish a simplified, alternative basis for determining whether a project is cost-effective, for a small project described in paragraph (7)(B). ‘‘(7) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—Not more than 25 percent of the amounts made avail-able for grants under this subsection for a fiscal year may be used to make grants for projects in any 1 State. ‘‘(B) S
MALL PROJECTS .—The Secretary shall reserve 25 percent of the amounts made available for grants under this subsection each fiscal year to make grants for eligible projects described in paragraph (3)(A) that request the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 10 percent of the amounts made avail-able for grants under this subsection for a fiscal year; or ‘‘(ii) $1,000,000. ‘‘(C) D
REDGING PROJECTS .—Not more than 25 percent of the amounts made available for grants under this subsection for a fiscal year may be used to make grants for projects de-scribed in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)(III). ‘‘(D) D
EVELOPMENT PHASE ACTIVITIES .—Not more than 10 percent of the amounts made available for grants under this subsection for a fiscal year may be used to make grants for development phase activities under para-graph (3)(B). ‘‘(8) F
EDERAL SHARE OF TOTAL PROJECT  
COSTS .— ‘‘(A) T
OTAL PROJECT COSTS .—The Secretary shall estimate the total costs of a project under this subsection based on the best available information, including any avail-able engineering studies, studies of economic feasibility, environmental analyses, and in-formation on the expected use of equipment or facilities. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clauses (ii) and (iii), the Federal share of the total costs of a project under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. ‘‘(ii) D
REDGING PROJECTS .—The Federal share of the total costs of a project described in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)(III) shall not exceed 50 percent. ‘‘(iii) R
URAL AREAS .—The Secretary may increase the Federal share of costs above 80 percent for a project located in a rural area. ‘‘(9) TIFIA 
PROGRAM .—At the request of an eligible applicant under this subsection, the Secretary may use amounts available under this subsection to pay the subsidy and ad-ministrative costs of a project eligible for Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 of title 23 if the Secretary finds that such use of funds would advance the purpose of this subsection. ‘‘(10) P
ROCEDURAL SAFEGUARDS .—The Sec- retary shall issue guidelines to establish ap-propriate accounting, reporting, and review procedures to ensure that— ‘‘(A) grant funds are used for the purposes for which they were made available; ‘‘(B) each grantee properly accounts for all expenditures of grant funds; and ‘‘(C) grant funds not used for such purposes and amounts not obligated or expended are returned. ‘‘(11) GRANT CONDITIONS .—The Secretary shall require as a condition of making a grant under this subsection that a grantee— ‘‘(A) maintain such records as the Sec-retary considers necessary; ‘‘(B) make the records described in sub-paragraph (A) available for review and audit by the Secretary; and ‘‘(C) periodically report to the Secretary such information as the Secretary considers necessary to assess progress. ‘‘(12) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL .— ‘‘(A) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Before making a grant for a project under this sub-section, the Secretary shall, not later than 150 days after the date that amounts are made available for grants under this sub-section for a fiscal year, submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) a list of each eligible project selected by the Secretary under this subsection for a grant that fiscal year, including the rec-ommended funding level for each such project; and ‘‘(ii) an evaluation and justification for each such project. ‘‘(B) C
OMMITTEE REVIEW .—Not later than 60 days after the date the report is submitted under subparagraph (A), the appropriate committees of Congress shall— ‘‘(i) for each eligible project described in clause (i) of that subparagraph, approve or disapprove of the recommended funding level for the project; and ‘‘(ii) report an original joint resolution ap-proving or disapproving each eligible project described in clause (i) of that subparagraph. ‘‘(C) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary may not make a grant or any other obligation or commitment to fund a project under this subsection unless— ‘‘(i) the project is included on the list under subparagraph (A)(i); and ‘‘(ii)(I) not later than 90 days after the date the report is submitted under subparagraph (A), a joint resolution described in subpara-graph (B) is enacted that approves the rec-ommended funding level for the project; or ‘‘(II) a joint resolution described in sub-paragraph (B) is not enacted before the dead-line under subclause (I). ‘‘(D) T
IMING .—Not later than 30 days after the date of— ‘‘(i) enactment of a joint resolution under subparagraph (C)(ii)(I), the Secretary may make a grant to each approved project as provided in the joint resolution; or ‘‘(ii) the deadline under subparagraph (C)(ii)(I), if a joint resolution is not enacted before such deadline, the Secretary may make a grant to a project on the list under subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(E) D
ISAPPROVED GRANT AWARD .—If an eli- gible project described in subparagraph (A)(i) is disapproved under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) the recommended funding shall remain available to the Secretary for use for grants under this subsection in a subsequent fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary may not make a grant to that project in the subsequent 4 fiscal years unless the application for the project is substantially modified. ‘‘(13) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to affect existing authorities to conduct port infrastructure programs in— ‘‘(A) Hawaii, as authorized by section 9008 of the SAFETEA-LU Act (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1926); ‘‘(B) Alaska, as authorized by section 10205 of the SAFETEA-LU Act (Public Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1934); or ‘‘(C) Guam, as authorized by section 3512 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (48 U.S.C. 1421r). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.031 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3849 June 12, 2018 
‘‘(14) R EPORTS .—The Secretary shall make available on the website of the Department of Transportation at the end of each fiscal year an annual report that lists each project for which a grant has been provided under this subsection during that fiscal year. ‘‘(15) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE AND OVERSIGHT  
COSTS .—The Secretary may retain not more than 1 percent of the amounts appropriated for each fiscal year under this subsection for the administrative and oversight costs in-curred by the Secretary to carry out this subsection. ‘‘(C) A
VAILABILITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts appropriated for carrying out this subsection shall remain available until expended. ‘‘(ii) U
NEXPENDED FUNDS .—Amounts award-ed as a grant under this subsection that are not expended by the grantee during the 4- year period following the date of the award shall remain available to the Secretary for use for grants under this subsection in a sub-sequent fiscal year. ‘‘(16) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. ‘‘(B) P
ORT.—The term ‘port’ includes— ‘‘(i) a sea port; and ‘‘(ii) an inland port. ‘‘(C) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ includes construction, reconstruction, rehabilitation, acquisition of property, including land re-lated to the project and improvements to the land, equipment acquisition, and operational improvements.’’. (b) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—A repeal made by subsection (a) of this section shall not affect amounts apportioned or allocated before the effective date of the repeal. Such appor-tioned or allocated funds shall continue to be subject to the requirements to which the funds were subject under section 50302(c) of title 46, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 2822. Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 128. 
SA 2823. Mr. SCOTT submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INCREASED FUNDING FOR AMPHIB-IOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE. 
(a) I NCREASED FUNDING .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Amphibious Assault Vehicle (PE 0206629M/ line 241), as specified in the funding table in section 4201 is hereby increased by $22,637,000. (b) O
FFSETS .— (1) T
ACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE .— The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and avail-able for research, development, test, and evaluation for Air Force System Develop-ment and Demonstration (PE 0604281F/line 75) for Tactical Data Networks Enterprise, as specified in the funding table in section 4201 is hereby decreased by $5,000,000. (2) E
VOLVED SBIRS .—The amount author-ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and available for research, devel-opment, test, and evaluation for Air Force System Development and Demonstration (PE 1206442F/line 129) for Evolved SBIRS, as specified in the funding table in section 4201 is hereby decreased by $5,000,000. (3) N
ATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—The amount authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation for Defense Wide Basic Re-search (PE 8888/line 300) for National Secu-rity Innovation Activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4201 is hereby de-creased by $10,000,000. (4) U
NDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RE -
SEARCH .—The amount authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation for Navy Basic Research (PE 0602747N/line 12) for National Security Innovation Activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4201 is hereby de-creased by $2,637,000. 
SA 2824. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ESTABLISH-MENT OF COMBINED MARITIME TASK FORCE PACIFIC. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall establish a task force, to be known as the Combined Maritime Task Force Pacific, to protect a free and open Indo-Pacific mari-time region; (2) in establishing the task force, the Presi-dent shall seek the participation of partner nations that are interested in goals of the task force; and (3) the United States Navy shall lead the task force. 
SA 2825. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: Subtitle G—Internet of Things Cybersecurity Improvement Act 
SEC. 1071. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Internet of Things (IoT) Cybersecurity Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1072. DEFINITIONS; RULE OF CONSTRUC-TION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this subtitle: (1) C
OVERED DEVICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘covered device’’— (i) means a physical object that— (I) is capable of connecting to and is in reg-ular connection with the Internet or internal networks of the Department that are con-nected to the Internet; and (II) has computer processing capabilities that can collect, send, or receive data; and (ii) does not include advanced or general- purpose computing devices, including per-sonal computing systems, smart mobile com-munications devices, programmable logic controls, mainframe computing systems, and motor vehicles. (B) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may mod-ify the definition of the term ‘‘covered de-vice’’ in order to expand or narrow the defi-nition. (ii) I
NTERESTED PARTIES .—The Secretary shall establish a process by which— (I) interested parties may petition the In-tegrating Official described in section 1625 for a device that is not described in subpara-graph (A)(ii) to be considered a device that is not a covered device; and (II) the Secretary, acting through the Inte-grating Official, acts upon any petition sub-mitted under subclause (I) in a timely man-ner. (2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Defense. (3) F
IRMWARE .—The term ‘‘firmware’’ means a computer program and the data stored in hardware, typically in read-only memory (ROM) or programmable read-only memory (PROM), such that the program and data cannot be dynamically written or modi-fied during execution of the program. (4) F
IXED OR HARD -CODED CREDENTIAL .—The term ‘‘fixed or hard-coded credential’’ means a value, such as a password, token, cryp-tographic key, or other data element used as part of an authentication mechanism for granting remote access to an information system or its information, that is— (A) established by a product vendor or service provider; (B) incapable of being modified or revoked by the user or manufacturer lawfully oper-ating the information system, except via a firmware update; and (C) not unique to each covered device. (5) H
ARDWARE .—The term ‘‘hardware’’ means the physical components of an infor-mation system. (6) I
OT.—The term ‘‘IoT’’ means the Inter-net of Things. (7) NIST.—The term ‘‘NIST’’ means the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology. (8) P
ROPERLY AUTHENTICATED UPDATE .—The term ‘‘properly authenticated update’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.031 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3850 June 12, 2018 
means an update, remediation, or technical fix to a hardware, firmware, or software component issued by a product vendor or service provider used to correct particular problems with the component, and that, in the case of software or firmware, contains some method of authenticity protection, such as a digital signature, so that unauthor-ized updates can be automatically detected and rejected. (9) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Defense. (10) S
ECURITY VULNERABILITY .—The term ‘‘security vulnerability’’ means any at-tribute of hardware, firmware, software, process, or procedure or combination of 2 or more of these factors that could enable or fa-cilitate the defeat or compromise of the con-fidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system or its information or physical devices to which it is connected. (11) S
OFTWARE .—The term ‘‘software’’ means a computer program and associated data that may be dynamically written or modified. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to expand the authority or jurisdiction of NIST. 
SEC. 1073. CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES WITH RESPECT TO COVERED DE-VICE CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) S TANDARD SECURITY CLAUSE REQUIRED  
INCOVERED DEVICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with NIST, shall issue guidelines for the Department to re-quire the inclusion of a standard security clause in any contract, except as provided in paragraph (2), paragraph (3), and subsection (b), for the acquisition of covered devices. (2) C
ONTENT OF STANDARD SECURITY  
CLAUSE .—The standard security clause re-quired under paragraph (1)— (A) shall establish baseline security re-quirements that address aspects of device se-curity, including— (i) the ability of software or firmware com-ponents to accept properly authenticated and trusted updates from the vendor; (ii) identity and access management, in-cluding prohibiting the use of fixed or hard- coded credentials used for remote adminis-tration, the delivery of updates, or commu-nication; (iii) participation in a Coordinated Vulner-ability Disclosure program in accordance with subsection (f); (iv) such other aspects as the Secretary de-termines to be appropriate; and (B) shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, reflect and align with voluntary con-sensus standards in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act; (C) shall require vendors to provide written attestation that the device meets such re-quirements as established under subpara-graph (A); (D) shall, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, ensure that the requirements de-scribed in subparagraph (A) are— (i) tailored to address the characteristics of different types of devices, including risk and intended function; (ii) based on technology-neutral, outcome- based security principles; (iii) developed through a transparent proc-ess that incorporates input from relevant stakeholders in industry and academia; and (iv) updated regularly based on develop-ments in technology and security meth-odologies; (E) shall identify responsibilities for ensur-ing that a covered device software or firmware component is updated or replaced, consistent with other provisions in the con-tract governing the term of support, in a manner that allows for any future security vulnerability or defect in any part of the software or firmware to be patched, based on risk, in order to fix or remove a vulner-ability or defect in the software or firmware component in a properly authenticated and secure manner; and (F) shall require the contractor to provide the Department with general information on the ability of the device to be updated, such as— (i) the manner in which the device receives security updates; (ii) the business terms, including any fees for ongoing security support, under which se-curity updates will be provided for a covered device; (iii) the anticipated timeline for ending se-curity support associated with the covered device; (iv) formal notification when security sup-port has ceased; and (v) other information as determined nec-essary by the Secretary. (3) WAIVER .—The Secretary may establish a process for the Department to waive the requirements described in paragraph (2)(A) when a component of the Department sub-mits a written application for a waiver, if the process— (A) provides for waivers to be granted only in limited circumstances, including— (i) if a vendor demonstrates that a device meets a desired level of security through means other than those required under para-graph (2)(A); or (ii) if the purchasing component of the De-partment reasonably believes that procure-ment of a covered device with limited data processing and software functionality would be unfeasible or economically impractical; and (B) provides that, if the Secretary approves a waiver, the head of the purchasing compo-nent of the Department shall provide the contractor a written statement that the De-partment accepts risks resulting from use of the device. (4) A
LIGNMENT WITH FISMA .—In issuing the guidelines required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that such guidelines are, to the greatest extent practicable, con-sistent with, not duplicative of, and in com-pliance with any applicable established in-formation security policies, procedures, standards, and compliance requirements under chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code. (b) A
LTERNATE CONDITIONS TO MITIGATE CY-
BERSECURITY RISKS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with NIST, shall establish a set of conditions that— (A) ensure that a covered device that does not comply with the standard security clause under subsection (a) can be used with a level of security that is equivalent to the level of security described in subsection (a)(2); and (B) shall be met in order for a Department to purchase a covered device described in subparagraph (A). (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In defining a set of conditions that must be met for non-compli-ant devices as required under paragraph (1), the Secretary, in consultation with NIST, may consider the use of conditions and infor-mation security products such as those de-scribed in the relation to the security inte-gration framework established in section 1631, including— (A) network segmentation or micro-seg-mentation; (B) the adoption of system level security controls, including operating system con-tainers and microservices; (C) multi-factor authentication; and (D) intelligent network solutions and edge systems, such as gateways, that can isolate, disable, or remediate connected devices. (3) SPECIFICATION OF ADDITIONAL PRE -
CAUTIONS .—To address the long-term risk of non-compliant covered devices acquired in accordance with an exception under this paragraph, the Secretary, in consultation with NIST and taking into consideration frameworks set forth by NIST, may stipulate additional requirements for management and use of non-compliant devices, including deadlines for the removal, replacement, or disabling of non-compliant devices (or their Internet-connectivity), as well as minimal requirements for gateway products to ensure the integrity and security of the non-compli-ant devices. (4) E
XISTING THIRD -PARTY SECURITY STAND -
ARD.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If an existing voluntary consensus standard for the security of cov-ered devices provides an equivalent or great-er level of security to that described in sub-section (a)(2)(A), the Secretary shall modify the required security clauses to reflect con-formity with that voluntary consensus standard. (B) W
RITTEN CERTIFICATION .—A contractor providing the covered device under this para-graph shall provide self-attested written cer-tification that the device complies with the security requirements of the industry certifi-cation method of the third party. (C) A
CCREDITATION STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary shall determine accreditation stand-ards for third-party certification of compli-ance with voluntary consensus standards de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (5) E
XISTING SECURITY EVALUATION STAND -
ARDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If a component of the De-partment employs or proposes to employ a security evaluation process or criteria for covered devices that the component believes provides an equivalent or greater level of se-curity to that described in subsection (a)(2)(A), the component may, upon the ap-proval of the Secretary, employ or adopt that process or criteria in lieu of the require-ments under subsection (a)(2)(A). (B) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary shall deter-mine whether the process or criteria de-scribed in subparagraph (A) provides appro-priate security and is aligned with the guide-lines issued under this subsection. (c) R
EQUIRED GUIDELINES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue guidelines for the Department to limit, to the maximum extent practicable, the use of lowest price technically acceptable source selection cri-teria in the case of a procurement that is predominately for the acquisition of a cov-ered device. (d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the effectiveness of the guide-lines required to be issued under subsections (a) and (c), which shall include any rec-ommendations for legislation necessary to improve cybersecurity in the acquisition of Internet-connected devices by the Depart-ment. (e) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—Beginning on the date that is 5 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary may waive, in whole or in part, the requirements of the guidelines issued under this section, for the Department. (f) G
UIDELINES REGARDING THE COORDI -
NATED DISCLOSURE OF SECURITY  V
ULNERABILITIES AND DEFECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.017 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3851 June 12, 2018 
the Secretary, in consultation with cyberse-curity researchers and private-sector indus-try experts, shall issue guidelines for the De-partment with respect to any covered device in use by the Department regarding cyberse-curity coordinated disclosure requirements that shall be required of contractors pro-viding such covered devices to the Depart-ment. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The guidelines required to be issued under paragraph (1) shall include policies and procedures for the processing and resolving of potential vulnerability in-formation relating to a covered device, which shall be, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, aligned with Standards 29147 and 30111 of the International Standards Organi-zation, or any successor standard, such as— (A) procedures for a contractor providing a covered device to the Department on how to— (i) receive information about potential vulnerabilities in the product or online serv-ice of the contractor; and (ii) disseminate resolution information about vulnerabilities in the product or on-line service of the contractor; and (B) guidance, including example content, on the information items that should be pro-duced through the implementation of the vulnerability disclosure process of the con-tractor. (3) R
EQUIREMENT .—Consistent with section 1626, the Secretary shall develop mechanisms to provide assistance to help small manufac-turers of covered devices set up coordinated vulnerability disclosure programs under this subsection, including assistance in estab-lishing processes for intake, handling, and remediation of security vulnerabilities. 
SEC. 1074. INVENTORY OF DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish and maintain an in-ventory of covered devices used by the De-partment procured under this subtitle. (b) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue guidelines for the Department to develop and manage the in-ventories required under subsection (a). (c) D
EVICE DATABASES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish and maintain a database of devices and the respective manu-facturers of such devices about which the Government has received formal notification of security support ceasing, as required under section 1073(a)(2)(F). (2) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall take actions to ensure that the database re-quired under paragraph (1) is consistent with section 1629 to increase visibility to endpoints, such as covered devices. (3) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall update the databases established under paragraph (1) not less frequently than once every 30 days. 
SA 2826. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 3116, add the following: SEC. 3117. AUTHORIZATION FOR DISPOSAL OF PROLIFERATION-ATTRACTIVE TRANSURANIC WASTE. 
Section 3132 of the Ronald W. Reagan Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2569), as amended by sec-tion 3116, is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(N) The disposal of proliferation-attrac-tive transuranic waste and related equip-ment received by the Secretary under the program at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, New Mexico, notwithstanding— ‘‘(i) the second sentence of section 213(a) of the Department of Energy National Security and Military Applications of Nuclear Energy Authorization Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–164; 93 Stat. 1265); or ‘‘(ii) section 2(19) of the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Land Withdrawal Act (Public Law 102–579; 106 Stat. 4779), as amended by section 3182 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (Public Law 104–201; 110 Stat. 2851).’’; and (2) in subsection (g), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) The term ‘transuranic waste’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Withdrawal Act (Public Law 102–579; 106 Stat. 4777), as amended by section 3182 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (Public Law 104–201; 110 Stat. 2851).’’. 
SA 2827. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 558. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO DISESTABLISH SENIOR RESERVE OF-FICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PRO-GRAMS. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Re-serve Officers’ Training Corps program in ac-cordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Sen-ior Reserve Officers Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’ and dated January 27, 2014, or any successor informa-tion paper or policy of the Department of the Army. 
SA 2828. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2823. MODIFICATION OF CONDITIONS ON LAND CONVEYANCE, JOLIET ARMY AMMUNITION PLANT, ILLINOIS. 
Section 2922(c) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (division B of Public Law 104–106; 110 Stat. 605), as amended by section 2842 of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2000 (division B of Public Law 106– 65; 113 Stat. 863) and section 2838 of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3710), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) The conveyance’’ and inserting ‘‘The conveyance’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). 
SA 2829. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. INTEGRITY IN BORDER IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Integrity in Border and Immi-gration Enforcement Act’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) CBP.—The term ‘‘CBP’’ means U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. (2) ICE.—The term ‘‘ICE’’ means U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement. (3) L
AW ENFORCEMENT POSITION .—The term ‘‘law enforcement position’’ means any CBP or ICE law enforcement position. (4) P
OLYGRAPH EXAMINATION .—The term ‘‘polygraph examination’’ means the Law Enforcement Pre-Employment Test certified by the National Center for Credibility As-sessment. (c) P
OLYGRAPH EXAMINATIONS FOR LAWEN-
FORCEMENT PERSONNEL .— (1) A
PPLICANTS .—Beginning not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity— (A) shall require that polygraph examina-tions are conducted on all applicants for law enforcement positions; and (B) may not hire any applicant for a law enforcement position who does not pass a polygraph examination. (2) T
ARGETED POLYGRAPH REINVESTIGA -
TIONS .—Beginning not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, as part of each background reinvestigation, shall ad-minister a polygraph examination to— (A) every CBP law enforcement employee who the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security determines is part of a population at risk of corruption or misconduct, based on an analysis of past in-cidents of misconduct and corruption; and (B) every ICE law enforcement employee who the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security determines is part of a population at risk of corruption or misconduct, based on an analysis of past in-cidents of misconduct and corruption. (3) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO DETERMINE  
TARGETED POLYGRAPH EXAMINATIONS .—The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security may— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.017 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3852 June 12, 2018 
(A) delegate the authority under paragraph (2)(A) to the CBP Office of Professional Re-sponsibility; and (B) delegate the authority under paragraph (2)(B) to the ICE Office of Professional Re-sponsibility. (4) R
ANDOM POLYGRAPH REINVESTIGA -
TIONS .—Beginning not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (A) randomly administer a polygraph ex-amination each year to at least 5 percent of CBP law enforcement employees who are un-dergoing background reinvestigations during that year and have not been selected for a targeted polygraph examination under para-graph (2)(A); and (B) randomly administer a polygraph ex-amination each year to at least 5 percent of ICE law enforcement employees who are un-dergoing background reinvestigations during that year and have not been selected for a targeted polygraph examination under para-graph (2)(B). 
SA 2830. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle I of title VIII, add the following: 
SEC. 896. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON SERVICE AC-QUISITION REFORM. 
It is the sense of Congress— (1) that failure to expeditiously implement the improvements required by section 2329 of title 10, United States Code, is an oppor-tunity cost to buying back the readiness and modernizing the Department of Defense’s ca-pabilities; (2) that the Department’s most recent con-tractor inventories submitted to Congress on February 25, 2018, included ‘‘approximately 25 percent, or just under $42 billion, of the department’s total $160 billion-plus spend for contracted services’’; (3) that full accountability for the approxi-mately $160,000,000,000 spent annually on con-tract services is required for good steward-ship on behalf of the taxpayer irrespective of whether these funds are expended through prime or subcontract arrangements and irre-spective of the method of procurement used, whether as a commercial item or service or any other means; (4) to support full implementation of Fu-ture Year Defense Program detail visibility of spending on contract services to accom-pany the budget exhibit required by section 2329 of title 10, United States Code; and (5) to support Department of Defense ef-forts to coordinate consistent and broad defi-nitions of services contracts to ensure full accountability for every dollar obligated and expended with the full expectation that any future clarifications of services contract definitions will not reduce the scope of cov-erage of the $160,000,000,000 currently spent on contract services. 
SA 2831. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON RE-SEARCH REGARDING BLAST EXPO-SURE ON THE CELLULAR LEVEL OF THE BRAIN. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) further research is necessary regarding blast exposure on the cellular level of the brain; (2) such research is needed to develop blast protection requirements for helmets and other personal protective equipment; and (3) the Office of Naval Research should in-crease ongoing efforts, to the maximum ex-tent possible, to develop a predictive trau-matic brain injury model for blast, in order to better understand the cellular response to blast impulses and the interaction of the human brain and protective equipment re-lated to blast exposure. 
SA 2832. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. REPORT ON CHEMICAL WARFARE AGENT DECONTAMINATION KIT PRO-DUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to Congress a report examining the produc-tion of chemical warfare agent decontamina-tion kits and the status of the organic and commercial production bases. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) Current and forecasted production re-quirements for M100 and M295 decontamina-tion kits. (2) Estimated surge production capacity re-quirements based upon existing inventory, war reserve materiel, and Defense Planning Guidance. (3) Cost assessment and production base impacts of production solely in organic pro-duction base, solely in commercial produc-tion base, and a mix of organic and commer-cial production. (4) Recommended actions to address areas deemed deficient or vulnerable, and a plan to formalize long-term resourcing. (5) Any other matters determined relevant by the Secretary. 
SA 2833. Mr. YOUNG submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE COM-PONENT EQUIPMENT REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 10541(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) An assessment by the Secretary of the Army, in coordination with the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, on the efforts of the Army to address any inventory or readi-ness shortfalls in the Army Reserve and the Army National Guard with respect to high priority items of equipment, including— ‘‘(A) AH–64 Attack Helicopters; ‘‘(B) UH–60 Black Hawk Utility Heli-copters; ‘‘(C) Abrams Main Battle Tanks; ‘‘(D) Bradley Infantry Fighting Vehicles; ‘‘(E) Stryker Combat Vehicles; and ‘‘(F) any other items of equipment as agreed to by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau and the Chief of Staff of the Army.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to reports required to be submitted under section 10541 of title 10, United States Code, after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2834. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 891, add the fol-lowing: (f) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on any continued use of covered telecommunications equipment or services within the Department of Defense that are used as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as a critical technology as part of any system. The report shall also include the number of instances in which, pursuant to this section, the Sec-retary terminates any use of or contract for covered telecommunications equipment or services within the Department of Defense that are used as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as a critical technology as part of any system. (2) F
ORM.—The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classi-fied annex. 
SA 2835. Mr. MORAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.021 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3853 June 12, 2018 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. REPORT ON MODERNIZATION OF LIGHT INFANTRY COMBAT FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall, in consultation with the Commandant of the Marine Corps, submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the strategy of the Department of Defense for modernizing and upgrading weapon systems, armor, and equipment for light infantry combat forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include a description of the following in connection with the strategy de-scribed in that subsection: (1) Investments to upgrade weapon systems designed to support light infantry combat units, including to reduce the weight of weapons, munitions, and ammunition carried by such forces. (2) Initiatives to upgrade or improve equip-ment and armor technology for soldier sys-tems, including to improve mobile power generation technologies. (3) Initiatives to upgrade ground vehicle platforms designed to transport light infan-try combat forces. (c) S
TRATEGIC PLANNING .—The report under subsection (a) shall include strategic plan-ning to do the following: (1) Improve the lethality of light infantry combat units at the small unit level, focused on the current and potential threat environ-ments as determined the Secretary. (2) Invest in research, development, and prototyping of technologies designed to re-duce the amount of time close combat infan-try forces spend on non-combat related tasks while in a combat zone, including invest-ments in technologies that aid units in re-ducing the time and personnel required to construct defensive positions. (d) U
NCLASSIFIED FORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form. 
SA 2836. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. B
OOZMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. lll. DISAPPROVAL FOR PURPOSES OF EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE PRO-GRAMS OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS OF CERTAIN COURSES OF EDUCATION THAT DO NOT PERMIT INDIVIDUALS TO AT-TEND OR PARTICIPATE IN COURSES PENDING PAYMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3679 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e)(1) Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this chapter, beginning on August 1, 2018, a State approving agency, or the Sec-retary when acting in the role of the State approving agency, shall disapprove a course of education provided by an educational in-stitution that has in effect a policy that is inconsistent with any of the following: ‘‘(A) A policy that permits any covered in-dividual to attend or participate in the course of education during the period begin-ning on the date on which the individual pro-vides to the educational institution a certifi-cate of eligibility for entitlement to edu-cational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title and ending on the earlier of the fol-lowing dates: ‘‘(i) The date on which the Secretary pro-vides payment for such course of education to such institution. ‘‘(ii) The date that is 90 days after the date on which the educational institution cer-tifies for tuition and fees following receipt from the student such certificate of eligi-bility. ‘‘(B) A policy that ensures that the edu-cational institution will not impose any pen-alty, including the assessment of late fees, the denial of access to classes, libraries, or other institutional facilities, or the require-ment that a covered individual borrow addi-tional funds, on any covered individual be-cause of the individual’s inability to meet his or her financial obligations to the insti-tution due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of this title. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this subsection, a cov-ered individual is any individual who is enti-tled to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of this title. ‘‘(3) The Secretary may waive such re-quirements of paragraph (1) as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. (b) PROMPT PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that the Secretary makes a payment to an educational institu-tion on behalf of an individual, who is enti-tled to educational assistance under chapter 31 or 33 of title 38, United States Code, and who is using such assistance to pursue a pro-gram of education at the educational institu-tion, not later than 60 days after the date on which the educational institution certifies to the Secretary the applicable tuition and fees for the individual. (2) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than May 1 and October 1 of each year, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a semiannual report sum-marizing any cases in which the Secretary failed to make a payment described in para-graph (1) within the period set forth in such paragraph and an explanation for each de-layed disbursement of payment. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—In a case in which an individual is unable to meet his or her financial obligation to an educational in-stitution due to the delayed disbursement of a payment to be provided by the Secretary under chapter 31 or 33 of such title and the amount of such disbursement is less than an-ticipated, nothing in section 3679(e) of such title, as added by subsection (a), shall be construed to prohibit an educational institu-tion from requiring additional payment or imposing a fee for the amount that is the dif-ference between the amount of the financial obligation and the amount of the disburse-ment. 
SA 2837. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. AUTHORITY OF PROBATION OFFICERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ and return of a probationer’’ and by inserting ‘‘author- ity of probation officers’’; (2) by striking ‘‘If there’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) If there’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A probation officer, while in the per-formance of his or her official duties, may arrest a person without a warrant if there is probable cause to believe that the person has forcibly assaulted, resisted, opposed, im-peded, intimidated, or interfered with the probation officer, or a fellow probation offi-cer, in violation of section 111. The arrest au-thority described in this subsection shall be exercised under such rules and regulations as the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall prescribe.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for subchapter A of chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 3606 and in-serting the following: ‘‘3606. Arrest authority of probation offi-cers.’’. 
SA 2838. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. ELECTION OF SUPERSEDING BENE-FICIARY IN THE SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN IN THE EVENT OF THE DEATH OF A DEPENDENT CHILD BENE-FICIARY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1448(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) E
LECTION OF NEW BENEFICIARY UPON  
DEATH OF DEPENDENT CHILD BENEFICIARY .—If a dependent child who is a beneficiary under the Plan dies, the participant in the Plan may elect a new beneficiary. The new bene-ficiary so elected shall be a natural person with an insurable interest in that partici-pant who is not otherwise ineligible to be elected as a beneficiary under any other pro-vision of this section at the time of election. The election shall be made, if at all, not later than 180 days after the date of death of the dependent child.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to participants in the Survivor Benefit Plan for deaths of dependent child beneficiaries in the Plan that occur on or after that date. (2) D
EATHS OF CHILDREN BEFORE ENACT -
MENT .—A participant in the Survivor Benefit Plan may make an election under paragraph (8) of section 1448(b) of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), in connec-tion with the death of a dependent child ben-eficiary that occurred before the date of the enactment of this Act, but only if the date of death occurred on or after October 1, 2013. Any such election shall be made, if at all, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.018 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3854 June 12, 2018 
SA 2839. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 622. ELECTION OF SUPERSEDING BENE-FICIARY IN THE SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN IN THE EVENT OF THE DEATH OF A DEPENDENT CHILD BENE-FICIARY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1448(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) E
LECTION OF NEW BENEFICIARY UPON  
DEATH OF DEPENDENT CHILD BENEFICIARY .—If a dependent child who is a beneficiary under the Plan dies, the participant in the Plan may elect a new beneficiary. The new bene-ficiary so elected shall be a natural person with an insurable interest in that partici-pant who is not otherwise ineligible to be elected as a beneficiary under any other pro-vision of this section at the time of election. The election shall be made, if at all, not later than 180 days after the date of death of the dependent child.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to participants in the Survivor Benefit Plan for deaths of dependent child beneficiaries in the Plan that occur on or after that date. (2) D
EATHS OF CHILDREN BEFORE ENACT -
MENT .—A participant in the Survivor Benefit Plan may make an election under paragraph (8) of section 1448(b) of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), in connec-tion with the death of a dependent child ben-eficiary that occurred before the date of the enactment of this Act, but only if the date of death occurred on or after October 1, 2006. Any such election shall be made, if at all, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2840. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. REPORT ON CHEMICAL WARFARE AGENT DECONTAMINATION KIT PRO-DUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to Congress a report examining the produc-tion of chemical warfare agent decontamina-tion kits and the status of the organic and commercial production bases. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) Current and forecasted production re-quirements for M100 and M295 decontamina-tion kits. (2) Estimated surge production capacity re-quirements based upon existing inventory, war reserve materiel, and Defense Planning Guidance. (3) Cost assessment and production base impacts of production solely in organic pro-duction base, solely in commercial produc-tion base, and a mix of organic and commer-cial production. (4) Recommended actions to address areas deemed deficient or vulnerable, and a plan to formalize long-term resourcing. (5) Any other matters determined relevant by the Secretary. SA 2841. Mr. SCOTT submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the following: 
SEC. lll. INCREASED FUNDING FOR AMPHIB-IOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE. 
(a) I NCREASED FUNDING .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Amphibious Assault Vehicle (PE 0206629M/ line 241), as specified in the funding table in section 4201, is hereby increased by $22,637,000. (b) O
FFSETS .— (1) T
ACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE .— The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and avail-able for research, development, test, and evaluation for Air Force System Develop-ment and Demonstration (PE 0604281F/line 75) for Tactical Data Networks Enterprise, as specified in the funding table in section 4201, is hereby decreased by $5,000,000. (2) D
EFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2019 by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation for Navy basic Research (PE 0601153N/line 003) for Defense Research Sciences, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4201— (A) for basic research program increase, is hereby decreased by $2,500,000; and (B) for quantum information sciences, is hereby decreased by $2,500,000. (3) N
ATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—The amount authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation for Defense Wide Basic Re-search (PE 8888/line 300) for National Secu-rity Innovation Activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4201, is hereby de-creased by $10,000,000. (4) U
NDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RE -
SEARCH .—The amount authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and available for research, development, test, and evaluation for Navy Basic Research (PE 0602747N/line 12) for National Security Innovation Activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4201, is hereby de-creased by $2,637,000. 
SA 2842. Mr. REED (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2366 proposed by Mr. LEE(for himself, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. C
RUZ) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-serted, insert the following: (c) A
UTHORIZATION BY CONGRESS .—Section 4209(a)(1) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; and ‘‘(B) may carry out such activities only if amounts are authorized to be appropriated for such activities by an Act of Congress con-sistent with section 660 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7270).’’. 
SA 2843. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Ms. W
ARREN , and Mr. D AINES ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 521 and insert the following: 
SEC. 521. AUTHORITY TO ADJUST EFFECTIVE DATE OF PROMOTION IN THE EVENT OF DELAY IN EXTENDING FEDERAL RECOGNITION OF PROMOTION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOADJUST .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 14308(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The effective date of promotion’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If the Secretary concerned determines that there was a delay in extending Federal recognition in the next higher grade in the Army National Guard or the Air National Guard to a reserve commissioned officer of the Army or the Air Force, and the delay was not attributable to the action (or inac-tion) of such officer, the effective date of the promotion concerned under paragraph (1) may be adjusted to a date determined by the Secretary concerned, but not earlier than the effective date of the State promotion.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) R
EPORTS ON PROCESSES FOR FEDERAL  R
ECOGNITION OF PROMOTION OF COMMISSIONED  N
ATIONAL GUARD OFFICERS .— (1) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force shall each undertake a comprehensive review of the policies and procedures of the Department of the Army and the Department of the Air Force, as applicable, for the Federal recogni-tion promotions of commissioned officers of the Army National Guard and the Air Na-tional Guard, as the case may be. (2) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Sec-retary of the Air Force shall each submit to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:51 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.033 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3855 June 12, 2018 
the congressional defense committees a re-port, in writing, setting forth the results of the review required by paragraph (1). Each report shall include the following: (A) A description of the average time be-tween receipt by the military department concerned of scrolls indicating the pro-motion of commissioned officers in the Na-tional Guard and their publication during the five-year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) A description and assessment of var-ious approaches for streamlining the process by which the military department concerned approves Federal recognition scrolls, includ-ing through— (i) additional automation; (ii) reduction in required steps; or (iii) delegation of authority to conduct re-quired reviews. (C) If the Secretary concerned considers any approach under subparagraph (B) fea-sible and advisable, such recommendations for legislative or administration action as such Secretary considers appropriate to im-plement such approach. (3) S
CROLL DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘scroll’’ has the meaning given that term in Department of Defense Instruc-tion 1310.02. 
SA 2844. Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 32, line 11, strike ‘‘30 days’’ and in-sert ‘‘90 days’’. On page 33, lines 3 and 4, strike ‘‘to the maximum extent practicable’’. 
SA 2845. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. 609. BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING AND CERTAIN FEDERAL BENEFITS. 
(a) E XCLUSION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR  H
OUSING .—Section 403(k) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) In determining eligibility to partici-pate in any Federal program issuing benefits for nutrition assistance (including the Fam-ily Subsistence Supplemental Allowance pro-gram under section 402a of this title), the value of a housing allowance under this sec-tion shall be excluded from any calculation of income, assets, or resources.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 5(d) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2014(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (19)(B), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(20) any allowance under section 403 of title 37, United States Code.’’. SA 2846. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-self, Mr. J
OHNSON , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. S COTT) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. MEMBERSHIP ELIGIBILITY OF CER-TAIN CAPTIVE INSURANCE COMPA-NIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1422 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) in section 4 (12 U.S.C. 1424), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) M
EMBERSHIP ELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN  C
APTIVE INSURANCE COMPANIES .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the terms ‘affiliate’, ‘long-term’, and ‘residential mortgage loan’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 1263.1 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of this sub-section; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘covered captive insurance company’ means a captive insurance com-pany— ‘‘(i) the primary insurance business of which is, or was on January 19, 2016, the in-surance of an affiliate; ‘‘(ii) that was admitted to membership of a Federal Home Loan Bank before January 19, 2016; and ‘‘(iii) that, due solely to the change in the treatment of captive insurance companies in the final rule of the Agency entitled ‘Mem-bers of Federal Home Loan Banks’ (81 Fed. Reg. 3246 (January 20, 2016))— ‘‘(I) was required to terminate membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank; or ‘‘(II) will have membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank terminated. ‘‘(2) C
ONTINUATION OR RESTORATION OF MEM -
BERSHIP .—A covered captive insurance com-pany may continue membership or have membership restored in the same Federal Home Loan Bank described in paragraph (1)(B)(ii) if— ‘‘(A) the Federal Home Loan Bank deter-mines, including based on information sub-mitted by the covered captive insurance company, that— ‘‘(i) the affiliate insured by the covered captive insurance company makes, owns, or acquires long-term residential mortgage loans; and ‘‘(ii) the covered captive insurance com-pany will comply with the membership eligi-bility requirements described in subsections (a), (b), and (c) of section 1263.6 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, upon restoring membership; and ‘‘(B) the covered captive insurance com-pany continues to be owned, or upon restora-tion of membership is owned and continues to be owned, including direct ownership by a controlling entity or indirect ownership through one or more holding companies, by the same entity that owned the covered cap-tive insurance company on the date of enact-ment of this subsection. ‘‘(3) BENEFITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A covered captive insur-ance company for which membership in a Federal Home Loan Bank is continued or re-stored under paragraph (2) shall have the same benefits of membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank as the covered captive in-surance company had before January 19, 2016. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION OF REGULATION .—Section 1263.6(e) of title 12, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor thereto, shall not apply to a covered captive insurance com-pany for which membership in a Federal Home Loan Bank is continued or restored under paragraph (2). ‘‘(C) C
APTIVES TREATED AS INSURANCE COM -
PANIES .—Except as otherwise specifically provided for in this Act, for purposes of this Act and any regulations promulgated under this Act, a covered captive insurance com-pany shall be treated as an insurance com-pany. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON ADVANCES .—With re- spect to a covered captive insurance com-pany for which membership in a Federal Home Loan Bank is continued or restored under paragraph (2) and that is not an affil-iate of a depository financial institution, the Federal Home Loan Bank may not make any advances to the covered captive insurance company in an amount that, in the aggre-gate, is greater than 50 percent of the total assets of the covered captive insurance com-pany unless the Federal Home Loan Bank has received from the affiliate of the covered captive insurance company or the control-ling entity described in paragraph (2)(B) a guarantee of payment for any outstanding advances, which shall be in addition to any collateral otherwise required to secure the advances.’’; and (2) in section 6(g) (12 U.S.C. 1426(g))— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN CAPTIVE INSUR -
ANCE COMPANIES .—A covered captive insur-ance company (as defined in section 4(d)(1)) for which membership in a Federal Home Loan Bank is restored under section 4(d)(2)— ‘‘(A) shall not be subject to the 5-year pe-riod described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) may acquire shares of the Federal Home Loan Bank beginning after the mem-bership is restored.’’. 
SA 2847. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 2838. CONSOLIDATION OF JOINT SPECTRUM CENTER TO FORT MEADE, MARY-LAND. 
(a) M OVEMENT OR CONSOLIDATION OF JOINT S
PECTRUM CENTER TO FORT MEADE , M ARY-
LAND .—Except as provided under subsection (b), not later than September 30, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions to move, consolidate, or both, the of-fices of the Joint Spectrum Center to Fort 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.034 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3856 June 12, 2018 
Meade, Maryland, for national security pur-poses to ensure the physical and cybersecu-rity protection of personnel and missions of the Department of Defense. (b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .—The Sec- retary of Defense may waive the requirement under subsection (a) upon certifying to the congressional defense committees in writing that such waiver is necessary for national se-curity reasons and that all force protection and cyber protection needs are being met without carrying out the actions otherwise required under such subsection. (c) A
UTHORIZATION .—Any facility, road, or infrastructure constructed or altered on a military installation as a result of this sec-tion is deemed to be authorized in accord-ance with section 2802 of title 10, United States Code. (d) T
ERMINATION OF EXISTING LEASE .—Upon completion of the relocation of the Joint Spectrum Center, all right, title, and inter-est of the United States in and to the exist-ing lease for the Joint Spectrum Center shall be terminated. (e) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 2887 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 569) is here-by repealed. 
SA 2848. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title XXXI, in-sert the following: 
SEC. llll. EXTENDING THE AUTHORIZATION OF THE EEOICPA OMBUDSMAN. 
Section 3686 of the Energy Employees Oc-cupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 7385s–15(h)) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘October 28, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘October 28, 2024’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be nec-essary to carry out this section. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS DISCRETIONARY SPEND -
ING.—Amounts appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(A) shall not be appropriated to the ac-count established under subsection (a) of sec-tion 151 of title I of division B of Appendix D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2001 (Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A–251); and ‘‘(B) shall not be subject to subsection (b) of that section.’’. 
SA 2849. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title XXVIII, add the fol-lowing: Subtitle E—Real Property and Facilities Administration SEC. 2851. AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO 20-YEAR INTERGOVERNMENTAL SUPPORT AGREEMENTS FOR INSTALLATION- SUPPORT SERVICES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (A) of paragraph (2) of section 2679(a) of title 10, United States Code, in addition to the agreements described in such subpara-graph and subject to subsection (b), during fiscal year 2019 each Secretary concerned may enter into a single intergovernmental support agreement under such section for a term not to exceed 20 years. (b) L
IMIT ON COST.—The cost of any agree-ment entered into under the authority of this section may not exceed $750,000 during any year. 
SA 2850. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. AUTHORITY FOR THE POSTAL SERVICE TO OFFER CERTAIN FINANCIAL SERVICES AT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 404 of title 39, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (8), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) to provide basic financial services at postal facilities located at installations and other facilities of the Department of De-fense, including— ‘‘(A) low-cost, small-dollar loans, not to exceed $500 at a time, or $1,000 from 1 year of the issuance of the initial loan, as adjusted annually by the Postmaster General to re-flect any change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers of the De-partment of Labor; ‘‘(B) alone, or in partnership with deposi-tory institutions, as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813), and Federal credit unions, as defined in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752), small checking accounts and interest-bearing savings accounts, not to ex-ceed the greater of— ‘‘(i) $20,000 per account; and ‘‘(ii) 25 percent of the median account bal-ance reported in the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation’s quarterly Consolidated Reports of Condition and Income; ‘‘(C) transactional services, including debit cards, automated teller machines, online checking accounts, check-cashing services, automatic bill-pay, mobile banking, or other products that allows users to engage in the financial services described in this para-graph; ‘‘(D) remittance services, including the re-ceiving and sending of money to domestic or foreign recipients; and ‘‘(E) such other basic financial services as the Postal Service determines appropriate in the public interest; ‘‘(10) to set interest rates and fees for the financial instruments and products provided by the Postal Service under paragraph (9) that— ‘‘(A) ensures that the customer access to the products and the public interest is given significant consideration; ‘‘(B) ensures that interest rates on savings accounts are at least 100 percent of the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation’s weekly national rate on nonjumbo savings accounts; and ‘‘(C) ensures that the total interest rates on small-dollar loan amounts— ‘‘(i) are inclusive of interest, fees, charges, and ancillary products and services; and ‘‘(ii) do not exceed 101 percent of the Treas-ury 1 month constant maturity rate; and ‘‘(11) allow capitalization of an amount deemed necessary by the Postmaster General that serves the purpose of paragraphs (9) and (10), through an account separate from prod-ucts not included or allowed under those paragraphs, for the purposes of carrying out those paragraphs.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) Any net profits from services provided under subsection (a)(9) that are not greater than the amount of initial capitalization— ‘‘(1) shall be reported separately from mail service and delivery; ‘‘(2) in the case of any amount appro-priated, shall be returned to the general fund of the Treasury not later than 9 years after the date of enactment of this subsection; and ‘‘(3) may be repaid to the offering organiza-tion or organizations if the Postmaster Gen-eral determines that the services provided under that subsection are not reduced as a result.’’. (b) NOBANKCHARTER .—The United States Postal Service shall not— (1) be granted a bank charter; or (2) become an insured depository institu-tion, as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). (c) UCC.—The United States Postal Service shall be subject to the provisions of article 4 of the Uniform Commercial Code. (d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Postmaster Gen-eral, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection, and the Federal banking agencies, shall promulgate regulations car-rying out this section and the amendments made by this section. (e) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 404(e)(2) of title 39, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any financial service offered by the Postal Service under subsection (a)(9).’’. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The services offered by the United States Postal Service under section 404(a)(9) of title 39, United States Code, as amended by this section— (1) shall be considered permissible non- banking activities in accordance with sec-tion 225.28 of title 12, Code of Federal Regula-tions; and (2) shall not be considered the business of banking under the seventh paragraph of sec-tion 5136 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 24). 
SA 2851. Mr. PERDUE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.042 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3857 June 12, 2018 
Strike title LXVII. 
SA 2852. Mr. ROUNDS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM ON PROMOTING THE COMMERCIALIZATION OF DUAL- USE TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of promoting the commercialization of dual-use technology, with a focus on priority defense technology areas that attract funding from venture cap-ital firms in the United States. (b) L
OCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at one or more leading universities that have expertise in— (1) defense missions; (2) commercialization of technology; and (3) venture capital partnerships. (c) S
CALABILITY .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the pilot program is designed to be scalable. (d) S
EMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not less fre-quently than once every six months for the first two years of the pilot program, the Sec-retary shall brief the congressional defense committees on the progress of the Secretary in carrying out the pilot program (e) A
UTHORITIES .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary may use the following authorities: (1) Section 1599g of title 10 of the United States Code, relating to public-private talent exchanges. (2) Section 2368 of such title, relating to Centers for Science, Technology, and Engi-neering Partnerships. (3) Section 2374a of such title, relating to prizes for advanced technology achieve-ments. (4) Section 2474 of such title, relating to Centers of Industrial and Technical Excel-lence. (5) Section 2521 of such title, relating to the Manufacturing Technology Program. (6) Section 225 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (7) Section 1711 of such Act, relating to a pilot program on strengthening manufac-turing in the defense industrial base. (8) Section 1603 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 50 U.S.C. 2359), relating to the Proof of Concept Commercialization Pilot Program. (9) Section 12 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title 31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and development agreements. (f) F
UNDING .— (1) A
DDITIONAL FUNDING .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation is hereby increased by $5,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for National Innovation Activi-ties (PE 8888/line 300). (2) A
VAILABILITY .—The amount available under paragraph (1) shall be available to carry out the pilot program required by sub-section (a). (3) OFFSET .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for Army Training Information Systems (PE 0605013A) for Army Information Technology Development, as specified in the funding table in section 4201, is hereby decreased by $5,000,000. 
SA 2853. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1018. CONTRACTS FOR MAINTENANCE OF NON-COMBAT NAVAL VESSELS IN NON-COASTWIDE AREAS OUTSIDE OF THE HOMEPORT OF THE VESSELS. 
Notwithstanding section 7299a of title 10, United States Code, or any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Navy may award a contract for the overhaul, repair, or mainte-nance of a non-combat naval vessel to a firm that is located in a non-coastwide area out-side the area of the homeport of the vessel, including a firm located in the Great Lakes or Gulf Coast regions of the United States, if the Secretary determines that such an award will— (1) reduce naval vessel maintenance back-logs; (2) improve fleet readiness; (3) support the operational needs of the Navy; and (4) not unduly impact the quality of life of the crew of the vessel. 
SA 2854. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. S CHUMER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 pro-posed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1052. REPORT ON THE ANALYTICAL MODEL OF THE AIR FORCE FOR STRATEGIC BASING OF KC–46 AIRCRAFT. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) consistent with the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, the Air Force is undertaking an updated mobil-ity capability and requirements study that will reflect guidance articulated in the 2018 National Defense Strategy; and (2) that study should address the model the Department of the Air Force intends to use for its strategic basing process. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary of Air Force shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the results of a review, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the analytical model used for strategic basing. (2) PARTICULAR ELEMENT .—The report shall include such recommendations of the Sec-retary for the analytical model as the Sec-retary considers appropriate in order to en-sure that the model addresses changes in re-fueling requirements along the Northern Tier of the United States as a result of the 2018 National Defense Strategy and associ-ated mobility capability requirements, in-cluding, in particular, in connection with the growth of activities in the Northern Polar region by global and regional powers. 
SA 2855. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle G of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. ll. AUTHORIZATION OF UNITED STATES STRATEGY FOR ENGAGEMENT IN CENTRAL AMERICA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In 2016, the countries of the Northern Triangle region of Central America, which are El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala, reported homicide rates of 60, 43, and 26 per 100,000 residents, respectively, making the region one of the most dangerous regions in the world. (2) The impunity rates for homicides in the Northern Triangle region are as high as 96 percent in Honduras, 95 percent in El Sal-vador, and 87 percent in Guatemala. (3) Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador respectively ranked 143rd, 135th, and 112th, respectively, of 180 countries in Trans-parency International’s 2017 Corruption Per-ception Index. (4) The high levels of violence and corrup-tion and weak adherence to the rule of law in the Northern Triangle region— (A) contributes to instability in the region; and (B) directly affects the United States, as demonstrated by the 2014 migration crisis in which a surge of unaccompanied minors ar-rived at the southwest border of the United States and requested humanitarian protec-tion due to the dire conditions in their coun-tries. (b) U
NITED STATES STRATEGY FOR ENGAGE -
MENT IN CENTRAL AMERICA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International De-velopment and in consultation with the head of each relevant Federal agency, shall carry out an initiative in the countries described in paragraph (2), to be known as the United States Strategy for Engagement in Central America. (2) C
OUNTRIES .—The countries described in this paragraph are the following: (A) Belize. (B) Costa Rica. (C) El Salvador. (D) Guatemala. (E) Honduras. (F) Panama. (3) P
RIORITY .—The United States Strategy for Engagement in Central America shall prioritize activities in the Northern Triangle region of Central America, which consists of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.043 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3858 June 12, 2018 
(A) El Salvador; (B) Guatemala; and (C) Honduras. (4) O
BJECTIVES .—With respect to the coun-tries described in paragraph (2), the objec-tives of the United States Strategy for En-gagement in Central America shall be the following: (A) To strengthen the rule of law and bol-ster the effectiveness of judicial systems, of-fices of public prosecutors, and civilian po-lice forces. (B) To combat corruption and improve pub-lic sector transparency. (C) To confront and counter the violence and crime perpetrated by armed criminal gangs, illicit trafficking organizations, and organized crime. (D) To disrupt money laundering oper-ations and the illicit financial networks of armed criminal gangs, illicit trafficking or-ganizations, and human smugglers. (E) To strengthen democratic governance and promote greater respect for internation-ally recognized human rights, labor rights, fundamental freedoms, and the media. (F) To enhance the capability of the gov-ernments of countries of Central America to protect and provide for vulnerable and at- risk populations. (G) To address the underlying causes of poverty and inequality. (H) To address the constraints to inclusive economic growth. (5) A
CTIVITIES .—In implementing the United States Strategy for Engagement in Central America, the Secretary of State may carry out activities in the countries de-scribed in paragraph (2)— (A) to strengthen the rule of law by pro-viding support for— (i) the Office of the Attorney General and public prosecutors in each such country, in-cluding the enhancement of the forensics and communications interception capabilities; (ii) reforms leading to independent, merit- based, selection processes for judges and prosecutors, and relevant ethics and profes-sional training; (iii) the improvement of victim and wit-ness protection; and (iv) the reform and improvement of prison facilities and management; (B) to combat corruption by providing sup-port for— (i) inspectors general and oversight insti-tutions, including relevant training for in-spectors and auditors; (ii) international commissions against im-punity, including the International Commis-sion Against Impunity in Guatemala (CICIG) and the Support Mission Against Corruption and Impunity in Honduras (MACCIH); (iii) civil society watchdogs that conduct oversight of executive branch officials and functions, police and security forces, and ju-dicial officials and public prosecutors; and (iv) the enhancement of freedom of infor-mation mechanisms; (C) to consolidate democratic governance by providing support for— (i) the reform of civil services, related training programs, and relevant career laws and processes that lead to independent, merit-based selection processes; (ii) national legislatures and their capacity to conduct oversight of executive branch functions; (iii) the reform of political party and cam-paign finance laws; (iv) local governments and their capacity to provide critical safety, education, health, and sanitation services to citizens; (v) to defend human rights by providing support for— (vi) human rights ombudsman offices; (vii) government protection programs that provide physical protection to human rights defenders, journalists, trade unionists, and civil society activists at risk; (viii) civil society organizations that pro-mote and defend human rights, freedom of expression, freedom of the press, labor rights, and LGBT rights; and (ix) civil society organizations that address sexual, domestic, and inter-partner violence against women and protect victims of such violence; (D) to professionalize civilian police forces by providing support for— (i) the reform of personnel vetting and dis-missal processes, including the enhancement of polygraph capability for use in such proc-esses; (ii) inspectors general and oversight of-fices, including relevant training for inspec-tors and auditors; (iii) community policing policies and pro-grams; (iv) the establishment of special vetted units; (v) training on the appropriate use of force and human rights; (vi) training on civilian intelligence collec-tion, investigative techniques, forensic anal-ysis, and evidence preservation; and (vii) equipment, such as nonintrusive in-spection equipment and communications interception technology; (E) to counter illicit trafficking by pro-viding assistance to the civilian law enforce-ment and the armed forces of countries of Central America, including support for— (i) the establishment of special vetted units; (ii) the enhancement of intelligence collec-tion capacity; (iii) the reform of personnel vetting and dismissal processes, including the enhance-ment of polygraph capability for use in such processes; and (iv) port, airport, and border security equipment, including— (I) computer infrastructure and data man-agement systems; (II) secure communications technologies; (III) communications interception tech-nology; (IV) nonintrusive inspection equipment; and (V) radar and aerial surveillance equip-ment; (F) to disrupt illicit financial networks by providing support for— (i) finance ministries, including the en-hancement of the capacity to use financial sanctions to block the assets of individuals and organizations involved in money laun-dering and the financing of armed criminal gangs, illicit trafficking networks, human smugglers, and organized crime; (ii) financial intelligence units, including the establishment and enhancement of anti- money laundering programs; and (iii) the reform of bank secrecy laws; and (G) to improve crime prevention by pro-viding support for— (i) programs that address domestic vio-lence and violence against women; (ii) the enhancement of programs for at- risk and criminal-involved youth, including the improvement of community centers; and (iii) alternative livelihood programs; (H) to strengthen human capital by pro-viding support for— (i) workforce development and entrepre-neurship training programs that are driven by market demand, specifically programs that prioritize women, at-risk youth, and minorities; (ii) improving early-grade literacy and the improvement of primary and secondary school curricula; (iii) relevant professional training for teachers and educational administrators; and (iv) educational policy reform and im-provement of education sector budgeting; (I) to enhance economic competitiveness and investment climate by providing support for— (i) small business development centers and programs that strengthen supply chain inte-gration; (ii) trade facilitation and customs harmo-nization programs; (iii) reduction of energy costs through in-vestments in clean technologies and the re-form of energy policies and regulations; (iv) the improvement of protections for in-vestors, including dispute resolution and ar-bitration mechanisms; and (v) the improvement of labor and environ-mental standards, in accordance with the Dominican Republic–Central America Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA–DR); (J) to strengthen food security by pro-viding support for— (i) small-scale agriculture, including tech-nical training and programs that facilitate access to credit; (ii) agricultural value chain development for farming communities; (iii) nutrition programs to reduce child-hood stunting rates; and (iv) investment in scientific research on climate change and climate resiliency; and (K) to improve the state of fiscal and finan-cial affairs by providing support for— (i) domestic revenue generation, including programs to improve tax administration, collection, and enforcement; (ii) strengthening public sector financial management, including strategic budgeting and expenditure tracking; and (iii) reform of customs and procurement policies and processes. (6) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) operational technology transferred to the governments of the countries described in paragraph (2) for intelligence or law en-forcement purposes should be used solely for the purposes for which the technology was intended; and (B) the United States should take all nec-essary steps to ensure that the use of oper-ation technology described in subparagraph (A) is consistent with United States law, in-cluding protections of freedom of expression, freedom of movement, and freedom of asso-ciation. (c) S
TRATEGY .— (1) S
UBMITTAL OF STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordi-nation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment and in consultation with the heads of the relevant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a multiyear strategy to implement the United States Strategy for Engagement in Central America under subsection (b). (2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter until the date de-scribed in subsection (f), the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report that evaluates the implementation of such international strategy with a focus on United States ef-forts in Central America— (A) to strengthen the capacity and inde-pendence of justice systems; (B) to combat corruption; (C) to improve government transparency; (D) to strengthen cooperation between Central American governments and anti-im-punity commissions; (E) to strengthen civilian police forces; (F) to limit the role of the military in pub-lic security; (G) to tackle violence and organized crime; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.041 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3859 June 12, 2018 
(H) to protect human rights; and (I) to consult civil society and local com-munities. (d) C
ONDITIONS ON ASSISTANCE FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of State may obligate not more than 25 percent of the amounts appro-priated pursuant to subsection (e) to carry out the United States Strategy for Engage-ment in Central America. (2) N
OTIFICATION AND COOPERATION .—In ad- dition to the amounts authorized to be obli-gated under paragraph (1), the Secretary of State may obligate an additional 25 percent of the amounts appropriated pursuant sub-section (e) for assistance to the Government of El Salvador, the Government of Guate-mala, and the Government of Honduras after the date on which the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, submits to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a certification that such governments are taking effective steps, in addition to steps taken during previous years— (A) to combat human smuggling and traf-ficking, including investigating, prosecuting, and increasing penalties for individuals re-sponsible for such crimes; (B) to improve border security and border screening to detect and deter illicit smug-gling and trafficking, while respecting the rights of individuals fleeing violence and seeking humanitarian protection asylum, in accordance with international law; (C) to cooperate with United States Gov-ernment agencies and other governments in the region to facilitate the safe and timely repatriation of migrants who do not qualify for refugee or other protected status, in ac-cordance with international law; (D) to improve reintegration services for repatriated migrants in a manner that en-sures the safety and well-being of the indi-vidual and reduces the likelihood of remigra-tion; and (E) to cooperate with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to improve protections for, and the processing of, vul-nerable populations, particularly women and children fleeing violence. (3) E
FFECTIVE IMPLEMENTATION .—In addi- tion to the amounts authorized to be obli-gated under paragraphs (1) and (2), the Sec-retary of State may obligate an additional 50 percent of the amounts appropriated pursu-ant subsection (e) for assistance to the Gov-ernment of El Salvador, the Government of Guatemala, and the Government of Honduras after the date on which the Secretary sub-mits to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a certification that such governments are taking effective steps in the respective countries, in addition to steps taken during the previous calendar year— (A) to establish an autonomous, publicly accountable entity to provide oversight of the international development initiatives; (B) to combat corruption, including inves-tigating and prosecuting government offi-cials, military personnel, and civil police of-ficers credibly alleged to be corrupt; (C) to implement reforms and strengthen the rule of law, including increasing the ca-pacity and independence of the judiciary and public prosecutors; (D) to counter the activities of armed criminal gangs, illicit trafficking networks, and organized crime; (E) to establish and implement a plan to create a professional, accountable civilian police force and curtail the role of the mili-tary in internal policing; (F) to investigate and prosecute, through the civilian justice system, military and po-lice personnel who are credibly alleged to have violated human rights, and to ensure that the military and the police are cooper-ating in such cases; (G) to cooperate with international com-missions against impunity, as appropriate, and with regional human rights entities; (H) to implement reforms related to strengthening electoral system and improv-ing the transparency of financing political campaigns and political parties; (I) to protect the right of political opposi-tion parties, journalists, trade unionists, human rights defenders, and other civil soci-ety activists to operate without interference; (J) to increase government revenues, in-cluding by enhancing tax collection, strengthening customs agencies, and reform-ing procurement processes; (K) to implement reforms to strengthen educational systems, vocational training programs, and programs for at-risk youth; (L) to resolve commercial disputes, includ-ing the confiscation of real property, be-tween United States entities and the respec-tive governments; and (M) to implement a policy by which local communities, civil society organizations (in-cluding indigenous and marginalized groups), and local governments are consulted in the design, implementation and evaluation of the activities of the international develop-ment initiatives that affect such commu-nities, organizations, or governments. (e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry this section, to remain available for obligation until the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) T
ERMINATION .—The United States Strat-egy on Engagement in Central America under subsection (b) shall terminate on De-cember 31, 2023. (g) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SA 2856. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle C of title XXVIII, add the following: 
SEC. 28llll. LAND EXCHANGE, GULF ISLANDS NATIONAL SEASHORE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the parcel of approximately 1.542 acres of land that is located within the Gulf Islands National Seashore in Jackson County, Mississippi, and identified as ‘‘NPS Exchange Area’’ on the Map. (2) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Gulf Islands National Seashore, Proposed Land Exchange with VFW, Davis Bayou Area—Jackson County, MS’’, num-bered 635/133309, and dated June 2016. (3) N
ON-FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non- Federal land’’ means the parcel of approxi-mately 2.161 acres of land that is located in Jackson County, Mississippi, and identified as ‘‘VFW Exchange Area’’ on the Map. (4) POST.—The term ‘‘Post’’ means the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars Post 5699. (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF EXCHANGE .—The Sec- retary may convey to the Post all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land in exchange for the conveyance by the Post to the Secretary of all right, title, and interest of the Post in and to the non-Federal land. (c) E
QUAL VALUE EXCHANGE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The values of the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be equal, as deter-mined by an appraisal conducted— (A) by a qualified and independent ap-praiser; and (B) in accordance with nationally recog-nized appraisal standards. (2) E
QUALIZATION .—If the values of the Fed-eral land and non-Federal land to be ex-changed under this section are not equal, the values shall be equalized through— (A) a cash payment; or (B) adjustments to the acreage of the Fed-eral land or non-Federal land to be ex-changed, as applicable. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—As a condition of the exchange authorized under this section, the Secretary shall require the Post to pay the costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for the costs in-curred by the Secretary, to carry out the ex-change, including— (A) survey costs; (B) any costs relating to environmental documentation; and (C) any other administrative costs relating to the land exchange. (2) R
EFUND .—If the Secretary collects amounts from the Post under paragraph (1) before the Secretary incurs the actual costs and the amount collected by the Secretary exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange under this section, the Secretary shall pro-vide to the Post a refund of the excess amount paid by the Post. (3) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS RE -
CEIVED .—Amounts received by the Secretary from the Post as reimbursement for costs in-curred under paragraph (1) shall be— (A) credited to the fund or account from which amounts were used to pay the costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange; (B) merged with amounts in the fund or ac-count to which the amounts were credited under subparagraph (A); and (C) available for the same purposes as, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions applicable to, amounts in the fund or account to which the amounts were credited under subparagraph (A). (e) D
ESCRIPTION OF FEDERAL LAND AND  N
ON-FEDERAL LAND.—The exact acreage and legal description of the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys that are determined to be satisfactory by the Sec-retary and the Post. (f) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The ex- change of Federal land and non-Federal land under this section shall be— (1) carried out through a quitclaim deed or other legal instrument; and (2) subject to such terms and conditions as are mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the Post, including such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary con-siders to be appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.041 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3860 June 12, 2018 
(g) V ALID EXISTING RIGHTS .—The exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land author-ized under this section shall be subject to valid existing rights. (h) T
ITLE APPROVAL .—Title to the Federal land and non-Federal land to be exchanged under this section shall be in a form accept-able to the Secretary. (i) T
REATMENT OF ACQUIRED LAND.—Any non-Federal land and interests in non-Fed-eral land acquired by the United States under this section shall be administered by the Secretary as part of the Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore. (j) M
ODIFICATION OF BOUNDARY .—On com- pletion of the exchange of Federal land and non-Federal land under this section, the Sec-retary shall modify the boundary of the Gulf Islands National Seashore to reflect the ex-change of Federal land and non-Federal land. 
SA 2857. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add the following: 
SEC. 12l. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR REDUCTION OF ACTIVE-DUTY MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DE-PLOYED TO THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act may be obligated or ex-pended to reduce the total number of mem-bers of the Armed Forces on active duty who are deployed to the Republic of Korea to fewer than 22,000 members of the Armed Forces until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional de-fense committees a certification that such a reduction is in the national security interest of the United States and will not signifi-cantly undermine the security of United States allies in the region. 
SA 2858. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1066. ESTABLISHMENT OF WILDFIRE AVIA-TION BUDGET LINE ITEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a separate account to fund all costs associated with the maintenance, operation, contracting, pur-chase, and ownership of Federal wildland fire aviation assets, including the 7 demilitarized HC-130H aircraft with serial numbers 1706, 1708, 1709, 1713, 1714, 1719, and 1721 that were transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture by the Secretary of the Air Force under sec-tion 1098(a)(2)(A)(iii) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 882). (b) PRESIDENTIAL BUDGET REQUESTS .—Be- ginning in fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall include as part of the annual budget of the Federal Government a unified request by the Depart-ment of Agriculture, the Department of the Interior, and the Department of Defense showing the total amount requested for the wildland fire aviation costs described in sub-section (a). (c) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Agri-culture, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Secretary of Defense shall not use amounts appropriated to accounts of the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Secretary of Defense, respectively, other than the account estab-lished by subsection (a), to carry out any ac-tivity described in that subsection. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the account established by subsection (a) for fis-cal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter a total amount of not more than $500,000,000 for the Department of Agriculture, the De-partment of the Interior, or the Department of Defense to be used for any costs described in subsection (a). 
SA 2859. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2282 proposed by Mr. I
NHOFE (for himself and Mr. M CCAIN) to the bill H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle F of title X, add the following: 
SEC. 1066. ESTABLISHMENT OF BLUE RIBBON COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Defense, shall establish a Blue Ribbon Commission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’)— (1) to study— (A) the fixed-wing aircraft available to the Federal Government for wildfire suppression as of the date of the study; and (B) the likely demand for fixed-wing air-craft for wildfire suppression over the 10- year period beginning on the date of enact-ment of this Act; and (2) to submit to the Secretary of the Inte-rior, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Sec-retary of Defense, and the relevant commit-tees of Congress a report with specific rec-ommendations for the safe and effective fu-ture of the Federal wildland fire aviation program. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under subsection (a)(2) shall include recommenda-tions for— (1) the types, quantities, and ownership and contracting models of the fixed-wing air-craft that should comprise the Federal fleet of wildfire suppression aircraft, specifically for very large airtankers, single-engine airtankers, water scoopers, and large airtankers, including— (A) the modular airborne firefighting sys-tems operated by the Secretary of the Air Force; and (B) the 7 demilitarized HC-130H aircraft with serial numbers 1706, 1708, 1709, 1713, 1714, 1719, and 1721 that were transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture by the Secretary of the Air Force under section 1098(a)(2)(A)(iii) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 882); and (2) agency policies governing— (A) situations in which fixed-wing aircraft should be used for wildfire suppression; and (B) situations in which fixed-wing aircraft should not be used due to safety, cost, or ef-fectiveness concerns. (c) CONSTRAINTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Commission shall assume, for the purposes of preparing the report re-quired under subsection (a)(2), that the Fed-eral fleet described in subsection (b)(1) will be funded with $500,000,000 annually. (2) E
XCEPTION .—If a recommendation of the Commission is deemed critical to the safe and effective operation of the fleet and would require an amount of funding in excess of $500,000,000 annually, the Commission shall include in the report a description of the recommendation and the approximate cost of implementing the recommendation. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mrs. THUNE. Mr. President, I have 9 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Richard Clarida, of Con-necticut, to be a Member of the Board of Governors, and to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors, and Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors, both of the Federal Reserve System. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the fol-lowing nominations: Jeffrey Kessler, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Patrick J. Urda, of Indi-ana, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court, and Amy Karpel, of Washington, and Randolph J. Stayin, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.044 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3861 June 12, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at 2 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , AND 
PENSIONS  
The Committee Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Cost of Prescription Drugs: Examining the President’s Blueprint American Pa-tients First to Lower Drug Prices.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 12, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Election Interference: Ensuring Law Enforcement is Equipped to Target Those Seeking to Do Harm.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, May 09, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to con-duct a closed hearing. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—H.R. 5895 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follow: 
A bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE WASH-INGTON CAPITALS FOR WINNING THE 2018 STANLEY CUP HOCKEY CHAMPIONSHIP Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 542, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 542) congratulating the Washington Capitals for winning the 2018 Stanley Cup hockey championship. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 542) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY SEMINOLES SOFTBALL TEAM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 543, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 543) congratulating the Florida State University Seminoles soft-ball team for winning the 2018 National Col-legiate Athletic Association Women’s Col-lege World Series. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 543) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CELEBRATING JUNE 11, 2018, AS THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE UNITED STATES CORAL REEF TASK FORCE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 544, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 544) celebrating June 11, 2018, as the 20th anniversary of the estab-lishment of the United States Coral Reef Task Force. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 544) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE TERRORIST AT-TACK ON THE PULSE ORLANDO NIGHTCLUB ON JUNE 12, 2016 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 545, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 545) honoring the memory of the victims of the terrorist at-tack on the Pulse Orlando nightclub on June 12, 2016. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 545) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ALL CIRCUIT REVIEW ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 377, H.R. 2229. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2229) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whis-tleblowers, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with an amendment, as follows: (The part of the bill intended to be inserted is shown in italic.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.045 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3862 June 12, 2018 
H.R. 2229 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘All Circuit Review Act’’. 
SEC. 2. JUDICIAL REVIEW OF MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD DECISIONS RE-LATING TO WHISTLEBLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7703(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘During the 5-year period beginning on the effective date of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012, a peti-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘A petition’’. (b) D
IRECTOR REVIEW .—Section 7703(d)(2) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘During the 5-year period beginning on the effective date of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012, this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘This paragraph’’. (c) R
ETROACTIVE EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take ef-fect as if enacted on November 26, 2017. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment was agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 2229), as amended, was passed. RECOGNIZING AND SUPPORTING THE EFFORTS OF THE UNITED BID COMMITTEE TO BRING THE 2026 FIFA WORLD CUP COMPETI-TION TO CANADA, MEXICO, AND THE UNITED STATES Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committe on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H. Con. Res. 111 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the concurrent resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 111) recognizing and supporting the efforts of the United Bid Committee to bring the 2026 Fed-eration Internationale de Football Associa-tion (FIFA) World Cup competition to Can-ada, Mexico, and the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 111) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 2018 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 13; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of H.R. 5515. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:41 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, June 13, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate June 12, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
CHRISTOPHER KREBS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR NATIONAL PROTECTION AND PROGRAMS, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:25 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A12JN6.051 S12JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE821 June 12, 2018 
RECOGNIZING THE HEROIC AC-TIONS OF WAYNE COUNTY SER-GEANT JOSEPH AYOTTE 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant Joseph Ayotte, a dedi-cated member of the Wayne County Sheriff’s Office whose quick response and expert train-ing saved the life of a fellow officer, Rochester Police Sergeant Ralph J. Gagliano. On November 26, 2013, Sergeant Gagliano was driving home when he suffered a severe headache and subsequently lost control of his vehicle, veering off the road. Arriving on scene, Sergeant Ayotte quickly assessed Ser-geant Gagliano, determining the occurrence of a medical emergency. Following transportation to the hospital, the sergeant underwent emer-gency surgery for a brain aneurysm and awoke 21 days later with no memory of the in-cident. Following his retirement on March 2, 2018, a date Sergeant Gagliano may have never seen had it not been for Sergeant Ayotte’s im-perative and professional conduct, Sergeant Gagliano presented Sergeant Ayotte with the Life Saving Award. Sergeant Ayotte and his actions that day emblemize why we have such tremendous love and respect for our officers and first responders. Perhaps the message on the Life Saving Award says it best, ‘‘Your Ac-tions on that day will always be remembered.’’ Prior to representing Central New York in Congress, I spent nearly my entire profes-sional career serving as a federal prosecutor, working alongside our local law enforcement and first responders to improve the safety and stability of our communities. I have always held the utmost of respect for the difficult jobs of our first responders, and I recognize the challenges they face, which grow greater every day. Yet, they never shirk their duty and always rise to the occasion. I greatly com-mend them for their dedication to serving our community—a community that includes fellow police officer Ralph J. Gagliano—and I thank them wholeheartedly for their service each and every day. 
f 
SOUTHERN COLORADO SOAP BOX DERBY TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Southern Colorado Soap Box Derby and the individuals—participants, par-ents and organizers—who have made it an enriching community event to look forward to. On July 8, 1937, boys ages 9–12 entered cars they designed out of soap boxes, wood and metal for the very first Southern Colorado Soap Box Derby, which took place on West Street in Pueblo, Colorado. At the end of this event, the first place winner was sent to com-pete in the national championship in Akron, Ohio. One year later in 1938, the races stopped due to World War II. They began again almost 20 years later in 1962, this time taking place on Constitution Hill with 62 racers ages 9–15. With the help of 28 orphans from Sacred Heart Home and Youth Center and several convicts of the Colorado State Penitentiary, all of the derby cars were successfully built by race time. The revived competition led to some new additions, one being the implemen-tation of a Derby Queen who was chosen from the list of names submitted by the racers. The very first Derby Queen was Sharon Galbraith of Pueblo. As the race evolved, by 1966 standard wheels and steering assemblies were required to give equal opportunity to all racers. Joplin Hill on Pueblo’s east side was determined to be the best hill for gravity and the competition moved once again. Boys from communities in-cluding Pueblo, Denver, Boulder, Greeley and Loveland traveled to participate in the derby competition. Attendance steadily increased, ranging from a few hundred to 5,000 spec-tators. Unfortunately, three years later, the derby was once more on the brink of shutting down due to a lack of funding. Only one more race was scheduled to be held. This lack of funding threatened derby winner Steve Espinosa’s chances of going to the national competition in Ohio. However, thanks to the generosity of the Pueblo Star Journal and radio station KKAM’s manager Dwight Shaw, enough funds were donated to send Steve to Ohio. In 2006 after a long 37 years, the Southern Colorado Soap Box Derby started up again and has been held every year since. In that time, many positive changes have been insti-tuted to be more inclusive, fair and safe: it’s now open to both girls and boys ages 7–21; all derby cars have been built from a kit with strict adherence to all nuts and bolts; and con-testants must qualify for one of three divisions to race. Since 2006, the highlight of each race has been Officer Randy Belisle of the Colo-rado State Patrol using his radar gun to clock the speed of each racer as he or she comes down the hill. With speeds ranging from 28 to 31 mph, Officer Belisle then issues each racer a ‘‘ticket’’ for speeding. Mr. Speaker, the Southern Colorado Soap Box Derby is a fun and important part of the culture and history of Pueblo, Colorado. Throughout the years, this great event has en-hanced community engagement and served as a way to teach youth the skills of workman-ship and perseverance to complete the task at hand. I look forward to watching the races and I wish all the contestants good luck. EXPRESSING CONCERN OVER THE ARREST AND CONVICTION OF TOMMY ROBINSON HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the fol-lowing purpose. I want to share my concern about the arrest and conviction of Tommy Robinson in Great Britain. I am well aware that England does not share our free speech values and does not have the equivalent of a First Amendment. In-deed, the restrictive practices of England led directly to the birth of this great nation and the freedom we enjoy here. Mr. Robinson, a British activist and jour-nalist, was arrested and jailed for simply film-ing outside a public courtroom, and was sen-tenced to 13 months for this ‘‘crime.’’ His real crime is not taking pictures; His real crime is his refusal to agree to the government’s efforts to cover up crimes by Muslim gangs who are raping British girls, almost with impunity, and with little apparent regard by the British gov-ernment. If this act violated a term of probation, it would mean the court system in England is a key part of the problem, covering up for crimi-nals by imposing gag orders as terms of pro-bation. Dissent is patriotic when the ruling class are illegitimate and oppressive. The ruling class in England appears fearful of the truth. When it bans discussion, and when it criminalizes the truth, any such government can fairly be la-beled as both oppressive and tyrannical. I ob-ject to the suppression of the truth. England has a proud history and America is its progeny, but it needs to take back its liberty and freedom. ‘‘It’s all for nothing if you don’t have freedom,’’ Braveheart (1995). 
f 
HONORING THE PANA FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the courageous mem-bers of the Pana Fire Department and con-gratulate them on being awarded the Fire-fighter Excellence Unit Citation Award at the Il-linois Fallen Firefighter Memorial and Fire-fighting Medal of Honor Awards Ceremony in May. Chief Rodney Bland and the firefighters from the Pana Fire Department were recog-nized for their actions in responding to a house fire in April of 2017. After responding to a call and being told that two children were trapped in the house, firefighters made mul-tiple attempts to enter the second floor and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JN8.001 E12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE822 June 12, 2018 
save the children before a fire engine arrived on the scene and without breathing equip-ment. The firefighters continued to attack the blaze, but were forced to leave the building due to deteriorating conditions in the house. Although they were unable to save the chil-dren, the team from the Pana Fire Department displayed bravery, heroism, and selflessness throughout their actions that day. I’m proud to recognize their efforts and the citation they received earlier this month. To the members of the Pana Fire Department, and all the first responders across the country, I thank them for all that they do to protect us and keep us safe. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE BHUTANESE REF-UGEE COMMUNITY’S ARRIVAL IN ONONDAGA COUNTY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 10th anniversary of the Bhuta-nese refugee community’s arrival in Onondaga County. The first members of our vibrant Bhutanese community arrived in Central New York in 2008, in the wake of intolerance and violence in Bhutan. Today, almost 3,000 Bhutanese people live in Central New York, where they serve as good neighbors, excellent students, and leaders of our community. Under the leadership of Jay Subedi, who serves as the President of the Bhutanese Community in Syracuse, the Bhutanese Com-munity runs educational programs such as English as a Second Language and citizen-ship classes. The Bhutanese Community in Syracuse also offers Problem Solving pro-gramming in which volunteers assist members of the community in basic daily tasks such as applying for government assistance, making and changing doctor’s appointments, and fill-ing out different types of applications. On March 24th, the Bhutanese community organized a 10th anniversary celebration at Franklin Elementary School. As a testament to the organization’s dedication to our commu-nity, it has also announced the creation of a blessing box, which will be filled with food every Saturday and used to provide for people of lower incomes. It is my honor to recognize the contributions of the Bhutanese community to Central New York over the past 10 years. The United States is a country that was founded by immi-grants. Our success as a nation is directly tied to our acceptance of all nationalities, ethnicities, and cultures. I join our community in wishing all members of the Bhutanese com-munity ‘‘congratulations’’ on 10 years of im-proving and enriching our community. TRIBUTE TO CHRIS FIELDER, MAYOR OF LEANDER, TEXAS HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I com-mend the extraordinary work of Chris Fielder, Mayor of Leander, Texas who will retire on June 21 after serving his beloved community for eleven years. Chris’ leadership, vision, and commitment to doing what’s best for his city have made Leander a great place to live and work. Chris served the growing city of Leander as a councilmember from 2007 to 2012, and Mayor from 2012 to 18. During his tenure, he unselfishly gave many hours to the good citi-zens of his community. As a true leader, he has always shown great respect and support for both staff and colleagues as well as a will-ingness to make tough decisions. He cham-pioned property tax rate reductions, obtained voter approval for general bond election prop-ositions, improved local government trans-parency, oversaw large capital projects, and initiated the development of Veterans Park. No one can doubt that Chris has made a real dif-ference in the lives of residents. His work is a model of sensible governance that puts people first. While Chris isn’t tired of the privilege of serving as Leander’s mayor, he knows that everything has its season and that it’s time to allow the next generation of leaders to take to the stage. Retirement from office won’t give him much idle time. He’ll fill his days man-aging his small business and spending time with his beloved wife MaShon and their two children. I’m glad civic-minded leaders like Mayor Chris Fielder are working hard to improve their communities. He’s led Leander to new heights and positioned his beloved city to progress into a bright future. I salute his work, congratu-late him on his retirement, and wish him noth-ing but the best for the years ahead. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF THOMAS DOWNS 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Thomas Downs’ 51 years of service to the Hampton Bays Fire Department. Thom-as was accepted into the Hampton Bays Fire Department on June 14, 1967. Throughout his years of service, he has held many positions within the department, quickly rising to the rank of Captain and placed in charge of nearly every new truck as it was placed into service. Serving as Chief of the Department from 1982 until 1983, Mr. Downs has received many of the Department’s top awards, including Fire-man of the Year in both 1989 and 2013, Old Timer of the Year on two occasions and the Dave Powers Memorial 110% Award in 2006. To this day, Mr. Downs continues to serve his community as one of our top first responders, sharing his wealth of knowledge and fostering the next generation of firefighters, and today I thank him for his years of selfless service to the community of Hampton Bays and look for-ward to many more years to come. f 
HONORING WILLIAM HOLDEN’S 100TH BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of this year’s marking of the 100th an-niversary of movie icon William Holden’s birth. William Holden was born William Franklin Beedle, Jr., in O’Fallon, Illinois in 1918. He and his family had a remarkable American story, with roots that could be traced all the way back to Mary Ball, mother of George Washington. William was one of the most popular actors in America in the 1950s and 1960s, starring in Sunset Boulevard, Sabrina, The Wild Bunch, The Bridge on the River Kwai, and 1953’s Sta-lag 17, a movie for which he won the Acad-emy Award for Best Actor. He also won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor for his performance in the 1973 tele-vision film The Blue Knight. William Holden is also recognized for his leadership and service to his country in the United States Air Force during World War II. For these reasons, I join many Illinoisans in honoring William Holden, one of O’Fallon, Illi-nois’ most famous sons. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF STEPHEN CVENGROS 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the career of Stephen Cvengros. Mr. Cvengros recently retired as the Vice Presi-dent of Content for Advance Media New York, the accredited publisher of The Post-Standard, Syracuse.com, and NYup.com. Mr. Cvengros retired with numerous accolades in the news business and leaves behind a lasting legacy. Mr. Cvengros has worked for several news and media outlets throughout his career, which he began in print media. He was an edi-tor for the Chicago Tribune, The Detroit News, and Newsday. Later, he became an executive producer for MSN News before starting his tenure at Advance Media New York. In Mr. Cvengros’ time at Advance Media New York, he has helped The Post-Standard develop its website and build a strong online following. As a result, Syracuse.com has fre-quently ranked in the top of local news sites in the country. Additionally, The Post-Standard has cemented its position as one of the na-tion’s top five best read newspapers. Throughout his career, Mr. Cvengros has accumulated numerous awards, including Gold Awards from the National Press Photog-raphers Association and glowing recognition from the Michigan Press Association. His decorated career reflects his hard work and passion for journalism. I commend Stephen Cvengros for his dedi-cation to journalistic integrity and for efforts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JN8.003 E12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE823 June 12, 2018 
modernize print journalism and make news more accessible. His professionalism has pro-vided great levels of success and stability and he will surely be missed. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF MR. BEN-JAMIN HENRY BASCUM HUB-BARD 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in solemn remembrance of the life of Mr. Ben-jamin Henry Bascum Hubbard, or ‘‘B.H.’’ as he was affectionately known. B.H. served as a dedicated lawyer in the Northern Neck, and was a tireless advocate for his community as a member of numerous boards and organiza-tions that greatly benefited the region. B.H. was born January 19, 1946 in White Stone, a small town in Virginia’s Tidewater. He graduated from the University of Virginia with a degree in English and earned his J.D. from the University of South Carolina. He was a founding member of the firm Hubbard, Terry, and Britt, in Irvington, and demonstrated total dedication to his clients through his work. Be-yond his firm, B.H. was always striving to im-prove the quality of life for his neighbors and the community he loved dearly. Most notably, he was chairman of the board of Rappahan-nock General Hospital and a member of the Board of Directors of Chesapeake Health Services. He also served on the Board of Di-rectors for Bon Secours Richmond Health System. One of his greatest achievements was the successful merger of Rappahannock General Hospital with Bon Secours. Beyond his work, he was known by all for his compas-sion, his deeply caring spirit, and his incredible capacity for service. I am fortunate to have called B.H. a friend and I extend my deepest condolences to his wife of over 50 years, Terry; daughters Emory and Elizabeth; son, Beau; and the rest of his family. B.H. leaves a lasting legacy in the Northern Neck that has been felt by all of its residents. As it says in the book of Matthew, ‘‘Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou has been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy lord.’’ Mr. Speaker, I implore you and my col-leagues to join me as we honor the memory of Mr. B.H. Hubbard. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN U.S. ARMY SOLDIER JULIUS E. M
CKINNEY 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Army Sergeant Julius E. McKinney who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation during the Korean War. SGT McKinney was a member of the Heavy Mortar Company, 32nd Infantry Regi-ment, 7th Infantry Division. While engaged in heavy battle at the Chosin Reservoir in North Korea on December 2, 1950, SGT McKinney became unaccounted for and was later de-clared Missing in Action. Many years after the Korean War, permis-sion to excavate burial sites in the areas where fighting occurred around the Chosin Reservoir led to the recovery of human re-mains. More years would pass before the use of DNA technology would help unite families with their loved ones. Eight years ago, retired Mississippi State Guard Colonel Bill Huff, SGT McKinney’s nephew, submitted DNA samples along with two relatives to the U.S. Army. In March 2018, SGT McKinney’s remains were identified. ‘‘For 67 years, we waited for an-swers,’’ Mr. Huff said. ‘‘It has been so hard for all of us in the family. It was hardest on our uncle’s youngest sister, Effie. For years, she would not eat much for fear her brother was starving. She would remove the bed cover at night because she worried that her brother was shivering somewhere.’’ On Wednesday, June 6, 2018, members of the Patriot Guard Riders escorted members of the family to the Memphis International Airport to bring SGT McKinney’s remains to Corinth, Mississippi. Friends and loved ones attended the funeral. Internment was held at the Corinth National Cemetery. SGT McKinney was buried with full military honors. Mr. Huff recently said the family finally has closure. ‘‘We are so grateful that DNA technology helped us find Uncle Julius,’’ Mr. Huff said. ‘‘We will share our story with the public every chance we get in hopes that others will not give up on the search for their loved ones.’’ Joyce Tanner, SGT McKinney’s niece, ex-pressed her gratitude in a written tribute to her uncle. ‘‘We are thankful the U.S. Army did not abandon their search for you until they were able to find and identify portions of your body after 67 years,’’ Mrs. Tanner wrote. ‘‘They have pieced together records and information that has brought a sense of rest and peace to our hearts, minds, and souls. And to them, we are forever grateful for their diligent efforts.’’ SGT McKinney’s awards include the Purple Heart, National Defense Service Medal, Ko-rean Service Medal, United Nations Medal and the Combat Infantryman’s Badge. SGT McKinney’s service will always be re-membered. It is through the blood of our patri-ots that we are free. f 
RECOGNIZING GLORIA CORDES LARSON 
HON. KATHERINE M. CLARK 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Gloria Cordes Lar-son, who will step down as the first-ever fe-male president of Bentley University on June 30, 2018. Throughout her esteemed career, Ms. Lar-son has been a pioneer in higher education, a dedicated civil servant, and a champion for gender equity. During her 11 years as Bentley University President, Ms. Larson guided the Waltham school through the Great Recession, facilitated its transition from a college to a uni-versity, and ultimately, secured a 97 percent job placement rating for the institution’s grad-uates. In 2011, she helped found the Bentley Center for Women and Business, a program designed to advance shared leadership among women and men at all levels of the corporate world. Most recently, under her leadership, Bentley University was ranked fourth in U.S. News & World Report’s 2018 ‘‘Best Value Schools’’. Prior to her tenure as Bentley University president, Ms. Larson served as Secretary of Economic Affairs for the administration of Gov-ernor Bill Weld; acted as Deputy Director of Consumer Protection at the Federal Trade Commission; was the first-ever woman to chair the Greater Boston Chamber of Com-merce; and led a business advisory cabinet for former Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick. Upon being asked what her personal priority as President of Bentley University was, she reportedly said that it was ‘‘to help women breakthrough in the business world.’’ In every facet of her accomplished career, she has un-chained the impossible and shepherded the way for the next generation. In recognition of her impact on the univer-sity, Massachusetts, and the advancement of women in business, Bentley University is hon-oring her legacy by naming the Center for Women and Business after Ms. Larson. I couldn’t think of a worthier recipient and a bet-ter inspiration for students. The trail that Ms. Larson has blazed for women and students in our Commonwealth and across the country cannot be understated. We thank her for her dedication, and wish her the best of luck as ‘‘president-in-residence’’ of Bentley University’s School of Education. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE OPENING OF THE YPSILANTI YMCA CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the opening of the Ypsilanti YMCA Child Development Center. The facility will provide childcare and educational program-ming to local children. An affiliate of the Ann Arbor YMCA, the Yp-silanti branch is an association of men, women and children that seeks to promote health and the growth of children and teens. Due to the success and size of the Ann Arbor facility, the YMCA expanded its reach into the Ypsilanti community in 2009. The local organi-zation seeks to support Michigan residents of all ages, incomes and backgrounds through its extensive programming and activities. Special-izing in youth development, the Ypsilanti YMCA continually adds new programming to reach and nurture children throughout south-east Michigan. Currently, the Ypsilanti location hosts camps throughout the summer, including a free learn-to-swim program and leader-in- training opportunity for middle schoolers. As it opens an early childhood development center, the Ypsilanti YMCA will continue to better the lives of local youth through its programming. The Ypsilanti YMCA’s Child Development Center was established in partnership with the Ann Arbor YMCA, Eastern Michigan Univer-sity, Ypsilanti Schools and the Ypsilanti Hous-ing Commission. The center will provide childcare for children 18 months to 5 years old 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JN8.003 E12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE824 June 12, 2018 
from 6:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. on weekdays. Fi-nancial assistance will be available to Ypsilanti residents, allowing for low-income community members to provide childcare to their children in a safe and nurturing environment. The facil-ity consists of three classrooms, a playground and a gymnasium, and is located within the former Chapelle Elementary School. This vi-sionary center will offer children and parents quality childcare in our local community, and we are grateful for the YMCA’s ongoing com-mitment to Ypsilanti residents. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Ypsilanti YMCA’s years of service to our southeast Michigan community. Their newly opened childhood development center will create a brighter and more healthy future for local youth. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIVERPOOL HIGH SCHOOL BOYS BASKET-BALL TEAM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the victory of the Liverpool Warriors Boys basketball team in the New York State Public High School Association Class AA Championship on March 17, 2018. The Liver-pool Warriors defeated the Half Hollow Hills East team by a score of 71–64 to win the state title for the first time in program history. The Warriors’ victory marked the end of a perfect season for the team. Despite this dom-inant record the game was close, with the Warriors trailing by seven at halftime. They rallied in the second half won the game. Tour-nament MVP, Senior Charles Pride, who scored 18 points along with seven rebounds and six assists, and senior Noah Issakainen who added another 17 points in the win. Mem-bers of the championship team included Pride, Issakainen, as well as seniors Peter Cerrone, Alan Willmes, Joe Desocio, Nas Johnson, Connor Jones, juniors Kyle Butler, Alex Ruston, Jake Piseno, Nick Klein, Joe Valerino, Ryan Valentine, Ian Conroy, Matt Senecal, and sophomores Freshaun Dreher, Kyle Caves, and Lateef Edwards. The team was led to victory by their coach Ryan Blackwell. I am honored to recognize the teamwork displayed by the Liverpool Warriors and to congratulate the members of the team, their families, the coaching staff, and teachers at Liverpool High School. This is a historic win for Central New York, the first Section III Class AA title since 2002, and I am confident that the positive experiences from the 2018 season will yield the Warriors continued suc-cess in both athletics and academics. 
f 
SPENDING CUTS TO EXPIRED AND UNNECESSARY PROGRAMS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 7, 2018 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I support the idea of rescissions. Some of the rescissions proposed by the Republicans are a good idea, but Republican leadership would not allow us to vote on the proposals separately. There-fore, I have no choice but to oppose the entire rescissions package. I hope to work with my colleagues to make fiscally responsible deci-sions moving forward. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND WORK OF SAL VENTURA 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize over three decades of the dedicated work and compassionate leadership of Mr. Sal Ventura in service of improving the lives of working families in our community. Sal was born in San Jose in the late 50’s. Raised and educated in Santa Clara County, he completed the San Jose City College Labor Studies Program and started his long and sto-ried career with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) with an appren-ticeship in 1981. Sal was hired as IBEW staff in the Organizing Department in January, 1995, and by May, 1997, he was appointed as Business Agent. In all, Sal spent 36 years as a member of the IBEW and 32 years as a member of the IBEW Local 332 Political Action Committee, serving as Chairman for 14 years. Over the course of his career, Sal served as an elected Executive Board member and as Vice Presi-dent of IBEW 332. As he retires, Sal is the current President of the South Bay Labor Council executive board and the assistant manager of IBEW Local 332. During his career, Sal expanded his efforts beyond IBEW and served on many labor and community boards and committees, including as Former Executive Board Member of the South Bay Labor Council, Delegate and former Trustee of the Santa Clara/San Benito Counties Building Trades, and Chairman of the South Bay Labor Council Community Services Committees. Additionally, Sal has served on the Board of Christmas in April/Re-build Together Silicon Valley and with our community radio station, KKUP. Mr. Speaker, I hereby recognize and com-mend Sal Ventura for his lifelong work and commitment to work in the best interest of our community. I congratulate him on his impres-sive career and commend him on his invalu-able service. As Sal continues his life in San Jose with his wife, Jenny, his two daughters, two puppies, and a parakeet, I wish him a restful and fulfilling retirement. We have been lucky to have him. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LATE SEAMAN 1ST CLASS EDWARD SLAPIKAS ON THE OCCASION OF HIS FINAL HOMECOMING 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late Seaman 1st Class Ed-ward Slapikas. 77 years ago, Edward was killed in the attack on Pearl Harbor and buried in Hawaii, but never identified. On Saturday, June 9, 2018, Edward received a hero’s wel-come home and full military honors following a Mass of Christian Burial at Holy Spirit Parish. Edward Slapikas was born on August 9, 1915, son of the late Frank and Ursula Slapikas. He grew up in the Wanamie section of Newport Township, Pennsylvania and at-tended Newport Area High School. After grad-uation, he worked for the Glen Alden Coal Company before joining the Navy in 1940. On December 7, 1941, Edward was serving aboard the USS Oklahoma berthed in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. The Oklahoma endured Japa-nese torpedo attacks which capsized the ship and killed 26-year-old Edward and more than 400 of his fellow sailors. Edward and his com-patriots were laid to rest in the National Me-morial Cemetery of the Pacific (Punchbowl Cemetery) in Hawaii. More than 70 years after that fateful Decem-ber day, Edward was identified and finds his final resting place in St. Mary’s Cemetery in his hometown of Wanamie. VFW Post 971 is named in Edward’s memory, and his remain-ing family, a niece and nephew, was in attend-ance to celebrate his legacy. It is a solemn honor to recognize the mem-ory of Seaman 1st Class Edward Slapikas. Our nation is grateful for his selfless service in World War II. We shall never forget his sac-rifice for our freedom, and we are honored to finally welcome him home. May he rest in peace. f 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF MICHAEL K. BAACH 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the contributions of life’s work of Mi-chael K. Baach of Medina, Ohio and to extend my heartfelt congratulations on his retirement in June, 2018. Mike Baach has played an important role as the President and CEO of Philpott Rubber and Plastics Company since August, 2009. Found-ed in northeast Ohio in 1889 and headquartered in Medina, Ohio, Philpott is a leading provider of custom molded rubber and plastic parts, standard polymeric products, and quality adhesives to the industrial market sec-tor. Mike is the team leader of a workforce of dedicated professionals, more than 1,000 strong, whose combined productivity gen-erates revenue exceeding $70 million annu-ally. By any measure, Mike’s leadership, busi-ness acumen, professionalism are the gold standard we should all hope to emulate. What is more, Mike embodies these values with hu-mility and a strong sense of deeply held core values. Mike, as I can personally attest, is both friend as well as a mentor to many. Before his time at Philpott, Mike was a Co- Founder of Corpro, initially in Houston, Texas and then later in Medina, Ohio. Mike also worked as a sales manager at Harco Corpora-tion, also in Houston and Medina. At each stage of his career, Mike has worked hard and added value for both to the customers he served as well as the companies for which he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JN8.010 E12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE825 June 12, 2018 
worked. Mike is the author of five patents, again, bringing leadership, value and innova-tion to the business community. Mike has also contributed to his community through his service on many boards in Medina County, in so doing, he has touched the lives of many in his community. I’m sure the Great-er Medina Chamber of Commerce, Hospice of Medina County, Southwest General Health Center and Blue Coats of Medina County will all agree with me that Mike Baach has made his home, Medina County, a better place to live for all its citizens through his tireless devo-tion and service. It is the considered opinion of many that Mike’s wisdom, compassion and in-tegrity define his character. Medina County, and indeed, the State of Ohio and the Nation itself are better places because of Mike Baach’s presence and contributions. The 115th Congress acknowledges the many achievements of Mike Baach. I thank him for his friendship and wish him the best of luck in his new endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF SIMPLEX MANUFAC-TURING COMPANY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of Simplex Manufacturing Company in my district in Au-burn, New York. Founded in 1918 by William J. Merritt, Sim-plex Manufacturing Company began as a leather goods manufacturer. Over the years, however, Simplex has evolved with market trends, and now provides a variety of essen-tial, modern products that are often custom- made for a variety of machines and devices. Today, the parts crafted by Simplex are used in all manner of devices from motors and hand tools, to security systems which keep families and businesses safe from harm. Throughout the years, Simplex has become a staple of the Central New York business community. In this day and age, while many companies have chosen quantity over quality, Simplex has remained dedicated to producing an excellent product. I am proud to congratu-late the owners and employees of Simplex 100 successful years in business. 
f 
HONORING JOSEPH D IANTONIO OF MILFORD, MA 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Joseph DiAntonio, a lifelong resident of the Fourth District of Massachusetts, who passed away in April after a life marked by courage, kindness, and an unwavering com-mitment to public service. Born in Milford, Massachusetts in 1927, Mr. DiAntonio, or ‘‘Joe D’’ to those who knew him, graduated from Milford High School in 1945 before enlisting in the Navy as our nation was gripped in the Second World War. After return-ing from service, Mr. DiAntonio began his ca-reer with the Rosenfeld Concrete Company where he would eventually retire as plant and credit manager. In Milford, Mr. DiAntonio will be missed at Town Council meetings where he served fifty- two years as a member, taking on leadership roles as Chairman of the Town Finance and Library Building Committees as well as Trust-ee of the Milford Geriatric Authority. A proud son of Italian immigrants, Mr. DiAntonio was a member of the Italian-Amer-ican War Veterans Post of Milford, where he worked to honor the service and sacrifices of past and present veterans of Italian heritage, and the impact that first generation Americans continue to have on our country. On May 4th, Joseph DiAntonio was laid to rest with military honors surrounded by his six children, twelve grandchildren, and fourteen great-grandchildren. The Fourth District was proud to have a neighbor like ‘‘Joe D’’, and from the Halls of Congress, I offer our condo-lences to those who knew him. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF HALLS HILL STATION NO. 8 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-ebrate the 100th Anniversary of Arlington, Vir-ginia’s Halls Hill Station No. 8, which is being honored at the African American Fire Fighters Historical Society’s 8th Annual Salute Dinner. As the Civil War ended, freed slaves in Arling-ton set out to build a community and inde-pendent life. Many settled in the Halls Hill neighborhood, making it North Arlington’s first African American community. There they built a supportive community with sprawling busi-nesses, civic organizations, and support serv-ices. One of the most respected and treasured of those service organizations is Fire Station No. 8. In 1918, twenty years after Arlington Coun-ty’s first firefighting company was established, a group of African American men formed a volunteer fire department to bring fire protec-tion to the African American community of Halls Hill. At the time, the Halls Hill African American community, which began as a home for freed slaves after the Civil War, was kept separate from adjacent white communities, in part, by an 8-foot wooden fence. Initially, the Halls Hill firefighters had only a 60-gallon chemical tank—pulled by six men over un-paved and muddy roads—that was housed on the grounds of the John Langston Elementary School. In 1925, the seven-year-old Halls Hill Station No. 8 held its first elections and, through door-to-door canvassing campaigns, raised enough money to procure the Station’s first motor-driven engine. In 1927, the Halls Hill Volunteer Fire Department was officially incorporated and moved to a new location on Lee Highway, which featured a telephone by which fire calls were routed through the chief operator of the local telephone company. With Arlington County starting to fund equip-ment and utilities for volunteer fire companies, the 1930s proved much more rewarding for the previously neglected Halls Hill Volunteer Fire Department. With County support, the Halls Hill Volunteer Fire Department obtained its first pumper as well as a 1929 Diamond-T truck. The Hicks family, who owned several community businesses, also offered property for a new firehouse, which quickly became a de facto community center for local news and conversation. The new firehouse featured such attractions as a pay phone and soda ma-chine as well as a blaring siren to summon volunteers to the firehouse. Around this time, the Arlington County Fireman’s Association was founded as a network for Arlington fire companies, but did not include Halls Hill Vol-unteer Fire Department. In 1940, Arlington County began funding professional fire staff to work within the volun-teer companies. Eleven years later, Halls Hill became the last firefighting company in the county to be assigned paid professionals. The original professional firefighters assigned in 1951 to Station No. 8, in order of hire, were Alfred Clark, Julian Syphax, George McNeal, and Archie Syphax. Later, Hartman Reed, James K. Jones, Carroll Deskins, Henry Vin-cent, Carl Cooper, Ervin Richardson, Jimmy Terry, Wilton Hendricks, Bill Warrington and Bobby Hill were also hired. As a segregated station, Halls Hill Station No. 8 sought to prioritize serving the immediate community. However, firefighters assigned to the Station were routinely dispatched on calls outside their first due area. On these dispatches, fire-fighters were often berated, even by the resi-dents the firefighters were attempting to help. Career advancement opportunities for Afri-can American firefighters at that time were lim-ited to Fire Station No. 8. Nonetheless, in 1957, Alfred Clark became the first African American fire captain in the County and con-tinued to serve at Station No. 8. His daughter Kitty recalls that when the station later be-came integrated in the 1960s, some white fire-fighters said they ‘‘would not serve under a ‘Ni. . .’ and even wrote it on the chalkboard. The battalion chief, upon arriving, ordered it removed and told the white firefighters they will serve and respect Captain Clark.’’ As the main social and community center for families of the Halls Hill African American community, Station No. 8 was on the forefront of the Civil Rights Movement. There, commu-nity members advocated for a variety of causes, including the desegregation of public schools and integration of lunch counters. In 1962, construction began on a new Sta-tion No. 8 facility, which served a growing Ar-lington County population. However, in 1999, a study for the County Manager identified Sta-tion No. 8. for possible ‘‘relocation, consolida-tion, replacement or closure.’’ In 2016, after community pushback, the Arlington County Board voted to build a new Fire Station No. 8 at the Lee Highway site where the Station re-mains today. 100 years after its formation, Station No. 8 has a fully paid staff that serves the very community that preserved Station No. 8 as a Halls Hill institution. Arlington County has committed to building a new Station No. 8 that will memorialize the countless people who have sustained this community asset. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN8.014 E12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE826 June 12, 2018 
WILTON LANNING: CUSTODIAN OF A TEXAS ICON 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this year, the state of Texas mourned the loss of Wilton Lanning, the founder of the Dr Pepper Mu-seum and W.W. Clements Free Enterprise In-stitute in Waco. Texas is a state rich with history, and cer-tain people, places, and objects have become cultural icons. The Alamo, Sam Houston, Fri-day night lights, and country music, to name a few are all woven into the fabric of Texas. The popular soda Dr Pepper is one such Texas icon. While the refreshing, sweet bev-erage has become a hit with consumers around the world, Texans retain a special con-nection to the brand. Nowhere is this bond stronger than in Waco, where the soda was originally created in a corner drug store in the late 1800’s. Although the company had moved on from its original location as its business continued to grow, Lanning sought to bring the iconic brand back to Waco. He set his sights on a disused building, an abandoned bottling facil-ity, in downtown Waco to house a nonprofit museum dedicated to the heritage and history of the beloved soda. The odds were stacked against him. The city of Waco had still not completely recovered from the brutal tornado that tore through the city in 1953, and the neighborhood Lanning had his eyes on was run down and bereft of economic or social vitality. The building itself had been declared ‘‘blighted’’ by the city of Waco, hardly the ideal spot for a shrine of a world-famous soda product. There were more than a few naysayers, but Lanning did not let the doubters deter him. In-stead, he took initiative to garner support from the Dr Pepper Company and convinced them to sell the building in 1988 with the purpose of converting it into a museum. The renovation began in 1990, and Lanning oversaw the con-version of the old, decrepit building into an ex-hibition dedicated to Dr Pepper. The museum opened to the public on May 11, 1991, 38 years to the day after the dev-astating tornado swept through Waco. 10,000 visitors passed through on the first day, and they continued to come. The museum itself continued to expand from humble origins, and in 1997, the entire building was open to the public. In the same year, Lanning also helped launch the W.W. Clements Free Enterprise In-stitute, an organization housed in the museum dedicated to educating visitors on the Amer-ican economic system as personified in the soft drinks industry. Today, the museum has become a pilgrimage site for Dr Pepper aficionados from Texas and beyond, an es-sential institution to promoting the history and culture of our great state. None of this would have been possible with-out Mr. Lanning’s leadership and vision. He will be missed not only for his role in the Dr Pepper Museum but also as an active, indus-trious citizen. He served his community with unrivaled passion and zeal as an Eagle Scout, a 50-year veteran of the Rotary Club, and an expert on Waco’s history. Above all, however, the people of Waco and Texas will miss him as a friend and one whose unceasing opti-mism inspired those around him to be positive. Mr. Speaker, Wilton Lanning left an admi-rable example to imitate, and he embodied the best values of our citizenry. So next time you crack open a cold Dr Pepper, raise your glass to Mr. Lanning, a custodian of a Texas icon. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HISTORIC CA-REER OF SENATE MAJORITY LEADER MITCH McCONNELL 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Senate Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL on becoming the longest serving Republican Senate Leader with a historic tenure of 11 years, 5 months and 10 days. My dear friend and colleague from Kentucky is a masterful political strategist with a once in a generation political mind, and it gives me great pride and happiness to rec-ognize him on the achievement of this remark-able milestone. For decades, Leader M
CCONNELL has dedi- cated himself to the public service of the Na-tion, the Commonwealth of Kentucky, and the Republican Party. Guided by a deep-seeded conservatism, an unparalleled respect for our great Nation’s Constitution and the institutions of our democracy, and the ever-relevant wis-dom of our Founding Fathers, Leader M
CCON-
NELL has demonstrated unmatched political acumen and dynamic leadership. His instincts are second to none: he knows when to fight and he knows when to compromise. The Leader is calculated and tactical, with keen foresight, and he works harder than anyone in the U.S. Capitol building. As a result, he sim-ply gets things done. While he has been at the helm of our great Party during times of celebration, prosperity and jubilance, the Senator has also never hesitated to step forward and lead the Party in times of turbulence and controversy. Through it all, he has seemed unflappable. Time after time, Senator M
CCONNELL has taken on a leadership role and worked tirelessly for the Republican Party by serving as our Party’s Senate Whip, Minority Leader, and Majority Leader. While holding each of these positions, Senator M
CCONNELL has worked to unify and guide the Party in the right direction. In doing so, he has rightfully attained the confidence, respect, and admiration of his colleagues and garnered many great accomplishments in the process. As Senate Minority Leader, Senator M
CCONNELL held closely to his conservative values in spite of enormous pressure from an opposing Democratic Party in Congress and Presidential Administration. As the momentum in Congress began to turn, Senator M
CCON-
NELL once again stepped up to the challenge when his colleagues elected him as Senate Majority Leader. While holding this leadership position, he has achieved many successes, in-cluding the confirmation of Justice Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and passage of the Senate’s Tax Reform bill—both of which required a champion who was not afraid to be a target of criticism. Both victories serve as a testament to Leader MCCONNELL ’s vision as one of the finest master strategists in the his-tory of the U.S. Senate. Throughout Leader M
CCONNELL ’s tenure, he has also brought great esteem to our state and always remembered to prioritize our old Kentucky home. He has also continued to proudly represent our region since he was first elected as Senator in 1984. It has been a joy of mine to work alongside him on various bills and projects that have positively impacted Kentuckians. Together, we have worked to create jobs, support veterans, protect the coal industry, and sustain agriculture within Ken-tucky. I look forward to continuing our collabo-ration to further the prosperity of the people and communities of our beloved Southern and Eastern Kentucky. Once again, I would like to congratulate Leader M
CCONNELL for this major milestone in his career of public service. It has been a pleasure to serve alongside him in Congress and to observe these historic moments of suc-cess. I wish him many more years of contin-ued good health, happiness, and success. 
f 
FEDERAL INSURANCE OFFICE 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I will vote for the Federal Insurance Office Reform Act of 2017 because it prevents covered agreements from imposing new prudential requirements without a separate act of Congress. I am wor-ried about the availability and accessibility of nationwide data about insurance and want as-surances that this will be addressed before the bill reaches the House floor. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES ON THE 120TH ANNIVERSARY OF ITS INDEPENDENCE 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Republic of the Philippines on the 120th anniversary of its independence from Spain. On May 1, 1898, The Battle of Manila Bay signaled the United States’ entry into the war with the Spanish that the Phil-ippines had been fighting since 1896. On June 12, 1898, encouraged by support from our country, the Philippine people declared their independence after over 200 years of Spanish colonial rule. By August, the Philippines, Puer-to Rico, Cuba, and my home, Guam, officially became a part of the United States. Since earning their independence, the Phil-ippine people have suffered through years of dictatorship, martial law, and Japanese occu-pation. The people of Guam are particularly sympathetic to these atrocities, having our-selves been occupied by enemy forces during World War II. Since its independence, the Republic of the Philippines and the United States have shared a strong friendship and alliance that enhances 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K12JN8.008 E12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE827 June 12, 2018 
economic stability and security in the Asia-Pa-cific region. Additionally, many Filipinos have made the United States home. Filipino-Ameri-cans have contributed immensely to our na-tion’s prosperity. In my home district of Guam, Filipino and Filipino-American community rep-resent over one-third of the general popu-lation. They are also immense contributors to the betterment of our island and play a key role in the economic, social, and political fabric of our island and the nation as a whole. In addition, the friendship of the Filipino people has forged a bond between our nations that has only grown stronger over time. Our nations are intimately linked to one another. I join the people of Guam in celebrating the 120th anniversary of the Republic of the Phil-ippines’ independence and look forward to our countries strengthening our relationship in the years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FRANK J. LEMKE AND OTHERS WHO VOLUN-TEERED FOR PROJECT 19 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of Frank J. Lemke and many others from my district and around the country who volunteered to participate in Project 19, a secret program to aid the Allied Forces during World War II. Mr. Lemke was born in Buffalo, attended St. Mary’s School, and later attended Technical High School. After graduating, he was a ma-chinist for the Airplane Division of the Curtiss- Wright Corporation in Cheektowaga producing P–40 fighter planes. At this time, the U.S. had not formally entered World War II so American troops could not be sent to the battlefields. Winston Churchill, the Prime Minister of Great Britain, requested help from the U.S. because the British Royal Air Force’s planes were being shot down much faster than they could be repaired in North Africa. There was a great need for a repair base in that region to con-tinue the strong attack against the Nazis. At a meeting of the nation’s top U.S. airplane man-ufacturing centers, President Franklin D. Roo-sevelt authorized Project 19 to respond to this great need overseas and the Douglas Aircraft Company was selected to manage this project. Frank J. Lemke, and many other employees from the Curtiss-Wright Corporation in Cheektowaga volunteered to go on this 18- month mission to Africa. In total there were over 2,000 volunteers across the country. In the middle of the night Frank and many others crammed into a World War I troop ship and took a 50-day trip to an abandoned Italian air force base in Gura, located in the hills of North Africa. Their mission was to repair air-craft so that they would be battle ready once again and to assemble new aircraft. After the Germans were defeated in Africa, Project 19 was officially closed. American civil-ians had the choice of enlisting or returning to the U.S. and Frank decided to return home. In the Winter of 1943 Frank was on a freighter returning to the U.S. when the ship that he was on was torpedoed off the coast of South Africa. He was later picked up near Sao Paulo, Brazil, after 42 days in a 22-foot life-boat with 25 crew members. He finally arrived back to Buffalo, NY where he became a hy-draulics instructor at Curtiss-Wright’s airport plant. Unfortunately, Frank Lemke passed away on July 16, 1955, but his memory lives on in my district. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allowing me to recognize Frank J. Lemke and many others who participated in Project 19. It is important to recognize Frank and other civilian heroes who have contributed to the preservation of freedom in this great country. It is an honor to recognize these heroes who not only helped my district, but the Allied Forces win the war. f 
RECOGNIZING MAY AS NATIONAL INVENTORS MONTH 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, if any single thing epitomizes American ingenuity, it is the iconic American inventor. It is our distinct pleasure, therefore, to give special recognition to the month of May as National Inventors Month. President Lincoln considered how ‘‘certain inventions and discoveries [in history] occurred of peculiar value, on account of their great effi-ciency in facilitating all other inventions and discoveries.’’ Mr. Lincoln specified ‘‘the art of writing and of printing; the discovery of Amer-ica, and the introduction of patent laws.’’ Today, we might refer to such inventions and discoveries as ‘‘disruptive technologies.’’ National Inventors Month, 2018, it is well worth considering President Lincoln’s exal-tation of invention and, by implication, of in-ventors. Moreover, we as a nation should pause to reflect why the Sixteenth President of the United States connected patent laws with invention and ‘‘disruptive’’ advancements. No-tably, he even placed patenting of inventions on par with the discovery of America and the invention of the printing press. In the same lecture titled ‘‘Discoveries, Inventions, and Im-provements,’’ President Lincoln observed, ‘‘Before then any man [might] instantly use what another man had invented, so that the inventor had no special advantage from his in-vention. The patent system changed this, se-cured to the inventor for a limited time exclu-sive use of his inventions . . . .’’ Not only President Lincoln, but the Found-ers held this belief about securing patent rights to the intellectual fruits of one’s labor. The Founders thought it important enough to empower and encourage invention by any American so inclined, in order to advance our nation’s collective knowledge and economic strength, that they included this very special, exclusive property right within the Constitution itself. Thus, our Founders deliberately in-tended to stimulate invention by inventors from sea to shining sea—be they on farms, in fac-tories, toiling in their basements, barns, ga-rages, in corporate research and development facilities, in the laboratories of companies and of our world-class universities. President Lincoln, who has been the only U.S. president with a patent, summarized this famous, successful formula. He credited our patent system for its securing inventors’ exclu-sive rights to use their inventions as they see fit. He phrased this famously, completing the thought in the same speech. Mr. Lincoln said U.S. patents ‘‘added the fuel of interest to the fire of genius in the discovery and production of new and useful things.’’ Therefore, we proudly recognize National In-ventors Month. I encourage my fellow Ameri-cans to take this opportunity to reflect on the great benefits we daily enjoy from the inven-tions, great and small, of American inventors. f 
RECOGNIZING TERESA CARLSON, KERI SHULL, GINA STRACUZZI 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize three remarkable women—Teresa Carlson, Keri Shull, and Gina Stracuzzi—who are being honored by the Institute for Excel-lence in Sales on June 15, 2018. These awards promote and advance corporate and organizational sales excellence by recognizing individuals that have demonstrated out-standing leadership and strategic vision in Sales. Teresa Carlson is receiving the Lifetime Achievement in Sales Award. Ms. Carlson is one of the top female leaders in technology today. Teresa Carlson leads the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Worldwide Public Sector busi-ness—involving state, local, central and re-gional governments; educational institutions and Ed Techs; and non-profits and nongovern-mental organizations (NGO)—and acts as an advisor to Amazon Public Policy on global pol-icy issues. Since starting AWS’s public sector business in 2010, Ms. Carlson has driven the business’s growth that, today, accounts for 2,000 government, 4,500 education, and 17,500 nonprofit customers, and a vast part-ner ecosystem across all geographies. Keri Shull is receiving the Women in Sales Executive Leadership Award. Ranked as the #1 Real Estate Team in Virginia, Ms. Shull and her team sold 321 homes in 2017. Ms. Shull has developed an extensive team of marketing specialists who implement aggres-sive strategies using innovative technology to ensure maximum exposure for their clients’ homes. Gina Stracuzzi is the Institute for Excellence in Sales Member of the Year. Ms. Stracuzzi has led the IES Women in Sales program since 2016. She is a business development expert who has helped world-renown organi-zations substantially grow. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF JOHN C. MYERS ELEMENTARY SCHOOL IN PROMOTING STEM EDUCATION 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I believe nothing is more important to America’s future than ensuring a high-quality education for our nation’s children. In the 21st century, this in-cludes encouraging student participation in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JN8.015 E12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE828 June 12, 2018 
math, or STEM. That’s why I am proud to rep-resent an excellent institution of learning like John C. Myers Elementary School in Broad-way, Virginia, in the U.S. House of Represent-atives. John C. Myers is leading the country in promoting STEM education for young students with its STEM Lab known as Jake’s Nest. In April 2018, John C. Myers was recog-nized at the International Technology and En-gineering Educator Association’s annual con-ference. The STEM program at John C. Myers was only one of 39 programs worldwide to earn the Program Excellence Award. This prestigious award is one of the highest honors given to technology and engineering education programs at the elementary, middle, and high school levels. I commend John C. Myers Elementary for inspiring children in the Sixth Congressional District of Virginia to take an interest in STEM. Together, the teachers, administrators, and staff have cultivated a unique place of learning for their students that engages them in innova-tive educational opportunities. As the need for students educated in STEM fields grows across both the Commonwealth of Virginia and the country, John C. Myers will continue to help prepare students to meet this demand. Congratulations to John C. Myers Elementary for this well-deserved honor. Go Jakes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the Chamber on Tues-day, June 5, 2018, and Wednesday, June 6, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call votes 231, 232, 233, 236, 237, 238 and 239. I would have voted nay on Roll Call votes 234 and 235. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHARLIE ALLEN 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to honor and remember the life of Charlie Allen, a dedicated community leader and phi-lanthropist, who left a profound impact on the Marshall County Airport and the Lacon, Illinois community. Born in Peoria, Illinois in 1933, Charlie dis-played natural leadership qualities at a young age. Charlie graduated from Michigan State University in 1955 and immediately enlisted in the United States Air Force, where he first fell in love with aviation. Following Charlie’s service to our country, he returned to Lacon to run the family busi-ness, the Allen Lumber Company. In 2005, Charlie retired from the Allen Lumber Com-pany, but that did not stop him from making an impact around the community. Charlie’s love for the Lacon community is evident in his commitment to the local Rotary Club, where he never missed a meeting in over 50 years. Charlie served on numerous boards, includ-ing the First National Bank of Lacon and the Lacon Chamber of Commerce. But, everyone knew Charlie’s favorite board to serve on was the Marshall County Airport, which he was the president of from 1966 until his passing. It was Charlie’s effort that brought together the first Fly-in Breakfast, now held annually on Fa-ther’s Day, and has become one of the big-gest attractions in the area. We mourn the passing of Charlie, a friend and co-pilot to many. He left a lasting impact on those who had the pleasure of working and flying with him. His memory will be forever en-twined in the fabric of the Lacon community and the Marshall County Airport. f 
JOHN ELLIS GOLDSMITH 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise before you today to recognize John Goldsmith a na-tive of Greenville, Illinois. For well over 25 years, John has logged countless hours of dedicated service to his community. One of John’s many projects was the establishment of the Demoulin Museum. For John’s efforts in opening this museum, he was recently awarded the Daughters of the American Revolution Historic Preservation Medal. Today the Demoulin Brothers & Company is the leading maker in marching band uniforms, but they got their start making fraternal lodge initiation regalia. John and his late mother Norma amassed and preserved a collection of historic artifacts from the company that was founded in 1892. John has turned what began as a hobby with his mother into a museum that has drawn visitors from all 50 states and even inter-nationally to his hometown of Greenville. Re-cently, John has preserved a church building dating to the 1890’s to serve as the perma-nent home of the Demoulin Museum. Mr. Speaker, I wish to send my most sin-cere congratulations to John in receiving the Daughters of the American Revolution Historic Preservation Medal. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF U.S.-TAIWAN RELATIONS 
HON. GEORGE HOLDING 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the vital importance to U.S.-Taiwan relations, and for the peace, security and sta-bility of the Western Pacific, of the inaugura-tion on June 12th of a new office complex for the American Institute in Taiwan (AIT). The inauguration ceremony for this new fa-cility will be attended by a number of dig-nitaries, including Taiwan’s President Tsai Ing- wen. This event represents much more than the opening of just another new office complex in Taipei. It stands as a concrete example of the firm commitment and unbreakable bonds that exist between the peoples of the United States and Taiwan. Next year will mark the 40th anniversary of the passage and signing into law of the Tai-wan Relations Act (TRA) which has served as a cornerstone for our vigorous security, eco-nomic and people-to-people bilateral relation-ship. It was a proud moment in the history of the American Congress when we took the lead in assuring that the diplomatic recognition to Beijing would not come at the expense of Taiwan. The people of Taiwan have earned our friendship and support as they share our own dedication to democracy, human rights and a free market economy. Let us stand with Taiwan here again today by recognizing the upgrading of the American presence on Taiwan through the inauguration of this new AIT facility. f 
ALL CAPS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, they finally did it. For the first time in franchise history, the WASHINGTON CAPITALS are Stanley Cup champions. When time expired in Game 5 of the Stan-ley Cup Finals, throngs of red-clad fans inside the arena in Las Vegas and on the streets of Washington threw up their arms in jubilation, celebrating a victory that was a long time com-ing. Year after year in recent times, the CAPS posted impressive records during the regular season only to falter in the playoffs. Even this year, the CAPS found themselves with their backs against the wall throughout the playoffs, going down 0–2 in the series against Colum-bus and dropping three straight games against Tampa Bay. But the team never gave up and battled through adversity on their way to win-ning hockey’s ultimate crown. The CAPS are loaded with some of hock-ey’s top talent, from T.J. Oshie, whose daz-zling shootout moves in a Team USA jersey captivated the world at the 2014 Winter Olym-pics, to Alexander Ovechkin, one of the NHL’s most prolific goal scorers and long-time CAPS captain. And of course one cannot forget Braden Holtby, their goaltender, their masked crusader whose desperation save in Game 2 against Las Vegas embodied the CAPS’ stern resolve in achieving their goal. Included in this formidable array of players is center Lars Eller, the first Danish player to hoist the Stanley Cup. Eller proved to be vital to the CAPS in their Cup run. He scored the game-winning goal in double-overtime against Columbus to prevent the CAPS from going 0- 3 down in the series, and last week he put the puck into the Vegas goal with just minutes to go, breaking the game’s deadlock and launch-ing his team into the history books. Eller’s family and friends were watching in a movie theater back in his hometown of Rodovre, Denmark, where the clock read 2:22am at puck drop and past 5am when Eller scored his fateful goal. He has since been hailed as a hero in his native country, with accounts of his Cup-clinching goal dominating the national media on Friday morning. Mr. Speaker, the CAPITALS’ Stanley Cup triumph shows us why sports are so important to our society. They bring people together and inspire us to dream. So congratulations to Lars Eller, the rest of the CAPITALS organiza-tion, and the city of Washington on a historic victory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JN8.019 E12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE829 June 12, 2018 
Today, we are ALL CAPS. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING KE AU HAWAII, THE YEAR OF THE HAWAIIAN 
HON. COLLEEN HANABUSA 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Ke Au Hawaii, the Year of the Hawaiian, which honors Hawaii’s indige-nous people and their culture, history, and ac-complishments. Fittingly, yesterday we cele-brated Kamehameha Day, a Hawaii state holi-day honoring the Native Hawaiian monarch who first united the Hawaiian Islands under one rule. Native Hawaiians are the original settlers of the Hawaiian Islands. Over a millennium, Na-tive Hawaiians cultivated a rich culture and language that reflects the close relationship they had with their land. However, following European contact, Native Hawaiians endured a multitude of hardships that resulted in signifi-cant population and cultural declines. The ef-fects of these declines continue through today, with Native Hawaiians overrepresented in rates of homelessness, incarceration, drug use, health disparities, and many other social ills. One such hardship came in the form of an 1896 Republic of Hawaii-era law, which banned the teaching of ‘olelo Hawaii, the Ha-waiian language, in both public and private schools. Over the subsequent half-century, this law severely diminished the percentage of Hawaii’s population that could speak and un-derstand ‘olelo Hawaii. It was not until 1978 that Hawaiian was established as a co-official language of the State of Hawaii. Since then, the establishment of Hawaiian language im-mersion programs from pre-school through the college level has served as a critical incubator for language revitalization. These efforts have led to more than 20,000 fluent speakers of ‘olelo Hawaii today. At the turn of the century, prominent Native Hawaiian leaders took substantial steps to ad-dress the clear decline of an entire people. Prince Jonah Kuhio Kalanianaole, the Territory of Hawaii’s at-large congressional delegate from 1903 to 1922, authored the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, which was passed by Congress in 1921 and continues to provide homesteads for Native Hawaiians. The pur-pose of the Hawaiian Homelands is to support the self-sufficiency and community-based de-velopment of the Native Hawaiian people and the preservation of their traditions, culture, and quality of life. At the state level, the Office of Hawaiian Af-fairs (OHA) was created in 1978. OHA has evolved into an entity that perpetuates Native Hawaiian culture and advocates for Native Ha-waiian interests, providing community-building forums, loan assistance, scholarships, and many other vital opportunities to the Native Hawaiian people. The decades-long struggle for recognition and rejuvenation culminated in the Apology Resolution. Signed by President Clinton in 1993, that resolution formally apologized for the United States’ role in the illegal overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1893. The spon-sor of that resolution was the late Senator Daniel Kahikina Akaka, the first and only United States Senator of Native Hawaiian an-cestry. He was an unwavering advocate for his people over his 36 years in Congress. Senator Akaka sadly passed away this April, but his legacy of advocacy on behalf of his people lives on forever. This year, as we mark the Year of the Ha-waiian, we must remember to appreciate and affirm the vibrant contributions of Native Ha-waiians to the multicultural fabric that is the United States of America. We look to the next generation of Native Hawaiian leaders to con-tinue the important work of improving the lives of the Native Hawaiian people and advancing their strength in their homeland. Significant progress has been achieved in empowering and rejuvenating the Native Hawaiian people due to their resilience, persistence, and, above all, aloha. Theirs is a history and culture that have much to share and from which we have much to learn. Mr. Speaker, I ask my distinguished col-leagues to join me in celebrating the Native Hawaiian people and their contributions to our country. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RORY GAM-BLE FOR HIS LEADERSHIP AS DIRECTOR OF UAW REGION 1A 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rory Gamble for his work as direc-tor of the United Automotive Workers’ (UAW) Region 1A. Mr. Gamble has effectively served the working men and women of southeast Michigan through his leadership and efforts. Mr. Gamble began his career with the UAW in 1974 after joining the Ford Motor Dearborn Frame Plant as a weld fixture repairman. The following year, he was elected to the position of plant trustee and has since served a wide variety of assignments in the UAW throughout his career. These include membership on the UAW-Ford national Negotiating Team, as well as prominent roles in UAW Local 600, which currently represents 27,000 active and retired members with over 40 autonomous bargaining units in southeast Michigan. Since June 2006, Mr. Gamble has been elected to three four- year terms as director of UAW Region 1A, which covers approximately 150,000 active and retired members from the Big Three auto-makers, health care facility employees, and many other workplaces. Mr. Gamble’s efforts on behalf of the work-ers UAW represents has been critical to help-ing them secure the pay and benefits that they have earned. Because of his leadership, the UAW has been able to navigate a challenging political and economic environment while en-suring that the working men and women of southeast Michigan received pay and benefits commensurate with the important work they perform. Additionally, Mr. Gamble is active in the community, serving on numerous local or-ganizations and boards, including Bridging Communities, a collaboration between South-west Detroit businesses, labor organizations, churches and residents, as well as founding a food program for at-risk children in area public schools. As a result of his efforts, Mr. Gamble has received widespread acclaim, including re-ceiving the 1999 Spirit of Detroit Award as well as the 2006 Horace L. Sheffield Jr. Hu-manitarian Award for these and other activities in the community. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Rory Gamble for his leadership with the UAW and in the southeast Michigan community. Mr. Gamble’s career and efforts have been critical to the well-being of Michi-gan’s working men and women. f 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF HILDA HOLLEY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 100th birthday of Hilda Holley. Hilda was born on May 14, 1918 in Oxford, Alabama, as the fourth of 13 siblings. She and two other siblings are the only ones still living today. She married her late husband Ernest Holley in 1944. Hilda worked at Anniston Army Depot and on February 26, 1951, she gave birth to her son, Ernie and Hilda became a stay at home mother. Ernie was born with Down’s Syndrome, and Hilda has devoted her life to taking care of her son. Hilda attributes her long life to eating a red apple and onions every day. Besides car-ing for Ernie, Hilda spends her time reading her Bible, praying and completing crossword puzzles. Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing Hilda Holley a very happy 100th birthday. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF H.R. 6067 RODCHENKOV ANTI-DOPING ACT (RADA ACT) 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 12, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, earlier today I introduced H.R. 6067, the Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act (‘‘RADA’’) because in the realm of international sports, it has become al-most commonplace for too many athletes to yield to the temptation of bridging the gap be-tween their own skill and the pinnacle of ath-letic achievement by resorting to performance enhancing drugs. And to conceal this fall from grace, cheaters are employing increasingly sophisticated modes of masking the use of any proscribed drugs. This practice, some of it state-sanctioned, undermines international athletic competition and is often connected to more nefarious ac-tions by state actors. This is why it is necessary for Congress to enact H.R. 6067, the bipartisan Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act (‘‘RADA’’ Act) The legislation I have introduced is bipar-tisan, and bears the name of courageous whistleblower Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, a val-iant man who revealed the true extent of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A12JN8.023 E12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE830 June 12, 2018 
complex state-run doping scheme which per-mitted Russia to excel in the 2014 Sochi Win-ter Olympics, and which resulted in its ban from the 2018 Olympic Games. While he was complicit in Russia’s state-run doping program, Dr. Rodchenkov regrets his role and seeks to atone for it by aiding the ef-fort to clean up international sports and to curb the rampant corruption within Russia. The RADA Act is a serious step towards cracking down on the use of performance-en-hancing drugs in major international competi-tion because it establishes criminal penalties and civil remedies for doping fraud. A number of other nations, including Ger-many, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Italy, Sweden, Switzerland, and Spain, have embraced criminal sanctions for doping fraud violations and it is time for the United States to be added to this list. Doping fraud in major international competi-tions—like the Olympics, the World Cup and the Tour de France—is often linked with cor-ruption, bribery and money laundering. It is not just victory that criminals engaged in doping fraud snatch away from clean ath-letes—athletes depend on prize money and sponsorships to sustain their livelihoods. The United States has a large role to play in ferreting out corruption in international sports. Not only do U.S. athletes lose out on mil-lions in sponsorships, but when a U.S. com-pany spends millions to create a marketing campaign around an athlete, only to have that athlete later implicated in a doping fraud scan-dal, the damage to that company’s brand can cost tens of millions. This has been the story of Alysia Montan ˜o, a U.S. runner who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics games in London and placed fifth place in the 800 meters behind two Russian women finishing first and third. These women were later found to have en-gaged in doping fraud by the World Anti- Doping Agency, meaning that Ms. Montan ˜o had rightfully finished third, which would have earned her a bronze medal. Ms. Montan˜o estimates that doping fraud cost her ‘maybe half a million dollars, if you look at rollovers and bonuses, and that’s with-out outside sponsorship maybe coming in.’ She adds, ‘That’s not why you’re doing it, but you still deserve it.’ She certainly does. Until now, defrauded U.S. athletes and com-panies have had little recourse against doping fraud. A recent article published by The New York Times titled ‘‘U.S. Lawmakers Seek to Crim-inalize Doping in Global Competitions’’ ref-erences the RADA as a step in the right direc-tion toward criminalizing doping in international sports. The RADA is an important step to stemming the tide of Russian corruption in sport and re-storing confidence in international competition. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the New York Times article published June 12, 2018 entitled ‘‘U.S. Lawmakers Seek To Crim-inalize Doping in Global Competitions’’, which cites RADA as a step in the right direction to-ward criminalizing doping in international sports. [From the New York Times, June 12, 2018] U.S. L
AWMAKERS SEEKTOCRIMINALIZE  D
OPING IN GLOBAL COMPETITIONS  (By Rebecca R. Ruiz) United States lawmakers on Tuesday took a step toward criminalizing doping in inter-national sports, introducing a bill in the House that would attach prison time to the use, manufacturing or distribution of per-formance-enhancing drugs in global competi-tions. The legislation, inspired by the Russian doping scandal, would echo the Foreign Cor-rupt Practices Act, which makes it illegal to bribe foreign officials to gain a business ad-vantage. The statute would be the first of its kind with global reach, empowering Amer-ican prosecutors to act on doping violations abroad, and to file fraud charges of a dif-ferent variety than those the Justice Depart-ment brought against top international soc-cer officials in 2015. Although American leagues like Major League Baseball would not be affected by the legislation, which would apply only to com-petitions among countries, it could apply to a league’s athletes when participating in global events like the Ryder Cup, the Davis Cup or the World Baseball Classic. The law would establish America’s juris-diction over international sports events, even those outside of the United States, if they include at least three other nations, with at least four American athletes partici-pating or two American companies acting as sponsors. It would also enhance the ability of cheated athletes and corporate sponsors to seek damages, expanding the window of time during which civil lawsuits could be filed. To justify the United States’ broader juris-diction over global competitions, the House bill invokes the United States’ contribution to the World Anti-Doping Agency, the global regulator of drugs in sports. At $2.3 million, the United States’ annual contribution is the single largest of any nation. ‘‘Doping fraud in major international competitions also ef-fectively defrauds the United States,’’ the bill states. The lawmakers behind the bill were instru-mental in the creation of the 2012 Magnitsky Act, which gave the government the right to freeze financial assets and impose visa re-strictions on Russian nationals accused of serious human rights violations and corrup-tion. On Tuesday, the lawmakers framed their interest in sports fraud around inter-national relations and broader networks of crime that can accompany cheating. ‘‘Doping fraud is a crime in which big money, state assets and transnational crimi-nals gain advantage and honest athletes and companies are defrauded,’’ said Sheila Jack-son Lee, Democrat of Texas, who introduced the legislation on Tuesday. ‘‘This practice, some of it state-sanctioned, has the ability to undermine international relations, and is often connected to more nefarious actions by state actors.’’ Along with Ms. Jackson Lee, the bill was sponsored by two other Congressional rep-resentatives, Michael Burgess, Republican of Texas, and Gwen Moore, Democrat of Wis-consin. It was put forward just as Russia prepares to host soccer’s World Cup, which starts Thursday. That sporting event will be the nation’s biggest since the 2014 Sochi Olym-pics, where one of the most elaborate doping ploys in history took place. The bill, the Rodchenkov Anti-Doping Act, takes its name from Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, the chemist who ran Russia’s antidoping laboratory for 10 years before he spoke out about the state-sponsored cheat-ing he had helped carry out—most notori-ously in Sochi. At those Games, Dr. Rodchenkov said, he concealed widespread drug use among Russia’s top Olympians by tampering with more than 100 urine samples with the help of Russia’s Federal Security Service. Investigations commissioned by inter-national sports regulators confirmed his ac-count and concluded that Russia had cheated across competitions and years, tainting the performance of more than 1,000 athletes. In early 2017, American intelligence officials concluded that Russia’s meddling in the 2016 American election had been, in part, a form of retribution for the Olympic doping scan-dal, whose disclosures Russian officials blamed on the United States. Nations including Germany, France, Italy, Kenya and Spain have established criminal penalties for sports doping perpetrated with-in their borders. Russia, too, passed a law in 2017 that made it a crime to assist or coerce doping, though no known charges have been brought under that law to date. Under the proposed American law, crimi-nal penalties for offenders would include a prison term of up to five years as well as fines that could stretch to $250,000 for indi-viduals and $1 million for organizations. ‘‘We could have real change if people think they could actually go to jail for this,’’ said Jim Walden, a lawyer for Dr. Rodchenkov, who met with the lawmakers as they consid-ered the issue in recent months. ‘‘I think it will have a meaningful impact on coaches and athletes if they realize they might not be able to travel outside of their country for fear of being arrested.’’ The legislation also authorizes civil ac-tions for doping fraud, giving athletes who may have been cheated in competitions—as well as corporations acting as sponsors—the right to sue in federal court to recover dam-ages from people who may have defrauded competitions. Ms. Jackson Lee cited the American run-ner Alysia Montan˜o, who placed fifth in the 800 meters at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Two Russian women who placed first and third in that race were later disqualified for doping, elevating Ms. Montan˜o years later. ‘‘She had rightfully finished third, which would have earned her a bronze medal,’’ Ms. Jackson Lee said, noting the financial bene-fits and sponsorships Ms. Montan ˜o could have captured. The bill would establish a window of seven years for criminal actions and 10 years for civil lawsuits. It also seeks to protect whis-tle-blowers from retaliation, making it ille-gal to take ‘‘adverse action’’ against a per-son because he or she has disclosed informa-tion about doping fraud. Dr. Rodchenkov, who has lived in the United States since fall 2015, has been crimi-nally charged in Russia after he publicly deconstructed the cheating he said he car-ried out on orders from a state minister. ‘‘While he was complicit in Russia’s past bad acts, Dr. Rodchenkov regrets his past role in Russia’s state-run doping program and seeks to atone for it by aiding the effort to clean up international sports and to curb the corruption rampant in Russia,’’ Ms. Jackson Lee said, calling Tuesday’s bill ‘‘an important step to stemming the tide of Rus-sian corruption in sport and restoring con-fidence in international competition.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12JN8.027 E12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D657 Tuesday, June 12, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3729–S3862 Measures Introduced: Nine bills and six resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3049–3057, and S. Res. 540–545.
                                                       Page S3760 
Measures Passed: Congratulating the Washington Capitals: Senate agreed to S. Res. 542, congratulating the Wash-ington Capitals for winning the 2018 Stanley Cup hockey championship.
                                             Page S3861 
Congratulating the Florida State University Seminoles Softball Team: Senate agreed to S. Res. 543, congratulating the Florida State University Seminoles softball team for winning the 2018 Na-tional Collegiate Athletic Association Women’s Col-lege World Series.
                                                     Page S3861 
20th Anniversary of the United States Coral Reef Task Force: Senate agreed to S. Res. 544, cele-brating June 11, 2018, as the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the United States Coral Reef Task Force.
                                                                    Page S3861 
Honoring the Memory of the Victims of the Ter-rorist Attack on the Pulse Orlando Nightclub: Sen-ate agreed to S. Res. 545, honoring the memory of the victims of the terrorist attack on the Pulse Or-lando nightclub on June 12, 2016.
                  Page S3861 
All Circuit Review Act: Senate passed H.R. 2229, to amend title 5, United States Code, to pro-vide permanent authority for judicial review of cer-tain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relat-ing to whistleblowers, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment.
                                           Pages S3861–62 
2026 Federation Internationale de Football As-sociation World Cup: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H. Con. Res. 111, recognizing and supporting the efforts of the United Bid Com-mittee to bring the 2026 Federation Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) World Cup competi-tion to Canada, Mexico, and the United States, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                    Page S3862 Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                Pages S3730–54, S3756–57 
Pending: Inhofe/McCain Modified Amendment No. 2282, in the nature of a substitute.
                               Page S3730 
McConnell (for Toomey) Amendment No. 2700 (to Amendment No. 2282), to require congressional review of certain regulations issued by the Com-mittee on Foreign Investment in the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S3730 
Reed/Warren Amendment No. 2756 (to Amend-ment No. 2700), to require the authorization of ap-propriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons.
                              Page S3730 
Lee Amendment No. 2366 (to the language pro-posed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2282), to clarify that an authorization to use military force, a declaration of war, or any similar authority does not authorize the detention without charge or trial of a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States.
                                                                              Page S3730 
Reed Amendment No. 2842 (to Amendment No. 2366), to require the authorization of appropriation of amounts for the development of new or modified nuclear weapons.
                                                        Page S3748 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell (for Toomey) Amendment No. 2700 (to Amendment No. 2282) (listed above), and, in ac-cordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Thursday, June 14, 2018.
                 Page S3756 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Inhofe/McCain Modified Amendment No. 2282 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN8.REC D12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD658 June 12, 2018 
McConnell (for Toomey) Amendment No. 2700 (to Amendment No. 2282).
                                         Page S3757 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Inhofe/McCain Modified Amendment No. 2282. 
                                                                                            Page S3757 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, June 13, 2018.
                                                                                Page S3862 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: Christopher Krebs, of Virginia, to be Under Sec-retary for National Protection and Programs, Depart-ment of Homeland Security.
                Pages S3757, S3862 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3759 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S3759, S3861 
Executive Communications:                             Page S3759 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S3759–60 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3760 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3760–63 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3763–65 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S3759 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S3765–S3860 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3860 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10:03 a.m. and adjourned at 6:41 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, June 13, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S .) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, Environmental Protection Agency, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies ap-proved for full committee consideration an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Commerce, Department of Justice, Science, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tions of Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be a Member of the Board of Governors, and to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors, and Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors, both of the Federal Reserve System. FERC OVERSIGHT Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission, after receiving testimony from Kevin J. McIntyre, Chairman, and Cheryl A. LaFleur, Neil Chatterjee, Robert F. Powelson, and Richard Glick, each a Commissioner, all of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. NOMINATIONS Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Jeffrey Kessler, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, Elizabeth Ann Copeland, of Texas, and Patrick J. Urda, of Indiana, who was introduced by Senators Donnelly and Young, both to be a Judge of the United States Tax Court, and Amy Karpel, of Wash-ington, and Randolph J. Stayin, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘Helping to End Addiction and Lessen (HEAL) Substance Use Dis-orders Act of 2018’’. CHEMICAL FACILITY ANTI–TERRORISM STANDARDS PROGRAM Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards pro-gram, after receiving testimony from David Wulf, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection, National Protection and Programs Direc-torate, Department of Homeland Security; Chris P. Currie, Director, Government Accountability Office; Randall J. Eppli, Columbus Chemical Industries, Inc., Columbus, Wisconsin; Justin P. Louchheim, The Fertilizer Institute, Debra Satkowiak, Institute of Makers of Explosives, and Bill Erny, American Chemistry Council, all of Washington, D.C.; Linda Menendez, Austin Powder Company, Cleveland, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN8.REC D12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D659 June 12, 2018 
Ohio; Jesse LeGros Jr., American Federation of Gov-ernmental Employees, Galveston, Texas; and Jennifer C. Gibson, National Association of Chemical Dis-tributors, Arlington, Virginia. COST OF PRESCRIPTION DRUGS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on examining the President’s blueprint ‘American Patients First’ to lower drug prices, after receiving testimony from Alex M. Azar II, Secretary of Health and Human Services. ELECTION INTERFERENCE Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine election interference, focusing on ensuring law enforcement is equipped to target those seeking to do harm, after receiving testimony from Adam S. Hickey, Deputy Assistant Attorney Gen-eral, Department of Justice; Matthew Masterson, Na-tional Protection and Programs Directorate, Depart-ment of Homeland Security; Kenneth L. Wainstein, Davis Polk and Wardwell LLP, and Nina Jankowicz, Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars Kennan Institute, both of Washington, D.C.; and Ryan Goodman, New York University School of Law, New York, New York. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6067–6079; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 933, 935 were introduced.
                         Page H5093 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5094–95 
Reports Filed:Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5797, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid services for certain individuals with opioid use dis-orders in institutions for mental diseases, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–723); H.R. 5795, to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–724); H.R. 5801, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for requirements under the Medicaid program relating to the use of qualified prescription drug monitoring programs and pre-scribing certain controlled substances, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–725); H.R. 5808, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to require States to operate drug manage-ment programs for at-risk beneficiaries, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–726); H.R. 5810, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for an extension of the en-hanced FMAP for certain Medicaid health homes for individuals with substance use disorders, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–727); H.R. 5799, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to require as a condition of receipt of full Federal medical assistance percentage under Medicaid that State Medicaid plans have in place certain drug utilization review activities, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–728); H.R. 5796, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants for eligible enti-ties to provide technical assistance to outlier pre-scribers of opioids (H. Rept. 115–729, Part 1); H.R. 5789, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for Medicaid coverage protec-tions for pregnant and post-partum women while re-ceiving inpatient treatment for a substance use dis-order, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–730); H.R. 5477, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for a demonstration project to increase substance use provider capacity under the Medicaid program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–731); H.R. 4998, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to ensure health insurance coverage con-tinuity for former foster youth, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–732); H.R. 4005, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to allow for medical assistance under Medicaid for inmates during the 30-day period pre-ceding release from a public institution, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–733); H.R. 3192, to amend title XXI of the Social Se-curity Act to ensure access to mental health services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN8.REC D12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD660 June 12, 2018 
for children under the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–734); H.R. 224, to amend the Marine Mammal Protec-tion Act of 1972 to allow importation of polar bear trophies taken in sport hunts in Canada before the date the polar bear was determined to be a threat-ened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–735); H.R. 221, to reauthorize the Hydrographic Serv-ices Improvement Act of 1998, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–736); H.R. 5715, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for certain program integrity transparency measures under Medicare parts C and D, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–737, Part 1); H.R. 1925, to amend title XIX of the Social Se-curity Act to protect at-risk youth against termi-nation of Medicaid eligibility while an inmate of a public institution, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–738); H.R. 5798, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to require a review of current opioid pre-scriptions for chronic pain and screening for opioid use disorder to be included in the Welcome to Medicare initial preventive physical examination (H. Rept. 115–739, Part 1); H.R. 5716, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide notifications under the Medicare program to outlier prescribers of opioids (H. Rept. 115–740, Part 1); H.R. 5686, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to require prescription drug plans under Medicare part D to include information on the ad-verse effects of opioid overutilization and of coverage of nonpharmacological therapies and nonopioid medications or devices used to treat pain (H. Rept. 115–741, Part 1); H.R. 5684, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to expand eligibility for medication ther-apy management programs established under part D of the Medicare program to include certain individ-uals who are at risk for prescription drug abuse (H. Rept. 115–742, Part 1); H.R. 5675, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to require prescription drug plan sponsors under the Medicare program to establish drug man-agement programs for at-risk beneficiaries, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–743, Part 1); H.R. 5605, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for an opioid use disorder treatment demonstration program, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–744, Part 1); H.R. 5603, To amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide the Secretary of Health and Human Services authority to waive certain Medicare telehealth requirements in the case of certain treat-ment of an opioid use disorder or co-occurring men-tal health disorder, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–745, Part 1); H.R. 5590, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide for an action plan on rec-ommendations for changes under Medicare and Med-icaid to prevent opioids addictions and enhance ac-cess to medication-assisted treatment, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–746, Part 1); H.R. 4841, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to provide for electronic prior authoriza-tion under Medicare part D for covered part D drugs, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–747, Part 1); H.R. 3528, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to require e-prescribing for coverage under part D of the Medicare program of prescrip-tion drugs that are controlled substances, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–748, Part 1); H.R. 5294, to amend title 40, United States Code, to address the impact of drug abuse on eco-nomic development in Appalachia, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–749); H.R. 6072, making appropriations for the Depa1tment of Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related agencies for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–750); and H. Res. 934, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2851) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5735) to amend the United States Housing Act of 1937 to establish a demonstration program to set aside section 8 hous-ing vouchers for supportive and transitional housing for individuals recovering from opioid use disorders or other substance use disorders, and for other pur-poses; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5788) to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain inter-national mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic information on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–751).
                                                 Pages H5091–92 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Davidson to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H5025 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:21 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H5027 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN8.REC D12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D661 June 12, 2018 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Steven I. Rein, U.S. Air Force, Arlington Cemetery, Arlington, VA. 
                                                                                            Page H5028 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 224 yeas to 159 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 260.
                                                                   Pages H5028, H5076 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Synthetic Drug Awareness Act: H.R. 449, amended, to require the Surgeon General of the Pub-lic Health Service to submit to Congress a report on the effects on public health of the increased rate of use of synthetic drugs;
                                    Pages H5029–31 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the Surgeon General of the Public Health Service to submit to Congress a report on the health effects of new psychoactive substances (including synthetic drugs) use.’’.
                                            Page H5031 
Better Pain Management Through Better Data Act of 2018: H.R. 5473, amended, to direct the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to update or issue one or more guidances addressing alternative methods for data collection on opioid sparing and inclusion of such data in product labeling; 
                                                                                    Pages H5031–32 
Amending title XI of the Social Security Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behav-ioral health providers for adoption and use of cer-tified electronic health record technology: H.R. 3331, amended, to amend title XI of the Social Se-curity Act to promote testing of incentive payments for behavioral health providers for adoption and use of certified electronic health record technology; 
                                                                                    Pages H5032–34 
Indexing Narcotics, Fentanyl, and Opioids Act: H.R. 4284, amended, to establish a Federal Coordi-nator within the Department of Health and Human Services;
                                                                  Pages H5034–36 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To es-tablish a substance use disorder information dash-board within the Department of Health and Human Services, and for other purposes.’’.
                    Page H5036 
Ensuring Access to Quality Sober Living Act: H.R. 4684, amended, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Di-rector of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, and to publish and disseminate best practices for operating a recovery housing; 
                                                                                    Pages H5036–38 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To di-rect the Secretary of Health and Human Services to identify or facilitate the development of best prac-tices for operating recovery housing, and for other purposes.’’.                                                                     Page H5038 
Advancing Cutting Edge Research Act: H.R. 5002, to expand the unique research initiatives au-thority of the National Institutes of Health; 
                                                                                    Pages H5038–40 
Medicaid Institutes for Mental Disease Are De-cisive in Delivering Inpatient Treatment for Indi-viduals but Opportunities for Needed Access are Limited without Information Needed about Facil-ity Obligations Act: H.R. 5800, to require the Med-icaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission to conduct an exploratory study and report on require-ments applicable to and practices of institutions for mental diseases under the Medicaid program; 
                                                                                    Pages H5040–42 
Jessie’s Law: H.R. 5009, amended, to include in-formation concerning a patient’s opioid addiction in certain medical records;
                                  Pages H5042–43 
Safe Disposal of Unused Medication Act: H.R. 5041, amended, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to authorize the employees of a hospice program to handle controlled substances in the residence of a deceased hospice patient to assist in disposal, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 398 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 259;
                         Pages H5043, H5075–76 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To amend the Controlled Substances Act to authorize the employees of a hospice program to handle con-trolled substances lawfully in the possession of a de-ceased hospice patient for the purpose of disposal.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H5076 
Substance Use Disorder Workforce Loan Repay-ment Act of 2018: H.R. 5102, to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a loan repayment program for substance use disorder treatment em-ployees;
                                                                   Pages H5045–47 
Preventing Overdoses While in Emergency Rooms Act of 2018: H.R. 5176, amended, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to pro-vide coordinated care to patients who have experi-enced a non-fatal overdose after emergency room dis-charge;
                                                                     Pages H5047–49 
Stop Counterfeit Drugs by Regulating and En-hancing Enforcement Now Act: H.R. 5228, amend-ed, to strengthen the authorities of the Food and Drug Administration to address counterfeit drugs, il-legal and synthetic opioids, and opioid-like sub-stances;
                                                                    Pages H5049–52 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN8.REC D12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD662 June 12, 2018 
Treatment, Education, and Community Help to Combat Addiction Act of 2018: H.R. 5261, amend-ed, to amend the Public Health Service Act to pro-vide for regional centers of excellence in substance use disorder education;
                                   Pages H5052–53 
Reinforcing Evidence-Based Standards Under Law in Treating Substance Abuse Act of 2018: H.R. 5272, amended, to ensure that programs and activities that are funded by a grant, cooperative agreement, loan, or loan guarantee from the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, and whose pur-pose is to prevent or treat a mental health or sub-stance use disorder, are evidence-based; 
                                                                                    Pages H5053–55 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To pro-vide additional guidance to grantees seeking funding to treat or prevent mental health or substance use disorders.’’.
                                                                    Page H5055 
Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act of 2018: H.R. 5327, amended, to amend title V of the Public Health Service Act to establish a grant pro-gram to create comprehensive opioid recovery cen-ters, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 383 yeas to 13 nays, Roll No. 258;
                      Pages H5055–57, H5074–75 
Poison Center Network Enhancement Act of 2018: H.R. 5329, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and enhance the poison center national toll-free number, national media campaign, and grant program;
     Pages H5057–59 
Eliminating Opioid Related Infectious Diseases Act of 2018: H.R. 5353, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and expand a program of surveillance and education, carried out by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, regarding infections associated with injection drug use;
                                                                            Pages H5059–60 
Special Registration for Telemedicine Clarifica-tion Act of 2018: H.R. 5483, amended, to impose a deadline for the promulgation of interim final reg-ulations in accordance with section 311(h) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 831(h)) speci-fying the circumstances in which a special registra-tion may be issued to a practitioner to engage in the practice of telemedicine;
                                Pages H5060–61 
Abuse Deterrent Access Act of 2018: H.R. 5582, amended, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a re-port on barriers to accessing abuse-deterrent opioid formulations for individuals enrolled in a plan under part C or D of the Medicare program;
   Pages H5061–63 
Amending title XI of the Social Security Act to require States to annually report on certain adult health quality measures: H.R. 5583, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to require States to an-nually report on certain adult health quality meas-ures;                                                                          Pages H5063–64 
Medicare Opioid Safety Education Act of 2018: H.R. 5685, to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide educational resources regarding opioid use and pain management as part of the Medicare & You handbook;
                         Pages H5064–66 
Empowering Pharmacists in the Fight Against Opioid Abuse Act: H.R. 4275, amended, to provide for the development and dissemination of programs and materials for training pharmacists, health care providers, and patients on indicators that a prescrip-tion is fraudulent, forged, or otherwise indicative of abuse or diversion;
                                            Pages H5066–67 
Alternatives to Opioids (ALTO) in the Emer-gency Department Act: H.R. 5197, amended, to di-rect the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a demonstration program to test alternative pain management protocols to limit the use of opioids in emergency departments;
          Pages H5067–69 
Peer Support Communities of Recovery Act: H.R. 5587, amended, to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize certain recovery services grants to be used to establish regional technical as-sistance centers; and
                                         Pages H5069–71 
Creating Opportunities that Necessitate New and Enhanced Connections That Improve Opioid Navigation Strategies Act of 2018: H.R. 5812, to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to carry out certain activities to prevent controlled substances overdoses.
                 Pages H5071–74 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:16 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H5074 
Quorum Calls Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5075, H5075–76, H5076. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:36 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
TRANSITIONAL HOUSING FOR RECOVERY IN VIABLE ENVIRONMENTS DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM ACT; STOP THE IMPORTATION AND TRAFFICKING OF SYNTHETIC ANALOGUES ACT OF 2017; SECURING THE INTERNATIONAL MAIL AGAINST OPIOIDS ACT OF 2018 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 5735, the ‘‘Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN8.REC D12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D663 June 12, 2018 
Act’’; H.R. 2851, the ‘‘Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 5788, the ‘‘Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–4, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 2851 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–74 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 5735 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–73 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the re-port equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Finally, in section 3, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 5788 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment printed in part C of the Rules Committee report, modified by the amendment printed in part D of the report, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman Brady of Texas, and Represent-atives Jackson Lee, Griffith, Barr, Rohrabacher, Max-ine Waters of California, Bishop of Michigan, Faso, and Pascrell. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘2018 Farm Bill’’, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the National Tele-communications and Information Administration, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water and Power, to hold hearings to examine S. 3001, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Valley Project, H.R. 132, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and appurtenances of the Arbuckle Project, Oklahoma, to the Arbuckle Master Conservancy District, and H.R. 1967, to amend the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to authorize pumped storage hydro-power development utilizing multiple Bureau of Rec-lamation reservoirs, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine innovation and America’s infrastructure, focusing on the effects of emerging autonomous tech-nologies on America’s roads and bridges, 10 a.m., SD–406. Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regulatory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to ex-amine the Army Corps’ regulation of surplus water and the role of states’ rights, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Kimberly Breier, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Western Hemisphere Affairs), Kenneth S. George, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, and Joseph N. Mondello, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN8.REC D12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD664 June 12, 2018 of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Trin-idad and Tobago, all of the Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider S. 2836, to assist the De-partment of Homeland Security in preventing emerging threats from unmanned aircraft and vehicles, S. 3041, to amend the Robert T. Safford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act to provide for disaster recovery re-forms, S. 2392, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to designate cybersecurity technologies that qualify for pro-tection under systems of risk and litigation management, S. 2948, to improve efforts to identify and reduce Gov-ernmentwide improper payments, S. 1204, to authorize the United States Postal Service to carry out emergency suspensions of post offices in accordance with certain pro-cedures, S. 3027, to save taxpayer money and improve the efficiency and speed of intragovernmental correspondence, S. 2374, to amend the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, including mak-ing changes to the Do Not Pay Initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, S. 3031, to amend chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code, to improve the management of Federal personal property, S. 2397, to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to establish a data frame-work to provide access for appropriate personnel to law enforcement and other information of the Department, S. 2896, to require disclosure by lobbyists of convictions for bribery, extortion, embezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax evasion, fraud, conflicts of interest, making false state-ments, perjury, or money laundering, S. 2276, to require agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommenda-tions in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress, S. 2549, to designate the United States Postal Service located at 1234 Saint Johns Place in Brooklyn, New York, as the ‘‘Major Robert Odell Owens Post Of-fice’’, S. 2692, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4581, to require the Secretary of Home-land Security to develop best practices for utilizing ad-vanced passenger information and passenger name record data for counterterrorism screening and vetting oper-ations, H.R. 5079, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Security to develop an engagement strategy with fusion centers, H.R. 4567, to require a Department of Homeland Secu-rity overseas personnel enhancement plan, H.R. 1496, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’, H.R. 2673, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’, H.R. 3183, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madison Highway in Pal-myra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’, H.R. 4301, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4406, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4463, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’, H.R. 4574, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’, H.R. 4646, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4685, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. Andrew McKenna Jr. Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4840, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Opportunities to Provide for Illicit Opioid Interdiction and Detection Act of 2018’’, and the nominations of Kelly Higashi, to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, Fred-erick M. Nutt, of Virginia, to be Controller, Office of Federal Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget, and Emory A. Rounds III, of Maine, to be Director of the Office of Government Ethics, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider H.R. 1491, to reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians; to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office high risk list, fo-cusing on turning around vulnerable Indian programs, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine confronting sexual harassment and other workplace mis-conduct in the Federal judiciary, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense, markup on the FY 2019 State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill, 10 a.m., H–140 Capitol. Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 Defense Ap-propriations Bill; and the FY 2019 Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill, 12 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN8.REC D12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D665 June 12, 2018 Defense Aviation Safety Mishap Review and Oversight Process’’, 10 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Power of Charter Schools: Promoting Opportunity for America’s Students’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, markup on H.R. 2345, the ‘‘National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5709, the ‘‘PIRATE Act’’; H.R. 3994, the ‘‘ACCESS BROADBAND Act’’; and H.R. 4881, the ‘‘Precision Agriculture Connectivity Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, markup on H.R. 6032, the ‘‘State of Modern Application, Research, and Trends of IoT Act’’, 11 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Financial Industry Regulation: the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and In-vestment, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Effectiveness, Fair-ness, and Transparency in Securities Law Enforcement’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Mid-dle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘The Middle East and North Africa: Ensuring Resources Match Objec-tives’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 4423, the ‘‘North Texas Water Supply Security Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5954, the ‘‘Anti-terrorism Clarification Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5904, the ‘‘NOPEC’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2365, the ‘‘Desert Community Lands Act’’; H.R. 2606, the ‘‘Stigler Act Amendments of 2017’’; H.R. 3744, the ‘‘Tribal Recognition Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5787, the ‘‘Strengthening Coastal Communities Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 5874, the ‘‘Restoring Accountability in the In-dian Health Service Act of 2018’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Impact of Category Management on the Small Business Industrial Base’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, hearing on H.R. 2787, the ‘‘VET MD Act’’; H.R. 3696, the ‘‘Wounded Warrior Workforce Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5521, the ‘‘VA Hiring Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 5693, the ‘‘Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act’’; H.R. 5864, the ‘‘VA Hospitals Establishing Leadership Per-formance Act’’; H.R. 5974, the ‘‘VA COST SAVINGS Enhancements Act’’; H.R. 5938, the ‘‘Veterans Serving Veterans Act of 2018’’; and H.R. 6066, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the productivity of the management of Department of Veterans Affairs health care, and for other purposes, 3 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: to hold hearings to examine employer perspectives on multiemployer pension plans, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12JN8.REC D12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD666 June 12, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, June 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Begin consideration of H.R. 5788—Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule), H.R. 5735—Transi-tional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act (Subject to a Rule), and H.R. 2851—Stop Importation and Trafficking of Syn-thetic Analogues Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E825, E827 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E826 Bost, Mike, Ill., E822 Carter, John R., Tex., E822 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E824 Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E823 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E821 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E823, E829 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E827 Gosar, Paul, Ariz., E821, E827 Hanabusa, Colleen, Hawaii, E829 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E827 Holding, George, N.C., E828 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E829 Katko, John, N.Y., E821, E822, E822, E824, E825 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E823 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E825 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E828 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E824 Poe, Ted, Tex., E826, E828 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E824 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E826 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E829 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E824, E826, E828 Shimkus, John, Ill., E828 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E821 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E823 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E822 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:23 Jun 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12JN8.REC D12JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST