Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H611 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 2018 No. 15 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We also give You thanks that You have given to us the goals of justice and the designs of freedom and that these are our herit-age as Americans. Bless the Members of the people’s House with the understanding that it is their work to develop the strategies and the plans for achieving those goals and the trust to know that Your spirit is with them in their work. Grace this assembly with the resolve to be faithful in its tasks, responsible in its actions, and fervent in its desire to serve a nation which so many hope will live beyond the current difficulties into an ever greater realization of both justice and freedom. May all that is done today be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. Pursuant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 694, the Jour-nal of the last day’s proceedings is ap-proved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. W
ENSTRUP ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WENSTRUP led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 20 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. THE MEMO SHOULD BE RELEASED (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Members have been given access to a top secret memo by the House Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence regarding the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act. The memo is disturbing. Mr. Speaker, for years I have worked to rein in FISA’s abuse of Americans’ constitutional rights. The memo, along with supporting evidence from other government agencies, should imme-diately be declassified. Despite the shutdown, the process to release this document to the American public and the media has begun. There is also an overclassification of documents by government. They have nothing to do with national security. The American people and the media must see what our government is doing in secret without America’s knowledge. The memo is proof that government cannot be trusted. In the words of Thomas Jefferson, ‘‘Educate and in-form the whole mass of people. . . . They are the only sure reliance for the preservation of our liberty.’’ Mr. Speaker, the memo shows this is not the America our forefathers envi-sioned. And that is just the way it is. f 
DAY THREE OF THE SHUTDOWN (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, day three of this shutdown, thousands and thousands of Federal employees not working. The leader of the Republicans in the Senate has moved with some offer that would hopefully be some-thing to start with, but I applaud the Democratic leadership in the other body because they have been focusing on what we want, and that is parity, national security parity for children’s healthcare and federally qualified health clinics and veterans. But the people who have imploded this, of course, are the President and his staff, with vulgarity and then breaking up a deal last Friday. So, if we are serious, we need to be able to work on what the issues are, and that is domestic spending to have parity to ensure that the families of our soldiers are, likewise, provided for. I support the national security needs of this Nation, as a Homeland Security member since the tragic and heinous terrorist act of 9/11. I believe national security goes with providing for their families. When are we going to do that and provide for innocent DREAMers who have done nothing but come to this country to be able to do what is right? Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing res-olution that would immediately open and reopen the government with a clean CR while negotiations continue on a budget agreement that adheres to the parity and on other critical issues so that we can end the Trump shut-down. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). A unanimous consent request for the consideration of that measure would have to receive clearance by the majority and minority floor and com-mittee leaderships. The Chair is un-aware of such clearance; therefore, the Chair cannot entertain that request at this time. 
f 
DEMOCRATS ARE VOTING AGAINST CHIP (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this 3-day Senate Demo-cratic government shutdown is wrong, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JA7.000 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH612 January 22, 2018 
and it is time for the Senate Demo-crats to do their job. They voted against a noncontrover-sial continuing resolution that fully funded the Children’s Health Insurance Program for 6 years. This is perplexing because, for the past several months, nearly every Democrat has cited CHIP as one of their most important prior-ities—but, apparently, it is not more important than playing politics. Senate Democrats who voted against providing healthcare to 9 million vul-nerable children need to be held ac-countable. The total number of children enrolled in the CHIP program in Pennsylvania in fiscal year 2016 was 342,268. That means that 12.8 percent of children in Pennsylvania are at risk of losing healthcare because of Senate Demo-crats playing partisan politics. Putting politics before the well-being of kids living in poverty and finan-cially distressed homes is flat-out wrong. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to call on the Sen-ators who have been blocking funding the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram to open the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, nobody benefits from the politics of a government shutdown, and millions of children are being hurt. 
f 
SHARING IN THE FRUSTRATION OF THE AMERICAN PUBLIC (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I share the frustration of the American public who overwhelmingly support protecting young DREAMers, author-izing the Children’s Health Program and the community health centers that serve them, and funding government long term, not week to week. Part of the solution is obvious: Don-ald Trump should not be in the nego-tiations, in part, because he doesn’t un-derstand the complexities. Indeed, it appears he doesn’t even understand the basics. He frequently changes his mind, agreeing with what he last saw on FOX News or heard from the last person he talked to. The weekend news was filled with ac-counts of his confusion and how de-structive his participation has been, acknowledged by Republicans and Democrats alike, even frustrating his own staff. Maybe it is time to just ignore Don-ald Trump and his tweets, send him lots of cheeseburgers, and keep this news off FOX. Without Trump’s par-ticipation, we will reach a better solu-tion, and we will do it faster. 
f 
SOUTH CAROLINA NATIONAL GUARD DESERVES BETTER (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, South Caro-linians saw the damaging impacts of the Schumer shutdown: 2,200 service-members in the South Carolina Na-tional Guard who had drill scheduled were forced to go home after driving across the State from all over the Southeast. I know firsthand of the dis-ruption, as a Guard veteran myself and grateful dad of three sons who have served in the Guard overseas. Additionally, 70 soldiers who were op-erating on Active Duty Operational Support orders had their orders termi-nated and will no longer have insur-ance or income as of today. Approxi-mately 750 Federal technicians who handle mechanics for the South Caro-lina National Guard will be laid off today. This is not only devastating to fami-lies, it will negatively impact the read-iness of our forces, which I recognize as chairman of the Readiness Sub-committee. The Guard has 80 soldiers who were planning to attend necessary training this weekend, but those drills have been canceled, resulting in sol-diers not being qualified or eligible for promotion due to missing training. This serves as a sad example of just the impact on the South Carolina Guard members. Senate Democrats need to stop holding military funding hostage. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
FIND COMMON GROUND AND END GRIDLOCK (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, on the third day of this reckless govern-ment shutdown, I rise to urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to find common ground and end this grid-lock. Families in Arizona and America are hurting. It is past time for Congress to come together to boost our military. We must reauthorize funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, community health centers, and the Special Diabetes Program for Tribal communities, and many others. Mr. Speaker, we can’t go back to business as usual and continue to fund our military a few weeks at a time. Secretary Mattis and our military leaders have been clear about the dire impacts of continuing resolutions on our national security time and time again throughout this year. We are facing increasing global threats. We cannot undermine our de-fense leaders and our troops by refus-ing to work together. We are here to solve problems. For our brave service-members and families across our com-munities, let’s get the job done. 
f 
WE NEED TO KEEP THE GOVERNMENT OPEN (Mr. ROKITA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, we have done our job. President Trump is doing his. The House has passed a spending bill that keeps our government open, funds our military, and helps protect healthcare for millions of low-income children, but Senate Democrats only want to obstruct President Trump. They are opposed to a bill that has ev-erything in it that they are not op-posed to, but they hold out for more. Why? Because they are putting amnesty for illegal immigrants above law-abiding citizens. This is unacceptable. They are putting amnesty for illegal immigrants ahead of healthcare for low-income children. They are putting amnesty for illegal immigrants ahead of funding our mili-tary. They won’t allow anything that in-cludes President Trump’s wall. This is inexcusable. We need border security. We need to keep our govern-ment open. We need to fund our mili-tary. And we need to provide healthcare for millions of low-income children. This is not a complicated matter, and voters should hold Democrats in the House and Senate responsible. f 
SHUTDOWN IS UNNECESSARY CRISIS (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, this shutdown is an unnecessary, self-cre-ated crisis driven by an unwillingness to compromise. The American people deserve better. There are bipartisan solutions avail-able, solutions that responsibly fund our government and address the urgent priorities, from children’s health and community healthcare centers, to DREAMers, to disaster relief. I have been meeting with Members on both sides of the aisle, including the Problem Solvers Caucus, and I know there is a real willingness to get this done. What we need is congressional leadership and a President willing to negotiate and allow a vote. We are almost 4 months into the fis-cal year with no budget. We passed three continuing resolutions since Sep-tember, but we cannot continue with these endless short-term patches. They are irresponsible, hurt our Nation, and hamper our military’s ability to plan for the future. The Navy’s Secretary likened it to putting $4 billion in a trash can, pouring lighter fluid on it, and setting it on fire. The clock is ticking. The last shut-down in 2013 cost our economy $24 bil-lion. This won’t be resolved by one side going it alone. Let’s end the political games, stop the finger-pointing, and do the work the American people sent us here to do. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.002 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H613 January 22, 2018 
Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing res-olution that would immediately reopen the government while negotiations can continue on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and on other critical issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appro-priate clearance. 
f 
SHEDDING LIGHT ON THE STORY OF AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT ON TRIAL IN CALIFORNIA (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, we are now 60 hours into the Schumer shut-down only because Senate and House Democrats would like to join them in forcing through an unfinished, hurried immigration policy. This fellow here—I am not even going to name his name—is on trial in north-ern California for killing two police of-ficers. He was twice deported from Ari-zona. When the killings were described by others in the court, this fellow laughed and smiled as it was recalled. He then launched into a profane tirade, claim-ing his only regret is he didn’t kill more than two officers and that he would escape from jail and he would do it again. I will even quote part of him, if I can: 
I don’t blank regret that. The only thing I blanking regret is that I only killed two. I wish I blank killed more. I will break out soon, and I will kill more. 
He has promised, when he gets out, he will kill more. Does anybody out there believe that, under current policy, with the sieve of a border that we have, he won’t fulfill that promise? Do we think that the families of Danny Oliver and Michael Davis or the families of Kate Steinle and Jamiel Shaw, Jr., have confidence that isn’t going to happen? 
f 
b1215 REOPEN THE GOVERNMENT BEFORE PEOPLE GET HURT (Ms. D
ELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, at the heart of this government shutdown is the President and the Republicans’ in-ability to govern, except to give huge tax cuts to the 1 percent and their cor-porate donors. The Constitution empowers Congress to appropriate the funds for the general well-being and for national defense. In-stead, the Republicans are asking us to fund the government 30 days at a time. We will not be lectured on the health and the safety of our children by a party who has refused to fund commu-nity health centers, a party who dragged their feet for months while the families of children on CHIP were ter-rified about the future of the program. If they are so concerned about chil-dren’s health, they would make the Children’s Health Insurance Program permanent. But this is not about CHIP. Do not insult the intelligence of the American people. Just look what hap-pened in the Senate. They refused to take up a permanent CHIP bill. Repub-licans are using CHIP as a bargaining chip and nothing more. Do not hide behind our children. Re-open this government before people get hurt. We will not cave in to bullying and brinksmanship. We are here to gov-ern, not to play a game of chicken. We need to meet the needs of the middle class and working families, and we need to fund our government programs. f 
OPEN THE GOVERNMENT AND FULFILL OUR PROMISES (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to speak on behalf of west Tennesseeans and the millions of Americans who are being hurt by the Schumer shutdown. Let me be clear from the very start: this shutdown rests solely on the shoulders of Senate Democrats. Just like me, they were elected to Congress to solve problems and, instead, they are playing political games and putting American lives at stake. The Democrats chose to shut down the government over something that we have plenty of time to discuss. Meanwhile, they are damaging critical programs that protect American citi-zens. Let’s think about what is at stake: 9 million children rely on the Children’s Health Insurance Program— 9 million innocent children; 2 million servicemembers are currently going unpaid; 100,000 National Guardsmen have been sent home; pilot training has stopped; half of the civilian employees at the Department of Defense have been sent home. Right now, our Nation is less safe be-cause Democrats are putting non-U.S. citizens over U.S. citizens. It is simply un-American. It is shameful and it is reckless. This Schumer shutdown is an embarrassment to the Democrats. On Thursday, House Republicans did their jobs. Let’s work together and get our jobs done. Let’s open this govern-ment back up and fulfill our promises to the American people. 
f 
OPERATING UNDER A CONTINUING RESOLUTION IS UNWISE (Mr. D
EFAZIO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, think back to school. You go to your teacher and say: My term paper is not done yet. Can I get an extension? Well, okay, as a reasonable teacher, you can give them an excuse maybe once. Twice, not very many. Three times, I never knew a teacher like that. Four times, no way. You are 114 days late with the budget for the government of the United States of America, which includes the military and everything else that you are carrying on about. Let’s listen to Secretary Mattis talk-ing about your continuing resolutions running the government bit by bit: Operating under a continuing resolution is unwise as can be. It makes us rigid. We can-not deal with new and revealing threats. 
We know our enemies are not stand-ing still. You are bragging about funding the government for 30 days? You have not done your most basic function as a ruling majority of the House, the Senate, and the White House, and that is, to give us proper funding for the entire government. In transportation, we have lost $1.4 billion. That is 21,000 jobs. Do your job. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. 
f 
SENATE SHOULD END THE SHUTDOWN (Mr. WENSTRUP asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, let’s set the record straight. Yesterday, Democratic Senator D
ICKDURBIN said that part of the reason for the shut-down is that this is the fourth CR this term. Why do we have CRs—continuing res-olutions? Well, when Congress doesn’t pass ap-propriations, a CR is the only choice other than a shutdown. The House of Representatives passed all of our appropriations bills for this year. Senate Democrats have delib-erately impeded the legislative process in the Senate, and no appropriations bills have been passed in their Chamber this term. When Senate Democrats leave no choice but a CR, don’t com-plain about a CR. Mr. Speaker, this is no way to run a government. Recognizing the damage that occurs with a shutdown, the House again rose to the occasion and passed a continuing resolution with content that both sides agree with. The House of Representatives has done their job. We want to keep our government open. If only Senate Democrats would end this Schumer-led shutdown. 
f 
ECONOMIC COST OF A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this is not a game. Congressional Republicans who own the House, the Senate, and the White 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.004 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH614 January 22, 2018 
House refuse to work out a bipartisan compromise to keep the Federal Gov-ernment open. This not only disrupts the lives of millions of Americans, but it may have real harmful economic consequences. The Trump shutdown sends exactly the wrong message. It projects chaos. It can hurt business confidence, tap-ping the brakes of economic growth. In 2013, the last time the congres-sional leaders shut down the govern-ment, the economy took a real hit. The nonpartisan Bureau of Economic Anal-ysis found that the shutdown lowered GDP growth by 0.3 percentage points on an annualized basis. Economic ana-lysts at Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s, and Goldman Sachs estimated it may have cost our economy $24 billion, about $1.5 billion per day. Our economy depends on faith in our government institutions. Let’s not do anything to jeopardize it. Let’s stop this dangerous game. Open the govern-ment. Fund the government. 
f 
URGING SENATE DEMOCRATS TO REOPEN THE GOVERNMENT (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, last week the House voted to keep the gov-ernment open with legislation that, on any other day, every Member would have supported. It funded the govern-ment and it reauthorized CHIP for 6 years, a program that 24,000 Montana children depend on for their healthcare needs. On any other day, these proposals would pass with broad bipartisan sup-port, but my colleagues on the other side of the aisle in this Chamber op-posed it and 44 Senate Democrats op-posed it. And for what? An unrelated immigration issue that can be addressed before March. What has been the result of these misplaced priorities? The government shutdown. More than 2 million servicemen and -women aren’t being paid; 9 million American children, including 24,000 in Montana, are losing their healthcare insurance. My colleagues in the Senate will soon consider reopening the government. I urge them, particularly the 44 Senate Democrats who voted for the Schumer shutdown, to reopen the government, pay our troops, and restore health in-surance to children. 
f 
PASS A BILL THAT INCLUDES FUNDING FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS AND OTHER HEALTH PROGRAMS (Mr. PALLONE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, Repub-licans claim that they have taken care of children’s health insurance, but that is not the case. They politicized CHIP by adding it to this controversial con-tinuing resolution. If they were really interested in children’s health, they would have considered passing this bill separately from the continuing resolu-tion, and we could have included fund-ing for community health centers and other health programs critical to our seniors. Without an extension of funding for community health centers, the future of 142 centers in my State would be in jeopardy. These centers are where more than 200,000 New Jersey kids receive care when they get sick. You can’t stand up for children’s health when you are refusing to fund community health centers. For weeks, we had been conducting bipartisan negotiations on CHIP, com-munity health centers, and all of the other extenders that are critical to Medicare and to seniors, but Repub-licans tossed that all aside in favor, yet again, of partisanship. Republicans de-cided that the Medicare providers, the safety net hospitals, and community health centers didn’t matter. It is time for the partisanship to end. Let’s get back to the negotiating table and work to pass a bill that includes the extenders, CHIP, community health centers, and all of these other healthcare programs. There is no rea-son we shouldn’t be conducting those negotiations today. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to bring up H.R. 4872, the End the Shutdown Act of 2018, a continuing res-olution that would immediately reopen the government while negotiations continue on a budget agreement that adheres to parity and other critical issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appro-priate clearance. f 
SCHUMER SHUTDOWN (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, during times of strife and stagnation, the most pow-erful tool we have at our disposal is the power of prayer. It is with that in mind that I offer my most heartfelt prayers for the men and women serving in uniform who are going without pay, and for the 9 mil-lion children forgoing access to critical healthcare during this Schumer shut-down. House Republicans fulfilled our bi-partisan mission to responsibly fund the government, support our troops, and reauthorize CHIP for the children who rely on the program. The reason that Senator S
CHUMER and Senate Democrats shut down the government is plain and simple. They value the de-mands of illegal immigrants more than they value the needs of American citi-zens. It is now the third day of the Schu-mer shutdown and that is 3 days too many in my book. I pray that the Sen-ate Democrats who have shut down our government will soon see reason and will fund the government. Our citizens deserve better. End the Schumer shutdown. f 
REPUBLICANS NEED TO OFFER MEDICAL EXTENDERS (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to not speak about Alabama winning the national championship. Mr. Speaker, the reason we are here is because Republicans care more about the extremely wealthy than they do about average American citizens. They got together and passed a tax scam bill that gave 86 percent of the moneys to the top 1 percent in our society. They gave crumbs to the middle class that will expire, unlike the corporate cuts they gave that will not expire. And then they come up with a chil-dren’s healthcare plan as a bargaining chip to get what is not a clean CR through, but a CR where they took funds that will help the ACA continue and take those down for 2 years so the ACA is further crippled. To hear the Republicans talk about their care for healthcare is laughable. They were never for Medicaid or Medi-care or the Affordable Care Act. They are not for a permanent children’s healthcare plan. They are not for com-munity health centers, where 40 per-cent of those CHIP children get their healthcare. If they wanted to bring the govern-ment back and get us open, they would offer us the medical extenders like Mr. P
ALLONE talked about. This is unfortu-nate. We should get past this and we should stop our mantra that the Re-publicans have learned. 
f 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Texas will state her parliamentary inquiry. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the parliamentary inquiry is the utiliza-tion of the words ‘‘illegal immigra-tion’’ being used against the well-stat-ed policies of the United States dealing with respecting people who come to this country. My question is the terminology being used to indict Democrats, the Demo-cratic Party, and it is maligning hard-working Americans who came from an immigrant background. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will not interpret the meaning of a Member’s remarks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.006 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H615 January 22, 2018 
MOURNING THE DEATHS OF FOUR LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS FROM YORK COUNTY, SOUTH CAROLINA (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. In the early morning hours of Tuesday, January 16, four law enforcement officers were am-bushed while responding to a domestic call in York County, South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, Detective Mike Doty, who had been with the York County Sheriff’s Office for 12 years, was slain in the line of duty. Today, Detective Doty will be laid to rest, and our hearts grieve and mourn at the loss of one of our bravest. Our hearts especially ache for all his loved ones: James, Katherine, Joshua, Patri-cia, Michelle, Christina, Diana, Shane, and his twin brother, Chris, who served with him. They will continue to remain in our prayers. In the Gospel of Matthew 5:4, we are told that God heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds. May we take solace in this verse and always re-member that the Lord is with us. May God bless the family of Michael Doty. 
f 
LET’S REASON TOGETHER (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of differences on this floor, and we are supposed to have differences. That is why there are 435 of us. Unfortu-nately, those differences have not been reconciled, and the Federal Govern-ment has been closed now in its third day. It is not helpful, however, today or in the coming days, as we try to resolve these differences, for Members to take to the floor and impugn the integrity of one another. It is not helpful, for ex-ample, for the President of the United States, through his campaign at his di-rection, to run television ads that ac-cuse Democrats who oppose the budget measure of being complicit in murder. It is not helpful for the Vice Presi-dent, overseas, in front of troops who serve this country with honor and dig-nity, to make a partisan speech accus-ing Democrats of not having their back. It is not fair to have Members come to this floor and suggest that those troops won’t be paid when that Member knows that is not true. Let’s reason together. Let’s treat one another with some dignity and bridge the gap that exists between us. 
f 
DACA (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, yester-day, I said, at this podium, that the resolution to the Schumer shutdown is simple: Senate Democrats need to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the short-term funding bill, and the government reopens, pay-checks get processed for our troops, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program is up and running. It is that simple. Understand this: the Senate Demo-crats chose to shut down the govern-ment because they have more interest in creating a false deadline to address the DACA issues. The fact is the legis-lative process is already underway to address DACA. I’m cosponsoring the Securing Amer-ica’s Future Act which not only ad-dresses DACA but actually takes meas-ures to make sure we actually solve the problem in the long term, including securing our borders, which is a big part of addressing the heroin crisis we have in our country. Let’s end the Schumer shutdown, re-open the government, and continue our work to address the critical issues fac-ing our country. f 
DREAMERS (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, a precocious 10-year-old named Stella reminded me yesterday that we teach our children in kindergarten that it doesn’t matter who starts a problem, what counts is that we end it. She asked me how it is that once we become adults we somehow forget that basic lesson. Looking at Washington right now, I didn’t have a good answer for her or for my many constituents who are frus-trated by this shutdown. Just because the President and some in the Congress aren’t doing their jobs doesn’t mean our Federal workers should not be able to do theirs. So what do we need? We need real commitment and compromise, not more partisan rhetoric like we have heard today. We have to get this done, get it done right, and get it done soon. Our national security, our Federal workforce, those who serve our country in uniform, our DREAMers, and all of our constituents are depending on us. 
f 
OPEN THE GOVERNMENT (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, 2
1⁄2days ago, Democrats shut down the Federal Government in an attempt to score political points at the expense of the American people. Democrats chose to ignore the im-pact that this has on our Nation. Over 2 million troops go unpaid as they bravely continue to serve and protect us. Nine million American children— 16,000 of whom reside in Orange Coun-ty—don’t have the long-term assurance of healthcare coverage. Mr. Speaker, this is no way to run a government. The vast majority of Democrats do not disagree with any part of the House-passed continuing resolution, yet they chose to shutter the Government over unrelated issues. Democrat leadership chose this reck-less course of action at the expense of the American people. Open the government. Stop this reck-less political ploy, and let us get on with serving the American people. f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, it is im-portant for us to understand why we are here. We are here because the Re-publican majority in the House and the Senate and the President of the United States have not funded the govern-ment. Secondly, we also are here because there are a number of issues on which I think there is agreement in both Houses that have not been brought to the floor irrespective of the majority’s will. It appears, from what the Senate leader has said, that there is an agree-ment in the Senate, and, perhaps—and I think probably—we will move forward today to open up the government. But I hope my Republican colleagues do not misinterpret what is happening because the issues will not go away. Between now and February 8, if that is the date, we must resolve how we are going to fund the government—that is what has held us up—and we must bring to this floor a bill to protect peo-ple whom the President of the United States said we ought to protect. Let’s do it. Let’s do our work. 
f 
WHY CAN’T THE REPUBLICAN MAJORITY PASS A BUDGET? (Mr. PERLMUTTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I am going to ask the Speaker: How is it that the Republican majority, in really less than a month, could pass legisla-tion that was the biggest transfer of wealth to the wealthiest people in America through this giant tax cut that costs every single American $7,000 or more, but the Republican majority cannot pass a budget that they have had a year to pass, that addresses our military, that addresses healthcare, that addresses pensions, that addresses the DREAMers, and that addresses a whole variety of things? Why can’t it get done? Why is the only thing that the Re-publican majority has found the will to pass is giant tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans? That is really the question that peo-ple should be asking. Here we are, we can’t even pass a budget to keep the government open. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.009 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH616 January 22, 2018 
I ask my friends to continue to ask that question of the majority party. 
f 
THE ACT OF NO DEAL (Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, more and more Americans are recognizing that Donald Trump is unfit to be Presi-dent—his divisive tactics, his racism, and his mendacity—but this Trump shutdown has shown further that he is truly incapable of being President. His fabled dealmaking ability ap-pears to be just a television act. When he reaches an agreement, his extremist cohorts will not let him close the deal. He mistakes tweeting for government. He just cannot lead. Since this Trump shutdown began, this self-described ‘‘stable genius’’ has failed to hold a single bipartisan meet-ing, nor even make a public appear-ance, though he did dispatch his son, Eric, to declare—amazingly—that the government shutdown is a ‘‘good thing for us.’’ It is not a good thing for America. This Congress must lead in supporting the needs of our people and recognizing that we must put America first in this situation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
THE TRUMP SHUTDOWN (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, this is day three of the Trump shutdown. How many more extensions are Repub-licans going to ask for before passing a long-term budget? Yes, as we speak right now, the Senate is getting ready to pass yet another temporary con-tinuing resolution until February 8. At the end of this month, we will hear from the President at the State of the Union without having addressed the critical needs of the American people. The White House and the Repub-licans in Congress are failing the American people by kicking the can down the road and not passing a budget that will reauthorize CHIP while also funding community health clinics and teaching hospitals, not ensuring pro-tections for 800,000 DREAMers, and not providing disaster relief. Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me take a strong opposition to the racist com-ments made previous to me by a Mem-ber who is one of my colleagues from California. He tried to equate immigra-tion with violent criminals. Shame on him. Shame on him. DREAMers are not violent criminals. They are members of our Armed Forces, they are teachers, they are workers, and they are aspirations to our Nation. Shame on him for equating DREAM-ers with violent criminals. GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PELOSI. Here we are, Mr. Speak-er, another day to take a deep breath. As you know, our responsibility is to pass a budget that meets the needs of the American people. Since September 30, which was the end of the fiscal year, we have not done that. Today, we are gathered to do our fifth continuing resolution. You know all the statements that have been made by Secretary Mattis and others about how destructive that is to our national security. I want to make a few points. First of all, I want to say that a dark cloud is lying over the Capitol, and that is the Trump GOP tax scam. Under that legislation, nearly $2 tril-lion will be added to the national debt. That is bad enough in itself, but it also has cast a shadow over the ability of this House to honor its responsibilities to the American people. We take an oath of office to protect and defend the American people and our Constitution. We know that is our first responsibility, and we stand ready to join in funding our military to do that. So for the Republicans to say that we are shutting down the govern-ment because we didn’t want—we weren’t shutting down the government. You shut down the government. But let’s put that aside for now as we go forward. One, let us stipulate to the fact that we will all agree that we need to sup-port our troops in the manner that the mission that is established calls for. Two, the other part of that debate is about the domestic agenda. The domes-tic agenda includes opioids and vet-erans, issues like that, that are part of our national security, homeland secu-rity, Veterans’ Affairs, State Depart-ment, and antiterrorism activities at the Justice Department—the list goes on—of things that are part of the secu-rity function that are on the domestic side. Our colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle have been reluctant to support domestic agendas. That is just the way it is, and I think that is one of the reasons the Speaker has increased the defense spending so that he can get their votes even though they didn’t want to vote for the domestic spending. But if we are going to honor the com-mitment, not the dollar figure that is in the authorization of the Department of Defense bill, and honor the budget agreement, we will be adding $300 bil-lion to the deficit maintaining parity. b1245 I just want our Republican colleagues to know that when they are voting for a CR that takes us to the next step, that next step, if it honors the commit-ments that have been made, it will be $300 billion over and above the $2 tril-lion. I just say that because I have heard you say: Well, we have a big deficit, so we have to look at Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and all of those initiatives. If we are not going to honor that, and we are not going to honor other commitments because of this tax scam and this Trump shutdown, then we have a problem going forward. So, yes, we are here about values. It is not about one set of children versus another. It is about our values. The Re-publicans have put forth what they did with CHIP—which the Senate has never shown much of an interest in— and all of a sudden, CHIP was their chit. CHIP was their chit. They put that on the table, and they said: Amer-ica is a country of ‘‘Sophie’s Choice.’’ You either choose the DREAMers, or you choose the CHIP kids. We all support all of that. America can take care of all of its children— their safety, their health, and their well-being. The dark cloud of the tax bill is a real problem as we go forward in the decisions we have to make to meet the needs of the American people. As Mr. HOYER said, this is a budget debate. The DREAMers part of it is a part that has come into it, but if there never was a DREAMer on the face of the Earth—thank God, there are DREAMers—but if there never were, we still have this challenge: the lack of in-terest on the part of Republicans in the House to vote for a domestic budget that meets the needs of the American people, using the excuse of the budget deficit, which didn’t seem to bother them when they gave away the store to the richest people in the country, the top 1 percent and corporate America. As we face this decision today, it is a no-drama event, as far as I am con-cerned. The Senate Democrats’ move-ment, in terms of getting a commit-ment on how we go forward on the budget and how we go forward on DREAMers, good for them. Our Mem-bers will make their decision about how they wish to vote. But understand this: this isn’t just about the DREAMers. This is about who we are as a nation, in terms of honoring what we care about most in our country and how we put that into a budget in terms of fighting the opioid epidemic; meeting the needs of our vet-erans, especially in terms of infrastruc-ture; issues that relate to the National Institutes of Health and their invest-ments there; CHIP, really, with the community health centers; medical education for primary care doctors; and the list goes on and on. This will be a lively debate about a number of subjects, as we go forward. But understand this: it is going to in-crease the national debt. It didn’t have to have such an impact if we didn’t have the GOP tax scam, which led to the Trump shutdown. 
f 
PASS A REAL BUDGET FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.010 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H617 January 22, 2018 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rep-resent 88,000 Federal workers in the Eighth Congressional District of Mary-land who want to do their jobs for the American people. They are DREAMers, too, and they are doers. They work at NIH, NOAA, the National Cancer Institute, the Food and Drug Administration, the De-partment of Defense, and the State De-partment. My constituents and the people across the country who depend on them are in limbo because of the irrespon-sibility, the indolence, and the incom-petence of President Trump, who called on his tweet machine for a ‘‘good shut-down’’ of the American Government that he barely opened up in the first place. They worked overtime to get all of the Republicans behind their obscene tax break for the richest 1 percent of the country and foreign investors in Saudi Arabia, China, and the Cayman Islands, but they could not be bothered to pass a budget for the American peo-ple, which is our central constitutional function. They don’t mind shutting down the government for the fifth time in 30 years, as long as their big campaign do-nors get the huge legislative payoff they are waiting for. Let’s do our job, and let’s pass a real budget for the American people. 
f 
LET’S COME TO A COMPROMISE (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask both sides of this Chamber to stop bickering and finger-pointing and start listening to each other. Let’s come to a compromise. This government shutdown is a dis-grace to this Congress and hurtful to this country. Both sides are blaming each other, and the American people are shaking their heads in disgust and disbelief. Both sides have valid points, but, in this case, partial rights actually make a wrong. The government needs contin-uous funding. The military needs fund-ing. Domestic programs, such as home-land security, children’s health, and the opioid epidemic, need proper fund-ing. DACA needs a solution. The south-ern border needs securing. Mr. Speaker, I ask Members of the House, let’s work together and find reasonable compromises for these im-portant issues. Let’s look at each other as honorable people. 
f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO GET BACK TO WORK (Mr. RYAN of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, this is about Members of Congress doing their job. The number one function of a Con-gress is to put out a budget. This Con-gress spent the last 6 to 8 months giv-ing away $2 trillion to the wealthiest people in the country, and now we come to do a budget and say: Well, we don’t have any money. We have priorities here, and it is about taking care of people who are getting hurt. It is about a gentleman who drove a truck for 40 years, missing baseball games and soccer matches because he was on the road. Now that he needs his pension, it is cut in half, and this Con-gress isn’t doing a damn thing about it. It is about the coal miner who climbed into a dirty hole for 40 years and now wants a pension. The Repub-lican leadership here is absent. It is about healthcare for kids, and it is about 11 million kids who are going to law school, going to college, going to med school, and all they want is a chance to sleep good at night. This Congress needs to get back to work. f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON ETHICS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Ethics: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 20, 2018. Speaker P
AULD. R YAN, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: In light of media re-ports with regards to a settlement reached between my office and a former employee, I hereby resign from the House Committee on Ethics effective January 20, 2018. Throughout this process, I have been in communication with the Committee and sought to handle a difficult matter ethically, appropriately and in accordance with guid-ance issued by the Committee. All actions were taken on the advice of the House Em-ployment Counsel and I firmly deny the na-ture of the allegations made in this claim. However, with a great respect for the in-tegrity of the Committee, and the absolute need for any subsequent investigation of this matter to be beyond doubt and above re-proach, I feel it is best for me to remove my-self from the Committee at this time. Sincerely, P
ATRICK MEEHAN , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CER-TAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA-TIVES Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the House Republican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 710 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committee of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON ETHICS : Mr. Ratcliffe. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 53 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1731 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
YRNE ) at 5 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 22, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on January 22, 2018, at 5:06 p.m.: That the Senate agree to the amendment of House of Representatives to the Senate amendment with an amendment H.R. 195. That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 33. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
MAKING IN ORDER CONSIDER-ATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO HOUSE AMENDMENT TO SEN-ATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 195, FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.012 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH618 January 22, 2018 
at any time to take from the Speaker’s table H.R. 195, with the Senate amend-ment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and to con-sider in the House, without interven-tion of any point of order, a motion of-fered by the majority leader or his des-ignee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment; that the Senate amendment and the motion be considered as read; that the motion be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the majority leader and the minority lead-er or their respective designees; and that the previous question be consid-ered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to the order of the House of today, I call up the bill (H.R. 195) to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the distribution of free printed copies of the Federal Register to Members of Congress and other officers and em-ployees of the United States, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amend-ment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. Senate amendment to House amend-ment to Senate amendment: 
On page 1, line 6, strike øFebruary 16¿ and insert: February 8. 
MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. McCarthy moves that the House con-cur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 195. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of today, the motion shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the majority leader and minority leader or their respective designees. The gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 4 minutes. Mr. Speaker, for 3 days, the Nation has watched as tens of thousands of Federal employees were forced to stay home; as our men and women in uni-form went without pay; as opioid treat-ment centers got cut off; and as par-ents faced the harrowing prospect that their children would lose their health insurance. The American people never wanted this to happen. Republicans in Con-gress did not want this to happen. We did everything in our power to make sure this didn’t happen. The House passed a clean bill. A bi-partisan majority in the Senate voted to pass that clean bill, but Senate Democrats shut it down. We were told this was about immi-gration, but Republicans already said we would sit at the table. We already were at the table every single day be-fore this shutdown, negotiating in good faith. Despite this political drama, I re-main eager to get back to the table and put this all behind us. So I must ask: What was gained here at the expense of the American people? What was gained at the expense of our Nation’s reputation as a great and de-liberative Republic? Every policy in the House’s original bill, the Senate passed today. Every single policy is the same. If the Senate had passed this same bill on Friday, all this disgraceful political theater would have never happened. Now, as it always should have been, our government will open, our troops will be paid, and our children will have health insurance. But that is not enough. We cannot continue to repeat the same mistakes again. As my father used to tell me, it is not your mistakes that define you; it is what you learned from them. So let’s commit to each other and to the American public that we will not continue to fund our government through these short-term CRs. Let’s commit that we will pass through both Houses every appropriations bill with full funding for our troops, full funding for our defense, and full funding for every service our government owes to its people. We all know this shutdown was an embarrassment. It didn’t need to hap-pen. It should have never happened, and it will not happen again. That, Mr. Speaker, is the government that the people want, the government that the people need, and the govern-ment that the American people de-serve. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self 31⁄2minutes. Mr. Speaker, as I said this morning, the reason why the government shut down is because the Republican major-ity has failed to fund the government. They have the majority of the House, the majority of the Senate, and the Presidency of the United States. And with all due respect to my friend, the majority leader, five pre-vious shutdowns were purposefully per-petrated by my Republican friends; the last for 16 days. The continuing resolution on the floor today reflects that failure. It does not, 9 months after we should have been done, establish the level of spend-ing for this fiscal year. It is 9 months late. As a result, another continuing reso-lution may be inevitable. And in this resolution, we will extend the harmful effects of another CR to both defense and nondefense agencies for another 17 days. That means that Congress will be more than 4 whole months into the fis-cal year without a budget agreement. This is dangerous, Mr. Speaker, both to our military and to our civilian agen-cies, each of which require budget cer-tainty. Before February 8, Republicans must work with Democrats to resolve the issues at hand. This means working to-gether to lift the budget caps in ac-cordance with the principle of parity, which Speaker RYANagreed to over the past 4 years and should continue to today and in the future. It also means working in a bipar-tisan, bicameral way to address the status of DREAMers, now that Presi-dent Trump created a crisis with his ending of the DACA program. Congress should act responsibly to allow these young people to stay, as more than 80 percent of Americans believe should be done. Mr. Speaker, it requires reauthor-izing community health centers and other critical health programs essen-tial to complement the passage of the CHIP reauthorization, which is in-cluded in this CR. We also have a responsibility to help those impacted by the devastating hur-ricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands; those af-fected by the wilderness fires in Cali-fornia; and communities struggling to combat opioid abuse. Congress must not waste the next 17 days as it has the last 114. I will be vot-ing ‘‘no,’’ Mr. Speaker, on this con-tinuing resolution, not because I don’t want to see it pass, but because it does not guarantee that Congress will ad-dress the issues that have been ref-erenced. I pray that neither I nor Congress will be in this same position come Feb-ruary 8. I hope we will address in a positive manner the issues before us. I am now pleased, Mr. Speaker, to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the mi-nority leader. (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and I asso-ciate myself fully with his remarks. I thank the gentleman, Mr. H
OYER , for his great leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Republican’s latest stopgap funding bill. I take great pride in House Demo-crats overwhelmingly supporting the first continuing resolution in Sep-tember to give the majority a chance to get the job done. But after months of Republicans’ ex-cuses and extensions, I refuse to be an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.017 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H619 January 22, 2018 
enabler to the Republicans’ failures any longer. This past week once again exposed the utter incompetence of the Repub-lican-controlled government. Here we are ending the Trump shutdown with Republicans’ fourth stopgap short-term bill. The Republicans have failed to get their act together for the fourth time to fund the government for a full year. In August, Defense Secretary Mattis was asked: What would be the effect of another stopgap short-term spending bill on the military? You all know he replied: ‘‘It just cre-ates unpredictability. It makes us rigid. We cannot deal with new and re-vealing threats. We know our enemies are not standing still.’’ ‘‘So it’s about as unwise as can be.’’ Mr. Speaker, there are also other statements for the R
ECORD to that ef-fect from the Navy Secretary, et cetera. Now, the Trump shutdown will end, but Republicans’ wasteful incom-petence continues. There is a dark cloud over the Capitol, Mr. Speaker: the deficit-exposing GOP tax scam, which has added nearly $2 trillion to the national debt. The Republicans have made their choice: tax breaks for corporations and the wealthiest are more important than certainty for our military. Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House. They control what bills we vote on in Con-gress. We could have brought up a long- term bill long before now. b1745 We have placed our suggestions on the table as to what would be on the domestic side of that: resources for the opioid epidemic that kills 94 people every day in our country, for funding for veteran infrastructure and services, for saving millions of Americans’ pen-sions in crisis today, for funding com-munity health centers and lifesaving research at the NIH, for childcare for hardworking parents, for protecting patriotic young DREAMers, and, as our distinguished whip said earlier, for making sure we have the resources for those affected by hurricanes, fires, and especially our folks in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Because of the Republican majority’s weakness, we still do not have a long- term spending bill that funds the mili-tary and the domestic investments that keep America strong. We take an oath of office to protect and defend. Now we have to fund that. We have not delivered strong disaster recovery funding to Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and other victims of hurricanes. Congressional Democrats continue to propose bipartisan solutions, but Re-publicans refuse to take yes for an an-swer. We have not protected our coura-geous young DREAMers. Not only should we protect them, we should em-brace them and value them. We should be grateful for the inspiration they are to America. This is about meeting the needs of the American people. It is also about honoring the values that have made our Nation a beacon to the world. Today we end the Trump shutdown, but it does not diminish our leverage or our determination on the Demo-cratic side to meet the needs of the American people. Democrats are united in our determination to get the job done. We are unified for a better deal, better jobs, better pay, and a better fu-ture. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to Repub-licans’ latest stop-gap funding bill. I take great pride in House Democrats over-whelming support for the first continuing reso-lution in September. But after months of Republican excuses and extensions, I refuse to enable Republicans’ failure any longer. The past week has once again exposed the utter incompetence of Republican-controlled government. Here we are, ending the Trump shutdown with Republicans’ 4th stop-gap, short-term bill; the 4th time Republicans have failed to get their act together to fund the government for a full year. In August, Defense Secretary Mattis was asked: what would be the effect of another stop-gap, short term spending bill on the mili-tary? ‘‘It just creates unpredictability,’’ he said. ‘‘ It makes us rigid. We cannot deal with new and revealing threats. We know our enemies are not standing still . . . So it’s about as unwise as can be.’’ Navy Secretary Richard Spencer has said: ‘‘We have put $4 billion in a trash can, poured lighter fluid on it, and burned it . . . Four bil-lion is enough to buy a squadron of F–35s, two Arleigh Burke-class destroyers, 3,000 Har-poon missiles. It’s enough money to buy us additional capacity that we need. Instead, it’s lost, because of inefficacy in the ways of the continuing resolution.’’ Now, the Trump shutdown will end, but Re-publicans’ wasteful incompetence continues. There’s a dark cloud over the Capitol: the deficit-exploding GOP tax scam—which has added nearly 2 trillion to the debt. Republicans made their choice: tax breaks for corporations and the wealthiest were more important than certainty for our military. Republicans control the House, the Senate and the White House—they control what bills we vote on in the Congress. So, my colleagues, why haven’t we voted: For resources for the opioid epidemic that kills 94 people every day? For funding our veterans’ infrastructure and services? For saving the millions of American pen-sions in crisis today? For funding community health centers & life-saving research at NIH? For child care for hard-working parents? For protecting patriotic young DREAMers? Why were tax breaks for billionaires and corporations so urgent? 120 days after allowing CHIP to expire, Re-publicans suddenly claim to care about chil-dren on CHIP—but only as part of a cruel Sophie’s choice to pit sick children against DREAMers fearful for their future. Because of the Republican Majority’s weak-ness, we still do not have a long-term spend-ing bill that funds the military and the domestic investments that keep our nation strong. We have not delivered strong disaster re-covery funding for Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and other victims of hurricanes and wildfires. Congressional Democrats continue to pro-pose bipartisan solutions. But Republicans refuse to take yes for an answer! We have not yet protected our courageous young DREAMers. Not only should we protect them, we should embrace them—value them. We should be grateful for the inspiration they are to America. This is about meeting the needs of the American people. This is about honor the val-ues that make our nation a beacon to the world. Today, we end the Trump shutdown, but it does not diminish our leverage or our deter-mination to meet the needs of the American people. Democrats are unified in our determination to get the job done. We are unified for our Better Deal: Better Jobs, Better Wages, Better Future. And our fight continues. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, we have 10
1⁄2days remaining before we have an-other crisis in funding our government. Those are legislative days. We have more calendar days. Let us try to use every one of those days to reach agree-ment on funding the government so we don’t have another CR, which all of us believe is bad fiscal policy and sub-stantive policy. Mr. Speaker, I urge us to come to-gether so that we can avoid another crisis like this and address the issues that we know need to be addressed. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. R
YAN), the Speaker of the House. (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to revise and ex-tend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say a few words about the last couple of days. I know there is great relief that this episode is coming to an end. This shut-down did not need to happen. However brief, it inflicted needless costs on the country. There are no winners here today—I want to make that clear—no winners except for, perhaps, the millions of families who depend on the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Soon the longest reauthorization in the pro-gram’s history is about to become law. But this is not a moment to pat our-selves on the back, not even close. We very much need to heed the lessons of what just happened here. We need to move forward in good faith: yes, on DACA and immigration and, yes, on funding our military so that it gets the resources that our military so badly needs. Let’s address these urgent challenges. Finally, I think all of us want to join in thanking the men and women who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.020 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH620 January 22, 2018 
serve in our Armed Forces and who serve in our government around the country and around the globe. They and their families are the ones that kind of get caught up in things like this. For them, these aren’t political debates; they are livelihoods. The country’s safety and security de-pend on responsible governing. That is why I sincerely hope that we never find ourselves in this position again. I thank all of our Members for their patience this week. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 266, nays 150, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 44] YEAS—266 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—150 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Biggs Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Correa Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gosar Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kind Krishnamoorthi Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Amodei Barton Bridenstine Burgess Carson (IN) Cummings Garrett Granger Green, Gene Herrera Beutler Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Valadao ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1809 So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I was detained in a traffic security line trying to get in to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 44. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, January 22, 2018, I missed the vote because I was attending the funeral of a family member in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 44. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 44. Stated against: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on January 22, 2018, I missed rollcall vote No. 44 because of illness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 195 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolu-tion (S. Con. Res. 33) providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 195, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 33 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That in the enroll-ment of the bill H.R. 195, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the fol-lowing corrections: (1) Insert before section 1 the following: ‘‘DIVISION A—FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017’’. (2) In section 1, strike ‘‘Act’’ and insert ‘‘division’’. (3) Insert before section 2002 the following: ‘‘S
EC. 154 (a) Employees furloughed as a re-sult of any lapse in appropriations which be-gins on or about January 20, 2018, shall be compensated at their standard rate of com-pensation, for the period of such lapse in ap-propriations, as soon as practicable after such lapse in appropriations ends. ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, ‘em-ployee’ means: ‘‘(1) a Federal employee; ‘‘(2) an employee of the District of Colum-bia Courts; ‘‘(3) an employee of the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia; or ‘‘(4) a District of Columbia Government employee. ‘‘(c) All obligations incurred in anticipa-tion of the appropriations made and author-ity granted by this division for the purposes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.022 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H621 January 22, 2018 
of maintaining the essential level of activity to protect life and property and bringing about orderly termination of Government functions, and for purposes as otherwise au-thorized by law, are hereby ratified and ap-proved if otherwise in accord with the provi-sions of this division. ‘‘S
EC. 155. (a) If a State (or another Federal grantee) used State funds (or the grantee’s non-Federal funds) to continue carrying out a Federal program or furloughed State em-ployees (or the grantee’s employees) whose compensation is advanced or reimbursed in whole or in part by the Federal Govern-ment— ‘‘(1) such furloughed employees shall be compensated at their standard rate of com-pensation for such period; ‘‘(2) the State (or such other grantee) shall be reimbursed for expenses that would have been paid by the Federal Government during such period had appropriations been avail-able, including the cost of compensating such furloughed employees, together with in-terest thereon calculated under section 6503(d) of title 31, United States Code; and ‘‘(3) the State (or such other grantee) may use funds available to the State (or the grantee) under such Federal program to re-imburse such State (or the grantee), to-gether with interest thereon calculated under section 6503(d) of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘State’ and the term ‘grantee’ shall have the meaning as such term is defined under the applicable Federal program under subsection (a). In addition, ‘to continue carrying out a Federal program’ means the continued per-formance by a State or other Federal grant-ee, during the period of a lapse in appropria-tions, of a Federal program that the State or such other grantee had been carrying out prior to the period of the lapse in appropria-tions. ‘‘(c) The authority under this section ap-plies with respect to any period in fiscal year 2018 (not limited to periods beginning or end-ing after the date of the enactment of this division) during which there occurs a lapse in appropriations with respect to any depart-ment or agency of the Federal Government which, but for such lapse in appropriations, would have paid, or made reimbursement re-lating to, any of the expenses referred to in this section with respect to the program in-volved. Payments and reimbursements under this authority shall be made only to the ex-tent and in amounts provided in advance in appropriations Acts.’’. (4) Insert after section 2002 the following: ‘‘S
EC. 2003. For the purposes of division D of Public Law 115–56, the time covered by such division shall be considered to include the period which began on or about January 20, 2018, during which there occurred a lapse in appropriations.’’. (5) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Making further continuing appropriations for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes’’. 
The concurrent resolution was con-curred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON TRANSPOR-TATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 22, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to my elec-tion as Ranking Member of the House Judici-ary Committee, I write to inform you that I am resigning from the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in compliance with the rules of the Democratic Caucus. If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Sincerely, J
ERROLD NADLER , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), my friend and the major-ity leader. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. On Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be post-poned until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. The House will recess no later than 5 p.m. and reconvene at approximately 8:35 p.m. for a joint session of Congress to receive the President’s State of the Union Address. Members are requested to be on the floor and seated no later than 8:20 p.m. On Wednesday, votes are no longer expected in the House. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business this Fri-day. In addition, the House will, once again, take up legislation to fund the Department of Defense for its fiscal year. This bill will be fully consistent with the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act, which passed the House and Senate last year on a bipartisan basis and was signed into law by President Trump. Mr. Speaker, this House has shown that we stand ready to rebuild Amer-ica’s military and give our men and women in uniform the resources they need. I will now encourage our Senate col-leagues to do the same. b1815 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information. Today, both Chambers have passed the CR that takes us to February 8. That leaves 17 calendar days. I was going to say it did 6
1⁄2legislative days, but the gentleman has now given up probably half a day, as I understand it, which is Wednesday of the retreat. So, essentially, Mr. Speaker, we have 6 days between now and February 8 in which we will be in session. That makes it incumbent upon us that we come together, cooperate with one an-other, compromise, and send legisla-tion from here to the Senate that the Senate can agree to. I want to say, I did not know the gen-tleman was going to mention that, but I want to see the Defense Department fully funded. But I also want to see fully funded departments that take care of the health of our people, the education of our children, domestic law enforcement, and relations between ourselves and the rest of the world in the State Department, and so many other agencies of government that are in the nondefense part of the budget. Mr. Speaker, I would tell my friend that I would hope we would come to an agreement very, very shortly on the overall spending levels so that we can pass both defense and nondefense pri-ority issues. And I would say to my friend, all we are asking for in that context, as the gentleman knows, is what we have done over the last 4 years as a result of agreements between Speaker RYANand Senator M URRAY , so I would hope that we can proceed on that. Secondly, and there is so much to bring up, but the second thing I want to mention is, clearly, one of the issues that we have been so concerned about has been how we are going to treat the DREAMers in our country. As the gen-tleman knows my view, based upon polls that I have read, 85 percent of Americans essentially agree that we ought not send those young people, for the most part, out of the country away from their home to places they do not know, particularly when they are mak-ing such a positive contribution to our country. Now, while I said there were some 5
1⁄2 days left between now and the 8th, there are 10
1⁄2days—actually, I guess, now, 9
1⁄2days in which to deal with the issue of the DREAMers. The gentleman and I, Senator C
OR-
NYN, and Senator D URBIN have been working. I look forward to working on that, and I hope that we work on it every calendar day that we have avail-able—we won’t be in session, but we will work on that—so we can, in fact, come to an agreement so that those young people who the American people think ought to stay here and continue to be productive citizens, contributing individuals to our country, would be al-lowed to stay here, given a path to citi-zenship. I would hope that we could work toward that end. I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I can’t agree with him more. This body has passed all 12 appropriation bills. We do need a budget agreement. And we make progress; once we get that budget agreement, I firmly believe we can fund the rest of this year and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JA7.013 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH622 January 22, 2018 
next year going forward in what we ac-tually need to get our jobs done. The gentleman is correct, we have met numerous times. I thought they have been very productive meetings dealing with DACA. We have narrowed the scope to four areas. I am excited to have the government back open. It also means we can be back at the table to solve this problem. I know we have a short time period. We have got a week left after the CR that we just passed, but I believe, working together, we can get this done. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information. I am hopeful that we can agree on the underlying issue which led to the necessity for a CR and the temporary closing of government. That is the un-derlying agreement on what budget numbers will be, what our caps will be, how much discretionary funding we will have to spend both on defense and nondefense. That is at the core. When you fail to do that, you fail to pass ap-propriation bills, and you, therefore, have to repair to CRs, which everybody on this floor agrees is bad fiscal policy and should not be the way we do busi-ness. Secondly, I appreciate the majority leader’s leadership and engagement on the issue of solving the problem, or the challenge and the opportunity, I should say—not so much a problem, but an op-portunity—of DREAMers. It is what the President, Mr. Speaker, asked us to do. Hopefully, we can, in fact, working in good faith with one another, get that done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REFUSAL TO GOVERN (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, the chaos Presidency has spawned a chaos Con-gress. Now that they control the White House as well, they still can’t govern— no more excuse, no more bogeyman Obama in the White House. Instead of governing, my esteemed Republican colleagues have spent the last year trying to rip healthcare away from children and families in order to give their billionaire friends a tax break. That is the only thing that they have accomplished: giving to the rich. Then, at 12:01 Saturday morning, Re-publicans told the American people that the United States is closed for business. This is the fifth time in 30 years that Republicans have shut down the Fed-eral Government. It is the first time ever that a single party has controlled the entire Federal Government but still refused to keep the country run-ning. Mr. Speaker, let us govern. Let them govern. If my Republican colleagues want to enter into good faith negotia-tions for a budget that fully funds the Federal Government and pursues bipar-tisanship priorities, such as funding community health centers, perma-nently reauthorizing CHIP, providing disaster relief, and protecting DREAM-ers, then you know where to reach me. f 
ABSENCE OF LEADERSHIP (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, as a former police chief, I have seen the ef-fects of good government and I have seen the effects of bad government, and what we have seen over the last few days is bad government. As the party in charge of the Senate, the House, and the White House, the Republican majority has a responsi-bility to pass a budget that sustains critical services for the American peo-ple. Instead, they passed a $1.5 trillion tax giveaway, chose to ignore critical concerns, and push an anti-immigrant agenda. I have seen the horrible outcomes of trying to make one group of people afraid of another. I have seen the re-sults of ignoring the real dangers to America, like racism, gun violence, poverty, and lack of opportunity. We are a nation of immigrants. As leaders of a pluralistic society, we have a responsibility to build a nation with compassion for people. But this shutdown was about more than immi-gration. It was about our military, our veterans, our seniors, our children, and adequate disaster relief. Mr. Speaker, I will not support a complete absence of leadership. I will continue to fight for real solutions. 
f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say that, yes, I support keep-ing the government open. However, I cannot support the continuing resolu-tion that came before this House today. Let me just say to America: I want you to understand it is not about not supporting our military. It has placed us in a position that we have to under-stand that we need to do both, just as Democrats and Republicans should work together. On this continuing resolution, it makes us, yes, give 6 years to CHIP. But what about the community health centers? What good is it to give us CHIP and not support community health centers? What good is it not to support our teaching hospitals? So I say to you, with Republicans in charge of the House, the Senate, and the White House, we could do better. Today, I proudly say to all of those women who marched across this Na-tion: I stand with you today because you marched for better healthcare. You marched so that we could have equal-ity and equal treatment. That is why I proudly cast my vote as a ‘‘no.’’ f 
GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN (Mr. PEARCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I was proud to just cast a ‘‘yes’’ vote to open the government back up. I would observe coming into the Cap-itol tonight that they had Members and staff all kind of in the same car line, so I just barely made it here for that vote. I have heard all day long that we should be funding the government for the full year, and we should be doing it right. In fact, we in the House have passed all 12 appropriations bills. They are sitting over in the Senate. If the Senate Schumer shutdown was desired not to occur, then all they could do is bring up those full-year funding bills, allow them to come to the floor, and we fund our military, we fund all of the healthcare, the opioids, and every other single thing. That would require the Senate Demo-crats working with the Republicans over there, and we saw 2 days ago that is not going to happen. Today, under duress, it did, but we are still facing the same problem. We need nine Demo-crats in the Senate to help the Repub-licans get to the 60-vote majority. 
f 
DREAMERS (Mr. KHANNA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, yester-day, thousands marched in every city across America for racial justice, gen-der equality, and a moral vision of America. Today, we let them down. It was not complicated what citizens wanted. They wanted a vote, a guaran-teed vote in this Chamber about wheth-er we would keep our word to the DREAMers, and we failed to deliver. Now, I have no doubt that most Democrats, Senators and congressmen, care about the DREAMers staying in this country, but citizens expect more. They want us not just to look at ge-neric poll numbers or battleground dis-tricts. They want us to lead with our hearts because they are leading with their hearts. The question today, Mr. Speaker, is: When will the elected representatives be worthy of the courage of our citi-zens and the grassroots? 
f 
LET’S GO ABOUT THE BUSINESS OF THE COUNTRY (Mr. GOHMERT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we fi-nally had a vote to ensure that the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.027 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H623 January 22, 2018 
military gets the money that they need and deserve. They deserve to be paid even better, but they certainly do not deserve to have their funding cut, not holding our military hostage in de-mand for people who had come into the country illegally. The American public made clear that they did not want the whole country to suffer because they were being held hostage, while some folks demanded le-gality for people who came in illegally. Let’s keep things separately. Let’s keep our military going forward, and now let’s go about the business of the country. 
f 
b1830 FACT-CHECKING THE INACCURACIES (Mr. RICHMOND asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I come to the mike tonight just in a way of fact-checking all of the inaccuracies that we hear. If Members listen to the White House, if Members listen to my col-leagues on the other side, they pretend that this whole shutdown was over ille-gal immigrants versus American citi-zens. Our DREAMers, who came here as children through no fault of their own, were legal until the President decided to withdraw their legality and their documentation. He made them here un-documented. The second part of all of this is they are saying: Oh, we are funding our troops. It was General Mattis who said that funding the troops with a continuing resolution was debilitating for our armed services. So there are a lot of things that we hear, but on the House floor in this United States Congress, the one thing we owe to the American public and to our citizens is the truth, whether it is on our side or whether it is not. The truth is they have well over 230 Members. They could pass a budget if they wanted to. If they would work with both sides, then we could continue to do what the Congressional Black Caucus has done since the beginning of time, which is make this country a more perfect Union. 
f 
OPPOSING HOLDING HOSTAGE UNRELATED BILLS (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, for 3 years, I have waited for the moment here where I want to com-mend my colleagues in the Senate, the majority party, for exposing the falla-cious argument that you can hold hos-tage unrelated bills before you pass spending bills. Frankly, we call upon them to pass the appropriations bills to fully fund the government through September. We in this body, last year, had passed all 12 separate appropriations bills, fully funding the military and other government functions all the way through September of this year. That needs to happen in the next 3 weeks, because we have only a 3-week exten-sion that we voted for. I am proud that the American public saw the false arguments that are being used, particularly on the other side of the aisle, where the minority party holds hostage funding bills and de-mands concessions on other nonrelated legislation. If they want to filibuster stuff over there, first of all, make them do it so the American public can see it, which happened over the last few days, and make it related to the bill on the floor at the time. f 
WHY I VOTED NO ON THE CONTINUING RESOLUTION (Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to explain to the American people ex-actly why I voted ‘‘no’’ on this con-tinuing resolution earlier today. If you look at all that has been said about the Children’s Health Insurance Program, what you are going to find is that we extended that program in this CR for 6 years with a savings of $1 bil-lion. It is a sleight of hand, because we did not fund community health centers; we did not fund the disproportionate share hospitals, mostly rural in my district; we did not fund adequately the teach-ing hospitals. So if you wanted to really be honest with the American people, we could have extended the Children’s Health In-surance Program permanently and saved $6 billion and would have had enough money in the savings to expand our community health centers, to fund disproportionate share hospitals, and to fund teaching hospitals, that which we did not do, and I voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
NOW WE CAN COMPLETE THE WORK AT HAND (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I am so glad we are now back here with the government open. I have been here these last few days over the weekend with my staff working hard to make sure that we get our government open and working for its people, for its military families. Today, I was over on the Senate floor when the Senate closed its vote in sup-port of reopening our government. Now we can complete the work at hand. This is incredibly important. I just wanted to mention this. I, too, actually, as a previous speaker talked about being detained in the security lines, was unavoidably detained in those same security lines, but I wanted to come here onto the House floor and make sure that folks know we are here hard at work, we are going to make sure that we move forward from this. I am looking forward to addressing the issues at hand, making sure that we get a long-term solution. I am pleased with the CHIP funding that we were able to put through. This is something we have been working on now for several months. The House has voted in support of this. I have sup-ported it many times now. As an appropriator, we had gotten these bills funded months ago. I am looking forward to a permanent solu-tion here so we can get about doing the people’s work. f 
SIDING WITH THE AMERICAN PEOPLE (Mr. ROHRABACHER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, the shutdown is over, at least tempo-rarily. The American people should pay at-tention to what this was all about, how come the government shut down. The issue at hand which made sure that there was a separation, an opinion, that shut down the government was the following: should we be legalizing the status of 850,000 young people who were brought here illegally and came here illegally. The bottom line is we are talking about not tens, but hundreds, of mil-lions, even billions, of dollars that would be siphoned away from that fund that we have here in Washington aimed at helping the American people. That money, the money that we have avail-able for the veterans, available for sen-iors, available for our own young peo-ple, would be drained in order to give, yes, hundreds of millions of dollars to people who have come here illegally. Of course, 850,000 young people would then be given the right to bring in their relatives; so we are talking about millions of people being brought here because of 850,000 illegal young people here. The American people, whose side are we on? That was the question about this shutdown. Pay attention. The American people, will they have to have all of their resources drained away in order to take care of people who have come here illegally? No. I hope the American people pay close attention to who is siding with the American people versus who is siding with foreigners who have come here il-legally and letting them suck up scarce funds here in Washington. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Pursuant to section 2(b) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.029 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH624 January 22, 2018 
House Resolution 694, the House stands adjourned until 4 p.m. on Thursday, January 25, 2018. Thereupon (at 6 o’clock and 37 min-utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Thursday, Janu-ary 25, 2018, at 4 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3805. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s joint final rule — Community Rein-vestment Act Regulations (RIN: 3064-AE58) received January 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 3806. A letter from the Acting Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation, trans-mitting the Corporation’s final rule — Allo-cation of Assets in Single-Employer Plans; Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Em-ployer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Val-uing and Paying Benefits received January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 3807. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s Annual Re-port of Interdiction of Aircraft Engaged in Illicit Drug Trafficking, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2291-4(c); Public Law 103-337, Sec. 1012 (as amended by Public Law 107-108, Sec. 503); (115 Stat. 1405); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3808. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-80, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 3809. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Addition of Certain Entities to the Entity List [Docket No.: 140908761-7999-02] (RIN: 0694-AG29) received January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3810. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-113, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3811. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-050, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3812. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-071, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3813. A letter from the Assistant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Magnitsky Act Sanctions Regulations re-ceived January 4, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 3814. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-230, ‘‘Health Literacy Council Establishment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Pub-lic Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3815. A letter from the Office of Policy, Regulations and Analysis, Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Department of the In-terior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oil Spill Financial Responsibility Ad-justment of the Limit of Liability for Off-shore Facilities [Docket ID: BOEM-2017-0048; MMAA104000] (RIN: 1010-AD98) received Jan-uary 17, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were 1delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 1153. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction (Rept. 115–522). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 1457. A bill to establish re-quirements for use of a driver’s license or personal identification card by certain finan-cial institutions for opening an account or obtaining a financial product or service, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–523). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. HOYER (for himself, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Ms. L EE, Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. R
ASKIN , and Mr. K ENNEDY ): H.R. 4874. A bill making continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropria-tions, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4875. A bill to provide for the com-pensation of Federal contractor employees that may be placed on unpaid leave as a re-sult of the Federal Government shutdown, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. RUSH (for himself and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H.R. 4876. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to direct the Federal Com-munications Commission to conduct an an-nual inquiry on the availability of advanced telecommunications capability in broadband deserts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H. Con. Res. 100. Concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 195; to the Committee on Appropria-tions, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. FOXX: H. Res. 710. A resolution electing a Member to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Mr. TAYLOR (for himself and Ms. TITUS): H. Res. 711. A resolution celebrating the 325th anniversary of the founding of the Col-lege of William & Mary in Virginia by Brit-ish Royal Charter and congratulating Presi-dent W. Taylor Reveley, III, after a decade of tremendous leadership as the 27th President of William & Mary; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B
IGGS, Ms. C HENEY , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mrs. B
LACK ): H. Res. 712. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Senate should immediately change its rules and end the ‘‘modern’’ filibuster; to the Committee on Rules. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. HOYER: H.R. 4874. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Constitutional Authority—Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 18) THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF CONGRESS CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or offi-cer thereof. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4875. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 4876. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘[The Con-gress shall have Power] To regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘[The Con-gress shall have Power] To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K22JA7.031 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H625 January 22, 2018 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 173: Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , and Mr. S MITH of New Jer- sey. H.R. 389: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 466: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 547: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 975: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 1155: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 1227: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1279: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1322: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 1341: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 1342: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 1445: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 1536: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 1789: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1794: Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 1825: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1928: Mr. K
ILDEE , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 1972: Mr. T
URNER , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 2166: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 2220: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 2652: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 2778: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2925: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 2996: Mr. S
ANFORD and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 3635: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 3761: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 3790: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 4007: Mr. B
ERA, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4099: Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. C AL-
VERT , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 4143: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 4270: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 4391: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4392: Mr. H
UFFMAN and Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4505: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 4506: Mr. G
OMEZ , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K
ILMER , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 4547: Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. R
EED. H.R. 4666: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 4747: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 4760: Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. L ONG, Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 4779: Mr. JONES . H.R. 4782: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 4793: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. L AMBORN . H.R. 4796: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4798: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 4815: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 4820: Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. L EE, and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4827: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 4829: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4831: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 4852: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. M
AST, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , and Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 4871: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. W
ALZ, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. K EATING , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. V EASEY , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. C
ORREA . H. Res. 245: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H. Res. 307: Mr. N
ORMAN . H. Res. 644: Mr. C
URTIS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JA7.010 H22JAPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S429 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 2018 No. 15 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
OB P
ORTMAN , a Senator from the State of Ohio. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God Almighty, may our law-makers take refuge in the shelter of Your wisdom and providence. Remind them that You are the potter and they are the clay. As they trust You to make the vessel You desire, fill their hearts with willingness to know and do Your will. Lord, give them the wisdom to trust You to open doors that no one can shut, and close doors that no one can open. Do for them more than they can ask or imagine. In all they do, may they live for Your glory. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, January 22, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OBPORTMAN , a Sen- ator from the State of Ohio, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. Mr. PORTMAN thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of the House message to accompany H.R. 195, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
House message to accompany H.R. 195, a bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the distribution of free printed cop-ies of the Federal Register to Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the United States, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill. McConnell motion to concur in the amend-ment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell amend-ment No. 1917 (to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill), of a per-fecting nature. McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McCon-nell amendment No. 1918, to change the en-actment date. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 2 hours every Senator can vote to end this government shutdown. At 12 noon we will vote to end the Democratic leader’s filibuster and advance instead a bipartisan bill that would put this mess behind us. The bill before us does three things that every Democrat and Republican should be able to support. First, it ends the shutdown and restores full funding for the Federal Government through February 8. Second, it extends health insurance for 9 million vulnerable chil-dren. Third, it will enable Congress to resume serious bipartisan talks on the important issues facing our Nation. I respect the passion that many of our friends in this Chamber, both Dem-ocrat and Republican alike, bring to the major issues before the Senate—all of these issues. Each of us brings our own views and personal perspectives to discussions of immigration policy, healthcare reform, or details of govern-ment spending. But we should not let the political feuds or policy disagreements obscure the simple fact that every Member of this body cares deeply about the chal-lenges facing our country. All of us want to make life better for the Amer-ican people. Bearing this in mind, I hope and in-tend that we can reach bipartisan solu-tions on issues such as military spend-ing, immigration and border security, and disaster relief before the February 8 deadline. But yesterday evening, I restated my position that these negotiations can’t last forever. Should these issues not be resolved by the time the funding bill before us expires on February 8, so long as the government remains open, it would be my intention to take up legis-lation here in the Senate that would address DACA, border security, and re-lated issues, as well as disaster relief, defense funding, healthcare, and other important matters. Let me be clear. This immigration debate will have a level playing field at the outset and an amendment process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JA6.000 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES430 January 22, 2018 
that is fair to all sides, and it would be my strong preference for the Senate to consider a proposal that could actually be signed into law. A bipartisan, bi-cameral group is already negotiating, and I look forward to completion of its work. But it is abundantly clear that the Senate cannot make progress on any of these crucial matters until the govern-ment is reopened. We need to move for-ward. The very first step is ending the shutdown. It is evident that this gov-ernment shutdown is doing nothing— absolutely nothing—to generate bipar-tisan progress on the issues the Amer-ican people care about. Every day we spend arguing about keeping the lights on is another day we cannot spend ne-gotiating DACA, defense spending, or any of our other shared priorities. Let’s join together and put the fili-buster behind us and get back to work for the American people. 
f 
RECESS Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess until 11:30 this morning for con-ference meetings. There being no objection, the Senate, at 10:33 a.m., recessed until 11:30 a.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. J
OHNSON ). 
f 
FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I rise today to urge Senate Democratic lead-ership to end their reckless govern-ment shutdown. It is no secret that over the years I have made clear that I don’t like fund-ing our Federal Government from one shortsighted, bandaid bill to another. We must establish a path forward to re-sponsibly fund our government for the long term. It is the responsible and right thing to do for our military, for future generations, for our veterans, and for the American people. But rather than finding a long-term funding solution to ensure stability in our military, the Senate Democratic leadership has decided to shut down the government. What does that mean for our military? Well, for starters, critical defense projects have come to a halt. We could also see delays in main-tenance of our critical aircraft, ships, and weapons systems at a time when our adversaries are becoming more ag-gressive and more advanced. Our serv-icemembers, who put their lives on the line every day for our country, don’t know when they will receive a pay-check. I have an adviser right now who is deployed to the Middle East. I received an email from him this morning. He said: It is really hard for all of us here knowing that our government is shut down. But every day it is the same for us here in Afghanistan. We will do what we need to do. God bless him for that. Iowa National Guardsmen are de-ployed overseas right now. One of my former units, the 248th Aviation Sup-port Battalion, is spread out through the Middle East, doing their mission while we struggle to find a way forward for them here in Washington, DC. Military schools have been canceled. I spoke to an Active-Duty Army officer this morning. She was scheduled for her precommand course this weekend, and her orders were canceled. She told me: I will not be able to go to that precommand course before I deploy. She will head overseas not having had a vital course to instruct her on leader-ship in the military. The likelihood of her picking up that course again in the future is near zero—near zero. Additionally, having served as a bat-talion commander in the Iowa Army National Guard during our last govern-ment shutdown, I can tell you that these shutdowns have a significant im-pact on our National Guardsmen. A shutdown prohibits our citizen soldiers from participating in drill and training exercises essential to our military readiness. Our public affairs officer sent out this notice this morning from the Iowa National Guard. The headline: IOWA NATIONAL GUARD FEELS EF-FECTS OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN More than 1,000 full-time federal techni-cians furloughed 
That is in Iowa alone. ‘‘Approxi-mately 400 personnel sent home from weekend training.’’ That is just Iowa. And 110,000 National Guardsmen were affected after this last weekend be-cause of the shutdown. Should these men and women be called to defend our Nation in the face of danger, it is crit-ical that they are properly prepared, and a government shutdown does not allow this. During the time that the government shutdown goes on, we are not able to maintain our equipment; that hurts our readiness. Our personnel can’t do their wellness and medical checks; that hurts our readiness. Our military members can’t get to their schools for advancement in their ca-reers; that hurts our readiness. And once those orders to schools have been canceled, you can’t just pick up on Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday and say: OK, I am going to school now. There are only so many slots allocated, and if you miss that training period, you may be waiting months, perhaps even a year, in the National Guard to pick up those schools. During a shutdown, our folks are fur-loughed. Depending on how long the government is shut down, our citizen soldiers might not receive enough training days to be adequately pre-pared for duty. This could also mean that their time serving throughout the year might not be included in their total years of service, potentially fur-ther jeopardizing their benefits and pay. What a lot of folks here who haven’t served in the military—the Reserves, Guard, or Active Duty—don’t under-stand is that in the Reserves and Guard you have to meet so many points in a year for that to be considered a good retirement year. If you fall a few days short of that, the entire year does not count toward your retirement. The en-tire year does not count toward your retirement. Despite their rhetoric otherwise, Senate Democrats are turning their backs on our men and women in uni-form by putting our military’s re-sources and readiness in jeopardy. It is inexcusable. Additionally, the legislation the Sen-ate voted on Friday night would have reauthorized the Children’s Health In-surance Program for 6 years—6 years— providing approximately 80,000 Iowa children with access to important healthcare services, especially in the rural and underserved areas. Unfortunately, Senate Democratic leadership is playing political games and has opposed our efforts to ensure this critical funding is in place for chil-dren in Iowa and across the country. Instead, the Senate Democratic leader-ship’s shutdown hurts Iowa’s low-in-come children, puts rural and under-served areas at a major disadvantage, and disrupts States’ abilities to ensure sound financial planning for their healthcare programs. Folks, the reality is, this shutdown happened because Democratic leader-ship didn’t get everything they wanted in this funding bill. They didn’t get ev-erything they wanted. As a result, they decided to hold hostage our military, our military’s readiness, our children’s healthcare, and our government. You see, the Senate Democrats who chose to play politics also set arbi-trary—arbitrary—deadlines regarding Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, also known as DACA. I, too, want to ensure that Congress finds a solution for DACA recipients. We have many, many recipients in Iowa. Many of my colleagues want to see resolution on this as well. America is a nation of immigrants, and our diversity truly is our strength. It is incredibly important that we find a fix for DACA recipients, as they are so important to the fabric of our com-munities and to our future. Many young, undocumented children were brought here truly through no fault of their own. Congress has been and must continue to work together to identify and pursue a measured ap-proach that addresses DACA recipients’ unique situation and also respects the importance of our immigration laws, keeps our borders secure, and discour-ages future illegal immigration. There is still time to achieve a solu-tion. There is still time. But holding the government hostage and stalling important discussions on DACA really is nonsensical. Some of my Democratic colleagues are starting to show a willingness to work through these issues and reopen the government, and I am asking them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.001 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S431 January 22, 2018 
to vote yes for funding our government so that we can move ahead. But the de-cision to remain shut down lies solely with the Democratic leadership here in the Senate. So today, I am calling on Senate Democratic leaders to put their reck-less games aside and start working with us on a path forward to fund the government, ensure that low-income children have access to healthcare, pro-vide the resources our military needs, and find a solution for our DACA re-cipients. I am asking my Senate colleagues— those whom I have spoken with on both sides of the aisle—to join us in a ‘‘yes’’ vote today at noon or shortly there-after so that we can find solutions. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you, Mr. President. Today, we enter the third day of the Trump shutdown, the first ever real shutdown to occur when one party con-trols the entire legislative process. The Republican Party controls the House, the Senate, the Presidency, and yet they were unable to keep the govern-ment open for the American people. Leader M
CCONNELL knows it takes 60 votes to win passage of a spending bill, and yet he moved forward with a last- minute extension that he knew lacked the votes. Both Democrats and Repub-licans voted against that bill. The reason the Republican majority had such difficulty finding consensus is they could never get a firm grip on what the President of their party want-ed to do. These days you never know whom to deal with when it comes to the Republicans. The Republican lead-ers told me to work out a deal with the White House. The White House said work it out with Republican leaders on the Hill. Separately, President Trump turned away from not one but two bi-partisan compromises—each would have averted this shutdown, each would have led to a deal on the budget, healthcare, disaster aid, and things like opioids, veterans, pensions, and on immigration. My recent offer to the President was a generous one. I put his signature campaign issue on the table in ex-change for DACA and still he turned away. President Trump’s unwillingness to compromise caused the Trump shut-down and brought us to this moment. The facts are well known. Now I wish to update the Senate on where things stand after this weekend. Since our meeting in the Oval Office on Friday, the President and I have not spoken, and the White House refused to engage in negotiations over the week-end. The great deal-making President sat on the sidelines. Despite and be-cause of this frustration, I have been having conversations with the Repub-lican leader over the weekend about a path forward. After several discussions, offers, and counteroffers, the Repub-lican leader and I have come to an ar-rangement. We will vote today to reopen the gov-ernment, to continue negotiating a global agreement, with the commit-ment that if an agreement isn’t reached by February 8, the Senate will immediately proceed to consideration of legislation dealing with DACA. The process will be neutral and fair to all sides. We expect that a bipartisan bill on DACA will receive fair consider-ation and an up-or-down vote on the floor. Now, it is a shame the American peo-ple and the Senate have had to endure such hand-wringing, finger-pointing stridency to secure a guarantee that we will finally move to address this ur-gent issue. It is something the major-ity could have avoided entirely, a con-cern the President could have obviated if he were only willing to take yes for an answer. While this procedure will not satisfy everyone on both sides, it is a way for-ward. I am confident we can get the 60 votes in the Senate for a DACA bill, and now there is a real pathway to get a bill on the floor and through the Sen-ate. It is a good solution, and I will vote for it. I am incredibly grateful to the bipar-tisan group that has come together in recent days to renew the immigration debate with a sense of urgency. I be-lieve this group has the potential to re-turn the Senate to the kind of place it should be on the issue of immigration, a place for bipartisanship, a place for action, a place for achievement. The bipartisan group, in a very fine way, filled the glaring absence of the Presi-dent in these talks. I expect the majority leader to fulfill his commitment to the Senate, to me and to the bipartisan group and abide by this agreement. If he does not, of course—and I expect he will—he will have breached the trust of not only the Democratic Senators but Members of his own party as well. Through these complicated and lengthy negotiations, Democrats have always sought to be reasonable, to act in good faith, and get something real done. Despite all of our entreaties, the President was obstinate. Despite bipar-tisan support for DACA, the Repub-lican Party dithered. The Senate has muddled along for too long, content to delay action on our most pressing challenges until the very last moment. That ends today. The Republican majority now has 17 days to prevent the Dreamers from being deported. We have a way to ad-dress the fate of the Dreamers starting right now, instead of waiting until March, with the minority and the mod-erate middle empowered to bring a bill to the floor instead of being held by the most strident anti-immigration voices in the Republican caucus. We, on our side of the aisle, will con-tinue to fight as strongly as we can for the Dreamers in the weeks ahead. I say to all Americans: Urge your Senators to vote yes on the bipartisan com-promise when it comes forward. Write, tweet, email, phone, visit, do every-thing you can so we can finally pass this bill. In a few hours, the government will reopen. We have a lot to do. The issue of the Dreamers demands resolution, a budget must be written, healthcare has to be addressed, relief provided to dis-aster-stricken parts of our country, pensions, opioids, veterans, and childcare—all have to be taken care of. The Trump shutdown will soon end, but the work must go on, and it will. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I thank the Democratic leader for his comments and his indication that he intends to support the measure before us. I think if we have learned anything during this process, it is that a strat-egy to shut down the government over the issue of illegal immigration is something the American people didn’t understand and would not have under-stood in the future. So I am glad we have gotten past that, and we have a chance now to get back to work. Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the mandatory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur with a further amendment in the House amendment to the Senate amend-ment to H.R. 195. Mitch McConnell, Joni Ernst, Shelley Moore Capito, Deb Fischer, David Perdue, John Kennedy, John Hoeven, John Thune, John Barrasso, Roy Blunt, Lisa Murkowski, Susan M. Collins, Bill Cassidy, Richard C. Shelby, Pat Rob-erts, James E. Risch, Johnny Isakson. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 195, with a further amendment, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.003 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES432 January 22, 2018 
The clerk will call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, before we call the roll, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Democratic whip be al-lowed to address the Chamber for 3 minutes, with the gracious approval of the majority leader. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, thank you very much, and I thank the major-ity leader for this opportunity. Let me thank my friend, my col-league, and our leader on the Demo-cratic side for his passionate personal commitment to this issue involving the Dreamers and DACA. He has been by my side, and I have been inspired by his leadership from the start. Let me thank my colleagues. So many of you cast a vote that was very hard and very difficult because you be-lieved, as I did, that the issue of immi-gration and the issue of the Dreamers is the civil rights issue of our time. You stuck your necks out and said: I am willing to go on record, even though it is hard to explain back home, and I will never forget that. The question now is how we move forward. What I have seen on the floor of the Senate in the last few days is something we have not seen for years— constructive, bipartisan conversations and dialogue on the floor, not just about this issue, which is obviously front and center, but about the future of this institution and what the Senate will be from this point forward. That, to me, has been encouraging because it says to me we do have an opportunity to work together. My special thanks to Senator S
USAN  C
OLLINS , my friend, and Senator L ISA M
URKOWSKI for joining with J EFF F
LAKE and joining with L INDSEY GRA-
HAM and joining with C ORY GARDNER  and others who have been working on this issue for so long to try to make a positive impact on this debate so we can move forward. I cannot tell my colleagues how many have come up to me from the other side of the aisle who said: We are with you on this issue. We want to help get this done. Each of them has a little different take on what that means, but I do believe them, and I do believe we have this opportunity to move this to-gether. Now comes the real test as to wheth-er we can get this done—whether we can be the Senate again, whether we can return to regular order on the floor and constructively have a debate. For some of you, it will be the first time you have ever seen it, but believe me, it is worth the price of admission, all it took for you to come to the U.S. Sen-ate. So now we have to stand together. My last word is this: We have gath-ered the largest bipartisan group of Senators to ever commit on moving forward on the Dream Act and immi-gration. We have a process. I thank Senator M
CCONNELL for ex-plicitly saying today it will be a level playing field. It will be open to both sides. We will move to the issue, as you characterized it this morning, of DACA and immigration. Thank you for doing that. I believe that then sets the stage for us to work together. For the first time in 5 years, we will have debate on the floor of the Senate on the Dream Act and immigration. To all the Dreamers who are watching today, don’t give up. I know that your lives are hanging in the balance on what we do here on Capitol Hill and with the White House. Three weeks from now, I hope to be joining you and celebrating the passage, with you and your families and your communities, of a measure which will strengthen Amer-ica and give you an opportunity to be part of our future. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. MCCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 81, nays 18, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 16 Leg.] YEAS—81 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—18 
Blumenthal Booker Cortez Masto Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hirono Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Paul Sanders Tester Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 81, the nays are 18. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. Cloture having been invoked, the mo-tion to refer falls. The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, let me tell you how pleased I am for the peo-ple in Maryland that we are now in the process of ending this government shutdown. A government shutdown does not benefit anyone. It certainly doesn’t benefit the Federal workers who live in Maryland and the Federal workers around the Nation. There is the uncer-tainty that a shutdown brings. Those who are exempted are asked to work without knowing when they will get a paycheck. Those who are on furlough don’t know whether they will ever get a paycheck or not. It is not in the in-terest of our Federal workforce. It is certainly not in the interest of Federal contractors, who depend upon con-tracts that have been put on suspen-sion. It is not in the interest of the public, who depends upon govern-mental services. It ends up costing tax-payers more money. I am pleased to see that we are on a path to end this shutdown and to get the government back up and with a path forward. I also am pleased that we have at least accelerated the deadline for getting a budget done by 2 weeks. Many of us have expressed major con-cern about continuing to operate under a continuing resolution. That makes no sense. We heard from the Depart-ment of Defense that they cannot keep our country safe on continuing resolu-tions. We know that agencies, when they are trying to plan their mission, cannot operate on continuing resolu-tions. For the public, continuing resolu-tions state that we are going to oper-ate on last year’s budget. It doesn’t re-flect this year’s priorities, and that is what we should be doing every year. So in this case, the Republicans con-trol the House, the Senate, and the White House. We would think that a budget could have been done by Octo-ber 1 of last year, which is when the fiscal year began. We are now ap-proaching 4 months under the fiscal year 2018 budget, and we still don’t have a budget. One of the parts I am pleased about is that, as we move forward, we have had really positive discussions that by Feb-ruary 8 it is realistic to expect that we are going to be able to enact budget numbers so that the Appropriations Committee can recommend to the full Chamber, and we can pass, appropria-tions bills or a CRomnibus or an omni-bus that will allow our agencies to have the remainder of this year’s ap-propriations. I certainly hope it will include fiscal year 2019—that would certainly be the best—and that it will be balanced be-tween the needs of the Department of Defense and the nondefense agencies. We have critical functions that re-quire to have a full year of appropria-tions, which include our national de-fense, the Department of Defense, the State Department, the Department of Health and Human Services, the work that is done in the National Institutes of Health, food safety and the Food and Drug Administration, and the ability of the Social Security Administration to deliver checks to our seniors and to take care of our healthcare needs. All 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.006 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S433 January 22, 2018 
that requires that we have the predict-ability of a budget. I wasn’t pleased we had a shutdown, but I am pleased that during this de-bate, we had great discussions among Democrats and Republicans that we are committed to bringing out a budget by February 8 so that we can give that type of predictability to the people of this country. That was one of the prin-cipal frustrations, that many of us didn’t want to go for another con-tinuing resolution without knowing how we were going to deal with the budget. There are some special needs that we have paid particular attention to that we really also need to get done by no later than February 8. One of those is the opioid funding. It is in our national interest to recognize that we have a national crisis. Every community in the country is suffering from the opioid crisis, and we need to make sure we have the wherewithal for the Federal Government to be a strong partner in dealing with this crisis. Many of my colleagues have talked about disaster relief. We certainly need to help the communities of Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and deal with the wildfires in the West. We know we have to get that done now. We can’t wait an-other month. Let’s make sure that by no later than February 8, we have also dealt with those issues. In the legislation we are considering now, I am pleased that we will deal with the Children’s Health Insurance Program. I wish it were permanent. Rather than putting another deadline on the program, we should try to make it permanent. It has been a bipartisan success in all of our States, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program needs further attention for perma-nency. However, the legislation we are in the process of passing does not deal with community health centers. We know that most of our children and their parents who are using the CHIP program are going to be using health centers. We need to extend the program for our health centers. There are a lot of extenders out there on which we need to act. Just to men-tion one, the one that I have been in-terested in and have authored legisla-tion on deals with the therapy cap. A therapy cap means that those who have the most serious need for therapy serv-ices—those suffering from strokes and those types of injuries—are not able to get the full services or are at least threatened to not get the services be-cause of a therapy cap. We have ex-tended it ever since we put it into law. The cap should never have been put into law. We also need to pay attention to it in this budget debate. That also needs to be dealt with by February 8. My colleagues brought up the serious pension issues that affect the workers of this country. That needs to be ad-dressed. There is reason to say that I am pleased that the government is back up—or will be back up shortly—but we really need to negotiate and not oper-ate under continuing resolutions. I think that because of the amount of spotlight that has been put on these issues, we have a much better chance to get these budget issues resolved through an appropriations or a CRomnibus or an omnibus rather than a continuing resolution. Then there is the issue of the Dream-ers that I have talked about numerous times on the floor of the Senate. The Dreamer issue is urgent. It is urgent. Many Dreamers’ lives have already been affected, and their lives have been changed as a result of President Trump’s announcement last September that he was putting a 6-month time limit on when the Dreamers would be subject to deportation. That deadline occurs in early March. In the meantime, those who are up for renewal status—there has been un-certainty as to whether they will be able to continue to reside here in America, whether they will be able to continue to have a driver’s license or to work. They feel like they have—and they do have—a sign on their backs saying that they expire on a particular date. That anxiety needs to end. It should never have been started under President Trump’s edict in September, but we need to respond to that in an urgent way. I was very pleased that we have a commitment from the majority leader that by no later than February 8, if we have not passed the bipartisan DACA protection, Dreamer protection bill, we will have that bill on the floor of the Senate in a manner in which the Sen-ate can speak on the issue. I am very confident that because of the compromise that has been nego-tiated with Senator G
RAHAM and Sen-ator D
URBIN , we will be able to pass that bill that will protect the Dream-ers. What it does is it allows them to maintain their Dreamer status, and it puts them on a pathway so they can have permanent citizenship here in the United States, and they will know their future is here in America. After all, it is the only country most of them know. That is certainly a very encour-aging sign. I was also very pleased to hear in the negotiations that took place that this legislation would also provide the pro-tection for those who are here in tem-porary protected status. In some of the cases, President Trump has extended dates and said: This is the last exten-sion. That could expire within the next 18 months. In some cases, he has de-ferred making that decision for some countries. What we know about those in tem-porary protected status is that they are very similar to the Dreamers. Many know no country but the United States as their home, and it is impor-tant that we protect their status here in the United States and provide them a pathway for permanency and citizen-ship here in the United States. They are part of America, and they are part of our economy. In the meantime, I would hope that there would be consensus here and sup-port from the White House that the en-forcement procedures that are being used against the immigrant commu-nity be mindful of the efforts being made here to provide them a perma-nent status and that the priorities on enforcement that we have heard men-tioned many times—which, quite frankly, are very confusing to the im-migrant community—that those prior-ities would not be aimed at those who are going to be protected under the leg-islation we will be considering in the next few weeks. We all are pleased that we are now able to move forward to keep the gov-ernment open, that we have a commit-ment to deal with the budget of our country by February 8 and the Dream-er issue by that date. We have made real progress. As Senator DURBIN observed—and I must tell you, I think each of us did also—during this very difficult time, the conversations we have had among our colleagues on both sides of the aisle have been very encouraging. I think the Members of this body want to return to the great traditions of the Senate where we listen to each other, where we work together, where we compromise, and where we are able to come to successful completion of our work. Virtually no work has been done, but too much is on the table right now that needs to get finished. Let’s take advantage of these next few weeks to show the American people that indeed we will work together in the best inter-est of our country, putting partisan politics aside, dealing with our budget issues, dealing with our immigration issues, dealing with our healthcare issues, and dealing with our pension issues. We can do the people’s work. Let’s get that done, and let’s start right now getting that work completed. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
SECTION 148  
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, the U.S. Senate has just done the right thing. In a matter of hours, hopefully, the deci-sion to fund the government and to put people back to work will find its way to the House of Representatives. I am sure that it will find a quick agreement there, and tomorrow everyone will be back in place, and both the House and the Senate can work aggressively be-tween now and February 8 to make sure that this doesn’t happen again and that we bring permanency and cer-tainty to the funding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.008 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES434 January 22, 2018 
The vice chairman of the Intelligence Committee and I were notified when the House CR appeared that there was language in it that was different than in the past. The language in section 148 of the CR is of concern to the Intel-ligence Committee. Let me just read the language: 
Sec. 148. Funds appropriated by the De-partment of Defense Missile Defeat and De-fense Enhancements Appropriation Act, 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–96) may be obli-gated and expended notwithstanding section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947. 
This language is troublesome for the committee because it would authorize the intelligence community to spend funds ‘‘notwithstanding’’ the law that requires prior authorization by the Senate Intelligence Committee or by the House Intelligence Committee. The vice chairman and I were on the floor, I think, last week, and we had a 65-to-34 vote to reauthorize the most significant intelligence tool to keep America safe. In that debate, both Sen-ator W
ARNER and I said to our opposi-tion that we would do everything with-in the committee’s power to make sure we did aggressive, real-time oversight over the entire intelligence commu-nity. Sometimes that means that when we see there might be something we are uncomfortable with, we alter the abil-ity to access funds. In congressional terms, we call it fencing off money. But we utilize the tools as an author-izer to affect what, in fact, individuals within the intelligence community can choose to do. When you take away section 504 au-thorities that the committees have, for the next 3 weeks we will have an in-ability to exercise, in our estimation, the tools that we might need to keep our commitment to 34 individuals who still voted against us but, more impor-tantly, to the American people, for whom we would do everything to make sure our intelligence communities act in a way that those educated and elect-ed in this body see fit. As a result, this language can erode the powers of the authorizing committee. Effectively, the intelligence community could ex-pend funds as it sees fit without an au-thorization bill in place and with no statutory direction indicating that an authorization bill for 2018 is forth-coming. Let me just say to my colleagues, a situation like this is untenable. We have worked with our colleagues in HPSCI to develop language to change this. I might say, we have had a couple of opportunities to do it, and we should have done it literally when we changed the date of the CR. When we changed the date from the original date, which I think was the 16th, to the 8th of Feb-ruary, we should have inserted this new language. But because there is a fight between appropriators and the In-telligence Committee in the House, we weren’t able to do that. I have a feeling that Senator W
ARNER  and I are going to find there is now a fight between the Intelligence Com-mittee and the appropriators in the U.S. Senate because, I fear, someone might object to the unanimous consent request I will ask after Senator WAR-
NERspeaks. Let me read what the committee has come up with. This is bicameral. The House Select Committee on Intel-ligence is in agreement. In section 148, it would say: 
Funds appropriated by the Department of Defense Missile Defeat and Defense Enhance-ments Appropriations Act, 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–96), for intelligence or intel-ligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by Congress for pur-poses of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2018 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018. 
The vice chairman is a lawyer; I am not. I really rely upon the legal counsel that we have within the committee to interpret U.S. law. It really doesn’t take a law degree to understand that there is a huge difference between ig-noring section 504, ‘‘notwithstanding,’’ and applying section 504, which our change makes. This isn’t really a misinterpretation. This is a question of whether you want to take section 504 of the National Se-curity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) and continue to let it apply or whether you are going to provide the intelligence community a waiver that exempts them from having to adhere to a part of U.S. Code. The reason I wanted the opportunity to speak before we ask unanimous con-sent is, I want my colleagues to under-stand that we take our oversight role extremely seriously. We want to have every tool in our basket that we can to give the American people the assurance that we know exactly what is going on and that we are at least in agreement that they proceed forward, not that they have free rein only because they have been appropriated a pot of money because an executive request was made. It would be no different under the Obama administration or under the Trump administration. I would encour-age my colleagues not to object to it when I ask for the unanimous consent because that is what we are here for. With that, I yield to the vice chair-man. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I want to echo a number of the comments my friend, the chairman, the Senator from North Carolina made. Ten days ago, we asked for reauthorization of section 702, and I came to this floor and advo-cated that this was a critically impor-tant tool. Part of the reforms of that legislation would even give us more in-sight into how that tool was used. We said, at that point, not only to those Members who didn’t agree with us on that but to all of the Members—for that matter, the American people— that the Intelligence Committee would continue its vigorous oversight of that program and other programs. Being on the Intelligence Committee, at least until recently, has not been necessarily all that high attention and profile. We spend hundreds and hun-dreds of hours every month in a SCIF. One of the things I find so rewarding about the Intelligence Committee’s work is that on issue after issue, you couldn’t tell who is a Democrat and Republican. We all take extraor-dinarily serious our oversight respon-sibilities. If this exemption is granted, you could potentially have an administra-tion—any administration—go off and take on covert activities, for example, with no ability for our committee, which spends the time and has the oversight, to say timeout or to say we actually disagree with that policy. I have been very disturbed about the whole process that arose in the House, how it was attempted to get slipped in. I hope, as well as the chairman, that no Member would choose to object. If they do choose to object, I hope they will be able to explain to the American public why they would want to remove the In-telligence Committee’s ability to mon-itor, and then if we make a decision, withdraw funds if we don’t agree and have that ongoing tool that is one of the most key components of our over-sight responsibility—why they would want to, in effect, give any administra-tion, for that matter, a blank check. Again, my hope is no one will object to this request; that we will continue the policies that existed for as long as I have been on the committee; and that those of us on that committee will con-tinue to take the responsibility of oversight very seriously and will con-tinue to do it in a bipartisan way. With that, I yield back to the chair-man. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank the vice chairman of the committee. There are over 30-plus professional staffers who staff both sides of the In-telligence Committee. On each side, there is a staffer designated for each of the intelligence agencies in this coun-try. I would dare say today they know their particular portfolio of intel-ligence agencies as well as the employ-ees who work inside that agency. They are experts. They are tasked with that degree of knowledge. Layered on top of that are 15 Members of the U.S. Senate whom the leadership on both sides have asked to spend countless hours behind closed doors—as the vice chairman said—typically in a bipartisan fashion to provide for every Member and for the American people our certification that we agree with what the intel-ligence community is doing; that it lives within the letter of the law; that there is some congressional oversight on a constant basis, in real-time, assur-ing Members and the American people of that accuracy. Why would you take away the tools we have to actually hold them accountable? I know appropriators believe this hinders their ability to spend money when we are in a continuing resolution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.010 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S435 January 22, 2018 
period because of section 504. I am not sure I interpret it the same way they do. Just because an executive branch has asked for a pot of money, I have never considered that the committee couldn’t go in, because of a vehement disagreement with the way some of it is being spent, and alter it. That alter-ing means that on the part of 15 Mem-bers we have a hesitancy as to how it is being done. If you neuter the com-mittee, you neuter our oversight. Mr. President, at this time, I ask unanimous consent that the Burr amendment to amendment No. 1917, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, the language in section 148 of the con-tinuing resolution is included exactly as requested by the administration. It is consistent with language that has been adopted many times in past con-tinuing resolutions. The appropriation for missile defeat previously approved by Congress is very explicit. Section 2002 of that ap-propriation provides that the funds ‘‘shall be allocated to programs, projects, and activities in accordance with the detailed congressional budget justifications submitted by the Depart-ment of Defense to accompany the Fis-cal Year 2018 Budget Amendments re-quested by the President on November 6, 2017.’’ It further provides that ‘‘changes to the allocation of such funds shall be subject to the re-programming requirements set forth in the annual appropriations Act.’’ Sec-tion 2002 explicitly protects the over-sight prerogatives of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and its role in approving deviations from the Ad-ministration’s request. I will continue to work with the Sen-ator from North Carolina on his con-cerns but must object to his request. Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, it is my hope that we will come to our senses at some point in this process and that this waiver to U.S. Code will, in fact, not be in place, but I will assure, on be-half of the vice chairman and myself to all our Members, we will, to the best of our ability, given the limitation that is placed on us, hold the intelligence community accountable for everything they do and that we will be much more active in the future relative to the ap-propriations that find their way there if, in fact, they are not going to pro-vide us the tools to manage, in a con-structive way, those things the agen-cies choose to carry out. If I didn’t have the number of indi-viduals in Members and in staff who are experts, I probably wouldn’t be as confident, but these folks take it ex-tremely seriously because we know what is at stake—the trust we have with our Members and the trust we have with the American people. With that, Mr. President, I yield back but with great disappointment. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the news is good today. It looks as though we are close to a resolution, and what makes that resolution attractive to me is not just that we are going to see the government run, which is the job of this Congress—this is the first time, as we know, that Congress, the House, the Senate, the White House, and the Su-preme Court were controlled by one party—it is the first time that that has been the case in a government shut-down, so we know where responsibility lies. But that is the past. I want to look at the future. The future is, this should make it easier because of the discussions so many of us had over the weekend with Senators in our own party and the other party. Regardless of the party of any of us, I think we are reaching a place where we can get seri-ous about negotiations on a whole lot of issues. Once this is behind us, after this vote later today, once the House passes the continuing resolution and once the President signs it, I am hope-ful that we can get serious about a whole host of other issues. In Ohio in the last 2 weeks, two hos-pitals have closed down—one for-profit in Massillon, a small, industrial city not far from Canton, OH, and a not-for- profit hospital in Dayton, OH. Both an-nounced the closure of those hospitals, and we know what that means to peo-ple in the neighborhoods, people in the region. It means slower response time, lost jobs—the loss of all the things that a good hospital means in a community. Part of the reason for those hospital closings, frankly, is that we haven’t done our jobs here—the attacks on the Affordable Care Act, the unrelenting attacks from the President and from the majority party here. I stood with my Governor, a Republican Governor— I am a Democrat—Governor Kasich and I—against these Medicaid cuts, against the attacks on the Affordable Care Act, against the shrinking of the signup pe-riod, the undercutting of the mar-keting campaigns, and all the things that have caused more volatility and instability in the healthcare market. I am hopeful that after this bill is signed by the President later today and the government reopens, we can then get serious about what we do about not just CHIP—I thank people of both par-ties here for finally—although it took 4 months—giving CHIP not just new life but 6 years of life. I am thrilled about that. But to make CHIP work, we need community health centers because in a working family, each making $10 an hour—if they don’t have enough money to buy insurance or if they don’t have a job, perhaps, that has insurance, they rely on CHIP. Well, if their child gets sick and wants to go to a health cen-ter, if the community health centers are closed or underfunded or under-operating, there is no place to go. So you don’t need just CHIP; you need the community health centers too. We need to pay attention to rural hospitals. A lot of my State is rural. I have been, for instance, to the Bryan Hospital. Phil Ennen is the president of that hospital and does a very good job with a difficult task, because in small towns—it is a county in the northwest corner of the State. The county borders Indiana to the west and Michigan to the north. Small towns like that have more challenges running their hos-pitals, and I am hopeful we can focus on that. We can focus on 340B, which is a Med-icaid prescription drug cost provision. I am hopeful that we can focus on the disproportionate share of payments. I am hopeful that we can focus on some of the Medicare extenders so that we can, in fact, bring some stability to this healthcare system. These two hospitals in Dayton and Massillon that have announced their closure—we are working to try to keep both open. It is a real challenge. I hope the closure of those hospitals isn’t just the harbinger of more to come because of the volatility created in the healthcare market by this administra-tion and this Congress’s attack on the healthcare market and the healthcare laws over the last year, but that is why we need serious, long-term negotia-tions here. The other issue that is so important is pensions. In the Presiding Officer’s home State of Indiana, in my State of Ohio, in Pennsylvania, North Dakota, Missouri, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, there are literally hundreds of thousands of teamsters, coal miners, ironworkers, carpenters, and confec-tionary workers who, even though they paid into a pension for 30 years, even though they gave up dollars today at the bargaining table so they could put dollars aside for the future, often matched by their employer—because of Wall Street greed and Wall Street mal-feasance and misfeasance, in part, these pensions are going to face huge cuts. Senator Y
OUNG , Senator D ONNELLY , Senator P
ORTMAN , Senator J OHNSON , and a number of us are working out some—I hope working toward some agreement on pensions so we can make sure that if you didn’t work 40 years you wouldn’t see a 40-percent cut in your pension. I start with the Butch Lewis Act legislation that I have intro-duced with a number of cosponsors. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.011 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES436 January 22, 2018 
want to work with both parties to make sure this works. I am hopeful this deal today helps to clear a path so that the two Senators from Indiana and I and Senator P
ORTMAN and others can work together to make this hap-pen. It is so important. In my State alone, it is 50,000 teamsters. It is an-other 5,000, more or less, coal miners. It is another 7,000, 8,000, or 10,000 other workers. The last thing I want to say, again, is that every one of these cases is a union plan. These union members gave up wages today. They understood: I don’t take as much pay today, but that money will be set aside so I have healthcare and my pension is there when I retire in 30 years. They did it right. They played by the rules. Their government needs to back them up. That is the importance of this pension bill. That is why I appreciate the work of the Presiding Officer and others in coming to some agreement and making this work. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I know the paperwork is being finalized, but I for one—and I guess I am not the only one; I am sure there is broad apprecia-tion for the fact that our Democratic colleagues who voted to close the gov-ernment have now changed their minds and now will vote on final passage, having just voted on cloture, to reopen the Federal Government. This was a strategy that lacked an endgame and was never going to work. The safety, health, and livelihoods of Americans across the country didn’t deserve to be held hostage, and the American people have had enough of these kinds of games. I think, basi-cally, the verdict of the American peo-ple is ‘‘A pox on both your houses.’’ I don’t think anybody comes out of this looking very good. But surely, this calculated stunt that put funding for our government, military, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program at risk, all because our colleagues wanted to accelerate consideration of the DACA issue—the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals—was a mistake by any measure. They, of course, had planned this strategy for months. Many of them had signaled their intention to vote against any spending bills unless the DACA issue was resolved, despite the fact that a majority of Americans in recent polls said that avoiding a shutdown was more important to them than other priorities. If we just think about it, trying to deal with the concerns—and they are legitimate; I am sympathetic with them—of the 690,000 DACA recipients versus 320 million Americans who were hurt by this shutdown, it just seems disproportionate and unnecessary. For most of the last 3 days, negotia-tions led to nowhere. The majority leader in particular took the concilia-tory gesture of—instead of pursuing the 4-week extension—saying: OK. We will do it for 3 weeks. That is ulti-mately what our colleagues across the aisle voted on, but what did they have to show for that? To my mind, they got nothing to show for that. Sure, they got a commitment from Senator M
CCONNELL , the majority leader, to take up the issue of immigra-tion in February. He was going to do that anyway. We know the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program expires on March 5. So logic would tell us that, yes, we are going to have to take it up in February. But it just seemed so unnecessary and so harmful to try to shut down the government to force something that was going to hap-pen anyway. So I said: That doesn’t make much sense to me. I am glad our colleagues decided to take this step to reopen the govern-ment while we resume our work to find a solution on this immigration issue. But we have a lot of other important issues. First of all, the Children’s Health In-surance Program will be reauthorized as part of this vote here shortly. But we have other issues. We have to agree on spending caps for this fiscal year so that the Appro-priations Committees can figure out, How much money can we commit to our national security? We have short-changed our national security in recent years because of the Budget Control Act and sequestration, which creates automatic spending caps, absent some agreed-upon grand bargain. This has been a perennial problem, not just for Congress and the country, but it has particularly fallen hard on our mili-tary at a time when James Clapper, the former Director of National Intel-ligence, said that in his 50 years in the intelligence community, he had never seen a more diverse array of threats confronting our country and con-fronting the world. We can tick down the list, from North Korea, to Iran, to Russia to China. There is a threat of home-grown terrorism here in the United States because of domestically inspired Islamic extremists. The world is a dangerous place, and it is made safer only when America is strong and America leads, and we can’t do that while underfunding our national secu-rity apparatus, our intelligence agen-cies, and the Department of Defense. So we need to take care of that. We also need to deal with disaster re-lief. I come from a State that was ham-mered by Hurricane Harvey, the most significant rain event in many, many— perhaps even 1,000—years. More than 50 inches of rain inundated the city of Houston and that environment. Many people are still hurting. Many people are still not back in their homes. Their businesses were blown away. And while the House of Representatives has voted on an $81 billion disaster relief pack-age, because of the holdup here—again, because our Democratic colleagues in the Senate think this DACA issue is more important than those victims of natural disasters, not to mention the wildfires out west—that has been put on ice as well. There are a lot of important things that we need to get done, and I hope we will take advantage of the next few weeks here to get them done as we con-tinue our discussions about DACA and what to do to provide some assistance to these 690,000 young people who were brought here as minor children by their parents and are in somewhat of a box. Earlier today, I went to the White House with several of my colleagues to meet with President Trump to discuss the four areas he has laid out to ad-dress the March 5 deadline relating to DACA. We are working through those four issues as I speak, trying to find a permanent solution for the DACA re-cipients and making sure that border security and interior enforcement is beefed up so that we don’t have a rep-etition of this situation in the future. We also are looking to limit chain migration and perhaps even to use some of the additional visas left over to accelerate the movement of people who have been playing by the rules and have been waiting in line, some for 10 or 20 years, just to rejoin their families here in the United States. Finally, the President instructed us to deal with the diversity lottery visa program. There are about 50,000 visas that are literally provided based on a lottery, not because the immigrant has any special skills or qualities that would help enhance our country and help them contribute to our country but merely because they happened to win the lottery. I think it makes sense to reform that and perhaps use some of those additional visas, again, to deal with the backlog of people who have been waiting in line, patiently trying to immigrate to the country in a legal fashion—we ought to reward them, not continue to punish them—but also, to try to do what we might to maybe re-assign some of those visas to merit- based immigration, people who have graduated with skills that we need here in the United States, including the STEM fields—science, technology, en-gineering, math. I think that makes a lot of sense. Obviously, I am not going to decide this by myself. We are going to have to build a coalition of Democrats and Re-publicans, and I think we can. I think we can demonstrate our natural Amer-ican compassion when it comes to im-migrants. As I have said before, we are a country that has been built by immi-grants. But the part we seem to always forget in this conversation on immigra-tion is that we are also a nation of laws. That is what people have lost confidence in—that the Federal Gov-ernment is committed to securing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.013 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S437 January 22, 2018 
border and enforcing our laws. If we do that, I think the American people will continue to welcome people through a legal immigration system who want to come here to America for a better life, to contribute, and to pursue their dream. Our meeting at the White House was a productive conversation. It was just one of many. I know Senator S
CHUMER  visited with the President, I believe last Friday, on the immigration ques-tion. Our colleagues, Senator D
URBIN  and Senator G
RAHAM , have been work-ing with Senator F
LAKE , Senator M
ENENDEZ —I think Senator G ARDNER  is part of that, as well, and I am prob-ably leaving somebody out. But they have a bipartisan proposal that they took to the White House. Unfortu-nately, the President said that it wasn’t a proposal he could support, so back we go to the drawing boards. No-body pretends that this solution is easy, but it is one that we need to ad-dress. I believe the President remains en-gaged and committed to finding a solu-tion for these young adults who were brought here, as I said, through no fault of their own. I especially remain committed to the 124,000 DACA recipients in my home State of Texas. It is no surprise that Texas has a large immigrant popu-lation because of our proximity to the border. But we are not alone, and many of these 690,000 DACA recipients are spread throughout every State in the country. I have a personal interest in making sure we come up with a bipartisan solu-tion for these young adults who face such uncertainty, but it is important that any solution we agree on contains two things. First is a DACA solution for these young adults, many of whom are huge contributors to our commu-nities; indeed, these are our neighbors, and they work alongside us in our com-munity. They deserve a thoughtful and compassionate solution that I hope we deliver. I understand the plight they find themselves in. I have had a chance, like all of the Members of the Senate and the House, to meet many of these young people, and many of them are extraordinarily impressive. They have excelled in school. They have a lot of promise. But, unfortunately, they carry this burden of a status that does not permit them to stay in the country absent legislative action. So it is a pre-carious position, I am sure, to live every day not quite sure of what the future will mean. But any solution we come up with over the next several weeks must also protect the 320 million Americans who already live in the country, in addition to these DACA recipients. What I mean by that is I think there needs to be some natural symmetry here. To the extent that we provide compassionate relief to these young people, I think we need to correspondingly assure the American people that we are actually serious about border security and en-forcing our laws. My State has had to bear the burden of a lot of the cost of border security, including placing law enforcement per-sonnel along the border, because the Federal Government has simply failed to do its job over these many years. I know leaders in my State will be glad to see the Federal Government finally step up and accept their responsibility. I know the President has talked fre-quently about a wall. Some people talk about tactical infrastructure. As a matter of fact, the President referred to the 2006 Secure Fence Act and said: Well, basically, we are talking about the same thing. The Border Patrol usu-ally refers to this as tactical infra-structure. My tutor on matters affecting border security is the current sector chief of the Rio Grande Valley sector, Manny Padilla, who has had a lot of experience in Arizona, Texas, and California. He says that each and every place along the border, each of which is unique in its own way, requires a combination of three things. He said it requires infra-structure—call it defense, call it a wall, call it a barrier; whatever you call it, that’s one piece of it. But the second is technological; it is tech-nology. It is an aerostat balloon in the sky, it is ground sensors, it is radar, it is a UAV—an unmanned aerial vehi-cle—but it basically is tied up in a sys-tem that is complemented by boots on the ground, by the Border Patrol, which is an essential component. So when Manny Padilla says that border security at each place along the border involves infrastructure, technology, and people, what he is saying is that we should leave to the experts how to deploy each of these items where it makes the most sense. In Big Bend, out in West Texas, I have flown over the cliffs there that are 3,200 feet tall, that look down into the Rio Grande River. You don’t need to build a fence there. You don’t need to build a wall there. But if you go to San Diego, CA, or to some of the cor-ridors or to the hard-to-control places on the Texas-Mexico border, maybe what you would prefer to do is to have a technological solution. Or in an urban area, where it is easy to dart across the border into the United States and melt into the urban land-scape, maybe it makes sense to have fencing and tactical infrastructures and walls, where appropriate. Being able to put in place the right mix of infrastructure, personnel, and technology will enable us to begin to regain the public’s confidence on this issue because if we address the plight of these young adults but do not ad-dress the cause of the problem, which is illegal immigration—which is how they got here, being brought here by their parents—we will be back here ar-guing the same issue a decade from now. I stand ready to work, and I am glad our Democratic colleagues have joined us today in reopening the government so we can work on finding a solution to our border security and immigration challenges. We are all working, and have been for months, on a path for-ward on DACA, and we will continue to do so now that the government has re-opened. We can roll up our sleeves, work with the White House, work with our colleagues in the House and the Senate, and come up with solutions to the four items the President has identi-fied for us. I welcome ideas from our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, in both Chambers, and certainly from the President himself. Work on this issue will require an effort by all of us. Now it is up to the House to do its job, after we pass this continuing resolution for 3 weeks, and move us past the shutdown. Let’s reopen the government and all get back to work. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 195 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 33. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 33) providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 195. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 33) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017—Continued 
VOTE ON MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT  
NO. 1917 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I know of no further debate on the mo-tion to concur with amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the question is on agreeing to the motion to concur in the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.016 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES438 January 22, 2018 
amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 195, with further amendment. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from AZ (Mr. M
CCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 81, nays 18, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 17 Leg.] YEAS—81 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—18 
Blumenthal Booker Cortez Masto Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hirono Leahy Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Paul Sanders Tester Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, after 3 days of an unnecessary lapse in funding, a bipartisan majority has brought the Democratic leader’s ex-traordinary filibuster to an end and passed a bipartisan bill to reopen the Federal Government. As I have said repeatedly over the past week, shutting down the govern-ment is an irresponsible way to do business. It does not reflect the seri-ousness with which I know my col-leagues on both sides would like to ap-proach the people’s business here in the Senate. All our important work for the American people had to be put on hold while this manufactured crisis was dealt with. We made no substantive progress—not one inch—on the serious bipartisan negotiations that it will take to solve issues such as immigra-tion, border security, healthcare, de-fense spending, and many other mat-ters. I am glad we can finally get back to work here. Amid the political gamesmanship, the past 3 days have highlighted the commitment of many of my colleagues to honest and bipartisan work. I would like to particularly thank Senator GRAHAM , Senator C OLLINS , Senator F
LAKE , and several of our Democratic colleagues who worked tirelessly to bring this impasse to a conclusion. Soon, Federal operations will be get-ting back to normal for the American people. We all know what comes next— challenging negotiations on a host of serious issues. The weeks ahead will re-quire the best from all of us. I hope we can remember some lessons from this regrettable incident. Brinksmanship and hostage-taking do not work. They make bipartisan progress harder, not easier, to achieve. Senators must focus on the common good of the American people, not the warped priorities—the warped prior-ities—of extreme voices, no matter how loudly they shout at us to do other-wise. With the pointless, damaging, par-tisan theatrics of this government shutdown behind us, serious and bipar-tisan negotiations can resume. We have been talking for months about how to address military spending, disaster re-lief, healthcare, immigration, and bor-der security, and the rest of Congress’s unfinished business. Now those talks can get going again. Whether they bear fruit is up to all of us. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 594, Jerome Pow-ell. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Jerome H. Powell, of Mary-land, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem for a term of four years. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a term of four years. Mitch McConnell, John Boozman, Jerry Moran, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Richard Burr, Ben Sasse, Richard C. Shelby, Cory Gard-ner, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Shel-ley Moore Capito, John Hoeven, Dan Sullivan, Rob Portman, John Thune. f LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 597, Alex Azar. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indi-ana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. Mitch McConnell, John Boozman, Jerry Moran, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Richard Burr, Ben Sasse, Richard C. Shelby, Cory Gard-ner, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Shel-ley Moore Capito, John Hoeven, Dan Sullivan, Rob Portman, John Thune. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 620, Sam Brown-back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Samuel Dale Brownback, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.018 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S439 January 22, 2018 
Kansas, to be Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Samuel Dale Brownback, of Kan-sas, to be Ambassador at Large for Inter-national Religious Freedom. Mitch McConnell, John Boozman, Jerry Moran, Marco Rubio, Deb Fischer, John Barrasso, Richard Burr, Ben Sasse, Richard C. Shelby, Cory Gard-ner, Mike Crapo, James E. Risch, Shel-ley Moore Capito, John Hoeven, Dan Sullivan, Rob Portman, John Thune. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
FISA AMENDMENTS REAUTHORIZATION ACT Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, providing for the security of the Amer-ican people is one of our greatest re-sponsibilities. I salute the officers and analysts in our intelligence commu-nity, who are integral in combating our adversaries and protecting our citi-zenry. The section 702 Prograin, au-thorized by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, FISA, is an essential tool in our fight against international terrorism. An equally great responsibility, how-ever, is safeguarding the individual lib-erties enshrined in our Constitution, and it is this debate—the debate on the balance between national security and privacy protections—that is so funda-mental to our Nation’s history and our democracy. The proponents of FISA 702 reform raised a series of concerns about how the program could compromise the pri-vate communications of law-abiding American citizens and proposed amend-ments to address those concerns. I be-lieve the Senate should have had an op-portunity to debate, consider and vote on those proposals before reauthorizing section 702 for 6 more years. Unfortunately, the Senate Repub-lican leadership shuttered this critical debate by preventing amendments from consideration. For this reason, I voted against the FISA Amendments Reau-thorization Act of 2017. f 
TRIBUTE TO EMILY PATROLIA Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Ms. Emily Patrolia, a Knauss Sea Grant fellow on the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and other members of the committee over the past year. Ms. Patrolia has used her scientific expertise to inform public policy. I would like to extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to Ms. Patrolia for all of the fine work she has done. Ms. Patrolia has had a significant impact during her time as a fellow. She has worked on several pieces of legisla-tion that have passed the Senate and several others being considered by the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. Her contributions have helped ensure the proper management of our natural resources and the con-tinued protection and prosperity of our Nation. I would like to extend my sin-cere thanks and appreciation to Ms. Patrolia and wish her success in the years to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING SHAWN BRIMLEY ∑Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I wish to pay tribute to my friend, Shawn Brimley. Earlier this month, Shawn was stolen from this world at the ten-der age of 40, after being diagnosed with colon cancer in early December. What Shawn Brimley accomplished in 40 years was simply breathtaking, and the story of the life he lived, brimming with passion for his family, his friends, his vocation, and his country, is one that this U.S. Senate should hear. Shawn was eulogized correctly as one of the leading American national secu-rity intellectuals, but he didn’t start off as an American. He was born out-side of Toronto, Canada, and served for 5 years in the Canadian Army before attending Queen’s University in On-tario. After college, he traveled to Tokyo to teach English, and there met the love of his life, Marjorie Clark. They relocated to Washington, where Shawn quickly became one of the founding members of the Center for New American Security, CNAS, a de-fense and foreign policy think tank that gave rise to many of the top secu-rity staffers of the Obama administra-tion. At CNAS, and then during two stints in the Obama administration, first as a special adviser at the Pentagon and then as director of strategic planning at the National Security Council, Shawn helped develop the Pentagon’s ‘‘third-offset strategy,’’ which foresaw a future military conflict with Russia or China that would heavily depend on technology and robotics. Shawn’s out- of-the-box focus on the future of mili-tary conflicts pushed our national se-curity leadership to innovate and adapt. America is safer for his con-tributions. Shawn’s enthusiasm for this work was driven by a sense that America could be a true force for good and order in the world. His boss at the White House, Derek Chollet, said: ‘‘Maybe because he was an immigrant, he really believed in the power of American leadership and America’s unique role in the world. There was that idealism about him.’’ Both in the Obama administration and at CNAS, Shawn was renowned for his mentorship of younger national se-curity professionals. The day after his passing, staffers who had worked under Shawn remarked on social media how Shawn often went out of his way to be-friend and guide newer entrants to the field. So many young national security professionals in Washington attended his funeral, a testament to the reach of his influence and generosity during his short 20 years in the field. But as his wife remarked during her beautiful eulogy, Shawn knew that ‘‘work was work.’’ Home, for Shawn, was his center of gravity. This is the setting in which I came to know Shawn over the past few years. Our home in Washington is just a few blocks from the Brimleys in northwest Washington. Our children are schoolmates, and I got to see up close over the past several years how utterly devoted Shawn was to his family and friends. My son regu-larly reports that his oldest daughter is the nicest, most generous student in his class. His sons are spirited, pre-cocious, and kind-hearted. They were, and are, their father’s children. His generosity extended to his friends. Every weekend, I return to Connecticut, and one night, when I was away, the basement of our Washington house flooded. My wife sent out a text to our neighbors asking for advice, and literally, within minutes, Shawn was knocking on our door. Having dealt with a similar problem at their house, Shawn, constantly the oversharer, was eager to dispense all the knowledge he had gained regarding flood remedi-ation. After an exhaustive consulta-tion, he went home and looked up every part and device he recommended my wife buy and sent her a comprehen-sive email with the links to the websites where she could get the best deal. I imagine most of Shawn’s other friends have similar stories. To his co-workers, his family, and his friends, Shawn was a superman. In preparing for his 40th birthday, Shawn decided to get in shape. He be-came a fanatical crossfit enthusiast and, upon his diagnosis, was in argu-ably the best condition of his life. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.025 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES440 January 22, 2018 
part of the reason why his death is so unfathomable. A young man who had done everything right—built an amaz-ing family, gave so much to his coun-try, kept himself physically strong— was stolen from us, in an instant. It gives us all cause to take stock of our own lives, knowing that our time on this Earth can be so cruelly fleeting. What I know about Shawn Brimley is that he lived 80 years of life in half the time. He didn’t want to leave this Earth, but as he told his friends in an email sent just days before he passed, he wouldn’t have changed a single thing about his life if he could. That is a standard by which we would all be wise to measure ourselves.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4102. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oranges, Grapefruit, Tangerines, and Pummelos Grown in Florida and Imported Grapefruit; Change in Size Requirements for Grapefruit’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0063; SC17–905–1 IR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 17, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4103. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pecans Grown in the States of Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Florida, Geor-gia, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Carolina, and Texas; Establishment of Reporting Requirements and New Informa-tion Collection’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–17– 0032, SC17–986–2 FR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 17, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4104. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Hazelnuts Grown in Oregon and Wash-ington; Increased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0036; SC17–982–1 FR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 17, 2018; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–4105. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Walnuts Grown in California; Decreased As-sessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–17– 0035; SC17–984–1 FIR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 17, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4106. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Operational Energy Budget Certification Report’’; to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices; and Appropriations. EC–4107. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘End Use Certificates (EUCs)’’ (RIN0790–AJ05; DOD–2017–OS–0004) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 18, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4108. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Community Reinvestment Act Regula-tions’’ (RIN3064–AE58) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 17, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4109. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice and Procedure (2018 Ad-justment to Civil Money Penalties)’’ (RIN3064–AE71) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 18, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4110. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Agency Reorganization’’ (RIN3133–AE81) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 18, 2018; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4111. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (New York: Montgomery County, City of Amsterdam)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2017–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 18, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4112. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Louisiana: Beauregard Parish, Unincorporated Areas)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2017–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 18, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4113. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Commerce’s ‘‘2018 Report on Foreign Policy-Based Export Con-trols’’; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4114. A communication from the Chief of the Regulations and Standards Branch, Bureau of Safety and Environmental En-forcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oil and Gas and Sulphur Op-erations in the Outer Continental Shelf- Lease Civil Penalty Inflation Adjustment’’ (RIN1014–AA36) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 18, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4115. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Interior, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, an annual report related to the Colorado River System Reservoirs for 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4116. A communication from the Regu-latory Affairs Specialist, Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Department of the In-terior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Oil Spill Financial Responsibility Adjustment of the Limit of Liability for Offshore Facilities’’ (RIN1010– AD98) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 17, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4117. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Commissioner, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 17, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4118. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Commissioner, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Depart-ment of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 18, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4119. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, six (6) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 18, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4120. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of State, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the interdiction of aircraft engaged in illicit drug trafficking; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4121. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Delays in Approvals of Applications Re-lated to Citizen Petitions and Petitions for Stay of Agency Action for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4122. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘18-Month Extension of Transition Period and Delay of Applica-bility Dates; Best Interest Contract Exemp-tion (PTE 2016–01); Class Exemption for Prin-cipal Transactions in Certain Assets Be-tween Investment Advice Fiduciaries and Employee Benefit Plans and IRAs (PTE 2016– 02); Prohibited Transaction Exemption 84–24 for Certain Transactions Involving Insurance Agents and Brokers, Pension Consultants, Insurance Companies, and Investment Com-pany Principal Underwriters (PTE 84–24); Correction’’ (ZRIN1210–ZA27) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 17, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.020 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S441 January 22, 2018 
EC–4123. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to a vacancy in the Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 18, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4124. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant General Counsel for the Divi-sion of Regulatory Services, Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, De-partment of Education, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Na-tional Institute on Disability and Rehabili-tation Research (NIDRR) and Independent Living Programs, Outdated, Superseded Reg-ulations’’ (RIN1820–AB76) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Janu-ary 19, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4125. A communication from the Chief Financial Officer, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Performance and Account-ability Report for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–4126. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 19, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4127. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects: Delay of the Revisions to the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects’’ (40 CFR Part 26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 19, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–4128. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Health, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects: Delay of the Revisions to the Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects’’ (RIN0937–AA06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4129. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Employees Health Benefits Program: Removal of Eligible and Ineligible Individuals from Existing Enroll-ments’’ (RIN3206–AN09) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 22, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–161. A resolution adopted by the City Council of the City of Richmond, California memorializing its support for net neutrality and open Internet access for all; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. POM–162. A resolution adopted by the City Council of the City of Pascagoula, Mis-sissippi, urging the United States Congress to keep its commitment under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act to share OCS revenues with Gulf producing states and their coastal political subdivisions and to ensure that Jackson County can continue to provide the nation with critical energy sup-plies and maintain and improve the infra-structure that is necessary to do so; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. COCHRAN: S. Con. Res. 33. A concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 195; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 2121 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2121, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire reporting of certain data by pro-viders and suppliers of air ambulance services for purposes of reforming re-imbursements for such services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2324 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2324, a bill to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to change certain requirements relating to the capital structure of business development com-panies, to direct the Securities and Ex-change Commission to revise certain rules relating to business development companies, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 368 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) and the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 368, a resolu-tion supporting the right of all Iranian citizens to have their voices heard. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 33—PROVIDING FOR A COR-RECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 195 Mr. COCHRAN submitted the fol-lowing concurrent resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. C ON. RES. 33 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That in the enroll-ment of the bill H.R. 195, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the fol-lowing corrections: (1) Insert before section 1 the following: ‘‘DIVISION A—FEDERAL REGISTER PRINTING SAVINGS ACT OF 2017’’. (2) In section 1, strike ‘‘Act’’ and insert ‘‘division’’. (3) Insert before section 2002 the following: ‘‘SEC. 154 (a) Employees furloughed as a re-sult of any lapse in appropriations which be-gins on or about January 20, 2018, shall be compensated at their standard rate of com-pensation, for the period of such lapse in ap-propriations, as soon as practicable after such lapse in appropriations ends. ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, ‘em-ployee’ means: ‘‘(1) a Federal employee; ‘‘(2) an employee of the District of Colum-bia Courts; ‘‘(3) an employee of the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia; or ‘‘(4) a District of Columbia Government employee. ‘‘(c) All obligations incurred in anticipa-tion of the appropriations made and author-ity granted by this division for the purposes of maintaining the essential level of activity to protect life and property and bringing about orderly termination of Government functions, and for purposes as otherwise au-thorized by law, are hereby ratified and ap-proved if otherwise in accord with the provi-sions of this division. ‘‘S
EC. 155. (a) If a State (or another Federal grantee) used State funds (or the grantee’s non-Federal funds) to continue carrying out a Federal program or furloughed State em-ployees (or the grantee’s employees) whose compensation is advanced or reimbursed in whole or in part by the Federal Govern-ment— ‘‘(1) such furloughed employees shall be compensated at their standard rate of com-pensation for such period; ‘‘(2) the State (or such other grantee) shall be reimbursed for expenses that would have been paid by the Federal Government during such period had appropriations been avail-able, including the cost of compensating such furloughed employees, together with in-terest thereon calculated under section 6503(d) of title 31, United States Code; and ‘‘(3) the State (or such other grantee) may use funds available to the State (or the grantee) under such Federal program to re-imburse such State (or the grantee), to-gether with interest thereon calculated under section 6503(d) of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘State’ and the term ‘grantee’ shall have the meaning as such term is defined under the applicable Federal program under subsection (a). In addition, ‘to continue carrying out a Federal program’ means the continued per-formance by a State or other Federal grant-ee, during the period of a lapse in appropria-tions, of a Federal program that the State or such other grantee had been carrying out prior to the period of the lapse in appropria-tions. ‘‘(c) The authority under this section ap-plies with respect to any period in fiscal year 2018 (not limited to periods beginning or end-ing after the date of the enactment of this division) during which there occurs a lapse in appropriations with respect to any depart-ment or agency of the Federal Government which, but for such lapse in appropriations, would have paid, or made reimbursement re-lating to, any of the expenses referred to in this section with respect to the program in-volved. Payments and reimbursements under this authority shall be made only to the ex-tent and in amounts provided in advance in appropriations Acts.’’. (4) Insert after section 2002 the following: ‘‘S
EC. 2003. For the purposes of division D of Public Law 115–56, the time covered by such division shall be considered to include the period which began on or about January 20, 2018, during which there occurred a lapse in appropriations.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JA6.006 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES442 January 22, 2018 
(5) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Making further continuing appropriations for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes’’. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1919. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1917 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 195, to amend title 44, United States Code, to re-strict the distribution of free printed copies of the Federal Register to Members of Con-gress and other officers and employees of the United States, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1919. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1917 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 195, to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the dis-tribution of free printed copies of the Federal Register to Members of Con-gress and other officers and employees of the United States, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end add the following: In section 2001, in the matter being added to the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018, in section 148, strike ‘‘may be obligated and expended notwithstanding section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1))’’ and insert the following: ‘‘, for intelligence or intelligence related activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2018 until the date of the enactment of the Intelligence Authoriza-tion Act for fiscal year 2018’’. f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12 noon on Tuesday, Jan-uary 23; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Powell nomination; fi-nally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator D
AINES . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Montana. f 
PAIN-CAPABLE UNBORN CHILD PROTECTION ACT Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, before I got involved in politics, I spent 28 years in the private sector—small busi-nesses, medium-sized businesses, a For-tune 25 company. The Fortune 25 com-pany was Proctor & Gamble. I spent 14 years with that company, and one of our assignments took us to mainland China. I remember when we were offered the assignment and we took the job. At that time, we had a little boy, David, our first child. He was about 18 months old. Our second child, Annie, was just born, a new baby, several weeks old. We moved to Guangzhou. That was in January of 1992. We were part of leading the team that pioneered the operations for Proc-tor & Gamble back in the early days of the expansion of the company. Today, that geography, in fact, I think is P&G’s second largest geography as it relates to sales in the world. I remember we spent some time with other American families from around the world. There were American fami-lies. There were families from virtually every continent. These expats living over there would spend time going to orphanages. We would go to these orphanages, usually on a Saturday, and we would hold these babies. Sometimes they had disabilities. Some of these babies never received human touch except for when these families—oftentimes American families—would go and hold them. On a positive note, it built in a conscience at that orphanage. They knew the Americans were coming on Saturday. Things got cleaned up, the babies were getting a little better fed, and that was a good thing, but we were fighting on behalf of those who had life and weren’t being treated very well. I want to tell a couple of stories about things that happened while we were over there in China. I was running a large organization. I had many Chi-nese employees who were working for me. I remember one day one of my key managers came and he said: S
TEVE , I need to go to the police station this afternoon. I said: Oh, my word. Is there some-thing wrong? Do you need some help? He said: No, not really. My wife is pregnant, and we did not have permis-sion from the authorities to get preg-nant. I said: Well, what does that mean? He said: Well, that might mean they would terminate the pregnancy, re-quire it. At that moment, I looked at that em-ployee—one of my key managers—and I said: I will do all I need to do, all I can, to ensure that we protect that baby, assuming you want to keep that baby. And he said: My wife and I do want to keep that baby. I said: What does help look like? How can I help you? He said: Well, can I get a case of shampoo? Now, we were making some well- known brands, including Head & Shoul-ders shampoo, Vidal Sassoon, Pantene. We were making Crest toothpaste then and Tide. We had these world-class brands. So I gave him a case of shampoo, and he went downtown to see the authori-ties. That case of shampoo saved the life of that baby, and they now have a beautiful grown daughter. Another day I was at work and my phone rang. My wife Cindy called me. She said: STEVE , you will not believe it, but we just had twin baby girls dropped off on our doorstep in our apartment in Guangzhou. I said: Twin baby girls? Really? At that point, we had three children. We went over to China with two. We had two more, in fact, while we were living over there. At that time, we had three. She said: They are just infants. The story behind that is, there was a mother who lived in the countryside who had one baby, a little girl, and she got pregnant with twins. Because of the one-child policy, she was in trou-ble, and she fled to the countryside. In fact, she was hiding in a remote loca-tion, and her mother would come out to feed the mother and the babies to keep them alive. To make a long story short, we bat-tled for a couple of years because there was no paper trail for these two beau-tiful Chinese babies. There was an American family who worked for Proc-tor & Gamble—one of my associates who wanted to adopt those babies. I can tell you, there was another happy ending this time to that story. They are now two beautiful young women who are living in the United States as U.S. citizens. These stories demonstrate the impor-tance of saving one life at a time. I share these stories because today is the 45th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s decision on Roe v. Wade. I know there is a lot going on at the mo-ment. The Senate just voted to reopen the government. The House will follow shortly. The President will sign that bill. Common sense has prevailed. We have the government open again. In fact, we are reauthorizing the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program for 6 years. Today, in the midst of all of these important issues we are dealing with, we cannot—we must not—forget that each year in the United States, over 600,000 babies lose their fight for life due to abortion. No case of shampoo is able to save them. They never got the chance to be adopted. That is over 600,000 babies a year; 60 million since the Supreme Court’s decision on Roe v. Wade in 1973, 45 years ago today. I told a little bit about David when I started my remarks, our oldest son of our four children. David was born in the United States before we moved to China. I think, as a parent—and if you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JA6.014 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S443 January 22, 2018 
are a parent, you remember that with new babies, when you take them to get their shots, it is much harder on mom and dad than it is on the baby. The baby is screaming and crying from the pain they are feeling, and you as a par-ent want to take away that pain. It is part of the natural response of any mom or dad. Tragically, in this Nation, there are over 13,000 babies aborted that are over 20 weeks old. You see, at 20 weeks, that baby can yawn. It can make faces. It can stretch. The science tells us babies at 20 weeks of age can feel pain. So think about the pain a parent feels when a newborn receives a vaccination, and imagine the pain a baby at 20 weeks and beyond feels if it is being aborted. In fact, when they do in utero surgery at 20 weeks and beyond, they administer anesthesia to that baby. We must continue to fight to protect life at all stages. Certainly, where we can take steps—bipartisan steps—to protect life, we should. I think we might be able to agree that banning elective abortions for babies who are 20 weeks or older—that is 5 months, well past the halfway stage of gestation—we should do that. At the center of this debate is a tiny child, and that baby can’t speak for itself yet. Those babies we fought for in China—whether it was that baby who was saved by a case of shampoo or those twin baby girls who were dropped off on our doorstep—couldn’t speak and fight for their lives. The babies in the womb, their cries aren’t audible. We at least could hear the cries of the twin baby girls. That is why we must act on their behalf. Studies have shown that the vast ma-jority of Americans are in favor of pro-hibiting late-term abortions, of stop-ping elective abortions after 20 weeks. In fact, if you poll millennials, that number is even higher. Why is that? I am not sure I have the precise answer, but one possibility is technology. If you have a smartphone, take it out. I can’t do that because we are prohibited on the floor of the Senate, so I can’t demonstrate it here, but if you have a smartphone or your computer or your iPad, go to Google and just type in ‘‘20 weeks.’’ That is all. You don’t have to type in ‘‘baby.’’ Just type in ‘‘20 weeks’’ and look at what pops up. What you will see are images of what a baby looks like at 20 weeks. I think tech-nology is now convincing millennials that what goes on in the womb at 20 weeks is a life; it is not just a piece of flesh. That is why we need to pass the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. By the way, just last week the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices announced a new Conscience and Religious Freedom Division within its Office of Civil Rights. The administra-tion is committed—and I am grateful they are committed—to enforcing ex-isting conscience laws. I don’t believe anyone should be forced to participate in an activity like abortion that vio-lates their conscience. I am grateful for this administra-tion’s commitment to protecting life and the rights of conscience, and I stand ready to work with them and anyone here on either side of the aisle to advance the cause for life. I have always believed that people will believe those things they discover for themselves. As a parent, you know that you can teach your children, and you can say things to your children, but ultimately it is a process of their discovering something for themselves before they really will believe some-thing. I think that is what is going on right now with millennials and the issue of late-term abortions and the issues of life, because technology is showing all of us—with the incredible clarity of ultrasounds and getting visi-bility of what is going on inside and that amazing miracle of life—that, in-deed, it is a life. Since the Supreme Court’s decision in Roe v. Wade, 60 million babies have lost their lives to abortion. We can honor their memories by acting to end this atrocity. I very much look forward to seeing the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protec-tion Act come to the floor of the Sen-ate. We may have disagreements about when life begins, but let’s all agree that we should stop late-term abor-tions. At 20 weeks is when that little baby can feel pain. I think that is a reasonable place to draw the line to get bipartisan support going forward. Only seven countries in the world allow late- term abortions—seven countries. The United States is on the same list as North Korea. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this most impor-tant legislation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 12 noon tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 5:20 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, January 23, 2018, at 12 noon. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
JOHN H. GIBSON II, OF TEXAS, TO BE CHIEF MANAGE-MENT OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. (NEW POSITION) 
FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
JELENA MCWILLIAMS, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE THOMAS HOENIG, TERM EXPIRING. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
TREVOR D. TRAINA, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA. 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on January 22, 2018 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nation: 
JELENA MCWILLIAMS, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE JEREMIAH O’HEAR NORTON, RESIGNED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JANUARY 8, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Jan 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G22JA6.029 S22JAPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE85 January 22, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LYNN JENKINS 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was absent for Roll Call votes No. 38 and 39 on the afternoon of January 20, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 38 and Present on Roll Call No. 39. 
f 
WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(a) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS RE-PORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Saturday, January 20, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule suspending the rules providing legislation be considered in regular order, what is frequently referred to as a ‘‘martial law’’ rule. I oppose the rule because it is irresponsible and further confirmation of the inability of this President and congressional Republicans’ in-ability to govern. In accepting his party’s presidential nomina-tion, the current President loudly, boldly, and ridiculously declared: ‘‘I alone can fix it!’’ One year later, on the anniversary of his in-auguration, which by the way was witnessed by one of the smallest crowds in history, the verdict is in. The President cannot fix anything; he is not leading the nation and he has failed at his pri-mary and most basic obligation: managing the executive branch of the government and tak-ing care the laws be faithfully executed. But the President’s failure is not his alone, it is shared with Republican acolytes in the House and Senate, who from Day 1 of this Administration has lived in fantasy world where facts and truth and science and good public policy do not matter. This President and our Republican friends across the aisle persist in the mistaken and false belief that the American people are clam-oring to take away affordable quality healthcare for millions of Americans, to vir-tually eliminate taxes on the multinational cor-porations and the top one-percent, to deprive 9 million children of health insurance, and to deport 800,000 law-abiding and patriotic Dreamers from the land they love and only country to which they have ever pledged alle-giance. Mr. Speaker, the reason we are now in this mess of the Republicans’ making is because they consciously chose not to work with Democrats to come to a necessary bipartisan agreement to lift the Budget Control Act (BCA) spending caps, giving appropriators the direc-tion they need for full-year funding bills. The reason given for passing each of the prior Continuing Resolutions was that the extra time was needed to reach a comprehen-sive agreement to fund government operations in a fair and balanced way. Yet, even with the extra time, Republicans made no progress during any of the previous extensions. This should not be surprising; the House GOP is carrying the water for the president, who a few months ago said ‘‘we need a big beautiful shutdown.’’ Mr. Speaker, I will not support a CR that does not include full funding for disaster re-covery for the areas affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and the California wildfires, extends additional health access for veterans, provides funding to combat the opioid epidemic, and protects pensions. And most important, I will not support a CR or budget agreement that does not address and resolve the crisis the Republican Adminis-tration has inflicted on 800,000 Dreamers and their families, including 124,000 Dreamers in my home state of Texas. Instead of acting responsibly to address these issues and fund the government for the remainder of the fiscal year, House Repub-licans continue wasting time. Mr. Speaker, the CR proposed by Repub-licans included a six year reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), which provides health coverage to nine million children, and which Republicans allowed to lapse on September 30, 2017. This is not a meaningful extension. In contrast, making CHIP permanent would not only provide long-term stability for families, providers, and states, it would save $6 billion according to the Congressional Budget Office. CHIP, which enjoys broad public, could have been reauthorized months ago in a stand-alone bill but Republicans chose instead waste months on efforts to repeal the Afford-able Care Act and enact unpaid-for tax cuts for the wealthy. I know firsthand about the important work done through CHIP. My state is home to the Texas Children’s Hospital, and any of my colleagues who be-lieves it is acceptable to play politics with chil-dren’s health clearly does not appreciate the work done there. This CR included additional tax cuts totaling over $26 billion, including a two year delay of the medical device and Cadillac taxes, and a one year delay of the health insurance tax. At the same time, the CR failed to address numerous other expired and expiring health priorities, from funding for community health centers to waiving caps on therapy services for seniors on Medicare, to preventing cuts to safety net hospitals. Mr. Speaker, despite controlling the House, Senate, and the White House, Republicans have not funded the government for the entire year, even though we are already four months into the fiscal year. Democrats, meanwhile, have done the work with which we were tasked. I am a member of the Budget committee and we Democrats proposed a budget that: Respected the needs of all Americans, in-cluding those who serve bravely in the Depart-ment of Defense; Honored the sacrifice of our heroes in uni-form; Protected programs like CHIP, made invest-ments in infrastructure and ensured that Amer-icans have access to quality healthcare. Because the President and congressional Republicans refused to work with Democrats and compromise on how to provide relief from the BCA’s sequester level spending caps, they are lurching from CR to CR—degrading the readiness of our military and preventing gov-ernment agencies from properly serving the American people. This is not a responsible way to govern. Republicans need to work across the aisle with Democrats and get our work done—in-cluding upholding the long-standing precedent of agreeing to parity when providing relief from sequester caps. I urge all Members to reject this Rule and start focusing on the real needs and interests of the American people. 
f 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL HUFF’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Lieutenant Colonel Henry Pope Huff for his service to the Unites States and to Mississippi. Lieutenant Colonel Huff will celebrate his 100th birthday on January 25, 2018. Lieutenant Colonel Huff graduated from For-est County Agricultural High School and is a fellow graduate of the University of Southern Mississippi. Huff joined the Marines in 1941, and honorably served our country in that ca-pacity until 1964. He served as a pilot in World War II, the Korean War, and the early stages of the Vietnam War. During his time serving as a Marine, Lieutenant Colonel Huff also had the privilege of being the personal pilot of two Commandants of the Marine Corps, and during his final tour, was the mili-tary liaison to the Federal Aviation Administra-tion in Washington, D.C. His exceptional record of leadership is unmatched amongst his peers. Upon his retirement in 1964, Lieutenant Colonel Huff returned to Hattiesburg, Mis-sissippi, with his wife and son, but his service to his country and his state was not finished. From the late-1960s to the mid-1970s, Huff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22JA8.001 E22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE86 January 22, 2018 
ran a program called S.T.A.R, Strategic Train-ing and Relocation, for the United States De-partment of Labor. This program matched un-employed workers in Mississippi with employ-ers in different parts of the state. Through his work with this program, Lieutenant Colonel Huff helped to greatly reduce the unemploy-ment rate in Mississippi during that time. Lieutenant Colonel Huff’s life shows us what true commitment and leadership for our coun-try and our state should be. The impact of Huff’s diligent work for the state of Mississippi and the United States is incalculable. His ac-tions should inspire the rest of us to follow his model of exemplary service. I would like to thank Lieutenant Colonel Huff for his honorable service to our country and our state, and I would also like to wish him a very happy 100th birthday. Semper Fi. 
f 
TO RECOGNIZE SGTMAJ JOBE ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sergeant Major Jobe on his retire-ment from the United States Marine Corps after 30 years of service. SgtMaj Jobe enlisted in April 1988 and attended the school of infan-try at Camp Pendleton, California before re-porting to 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines. SgtMaj Jobe served as a machine gunner, machine gun team leader, Troop Handler, Recruiter, and participated in several deployments before earning the rank of Staff Sergeant. After his promotion to Staff Sergeant, Jobe served as Platoon Sergeant and Platoon Com-mander in Company K, 3rd Battalion, 5th Ma-rines, completing deployment with the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit. Post deployment, Jobe served as the Chief Instructor and Fac-ulty Advisor for Career Course at the Staff Noncommissioned Officer’s Academy in Japan. As a Gunnery Sergeant, he was as-signed the Future Operations Chief for III Ma-rine Expeditionary Force before reporting to 1st Battalion, 7th Marines to serve as Com-pany Gunnery Sergeant and later First Ser-geant. During this assignment, Jobe partici-pated in ‘‘The March Up’’ to Baghdad during Operation Iraqi Freedom. During the latter part of his career, Jobe served as the Inspector & Instructor First Ser-geant for Company B, 4th Light Armored Re-connaissance Battalion deploying to Iraq. After selection to Sergeant Major, Jobe served at Recruiting Station Dallas until becoming the Regimental Sergeant Major for the Eight Ma-rine Regiment at Camp Lejeune. While there, Jobe deployed to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom. Jobe was then transferred to 1st Marine Division serving as the Division Sergeant Major where he served as the SgtMaj of the Blue Diamond. SgtMaj Jobe’s decorations include the Bronze Star, Meritorious Service Medal with gold star, the Navy and Marine Corps Com-mendation Medal with Combat ‘‘V’’ and three gold stars, the Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal with Combat ‘‘V’’ and three gold stars, and the Combat Action Rib-bon with Gold Star. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in thank-ing SgtMaj Jobe and his family for their 30 years of service to the nation. I wish Dave, his wife, Kerri; and their sons DJ and Tyler, the best of luck in their future endeavors. f 
REMARKS BY JOHN J. SULLIVAN 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, on December 6, 2017, the Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Advancing Human Rights to Combat Extremism.’’ The hearing focused on ways soft power and human rights diplomacy could ef-fectively combat extremist ideology and poli-cies. I had the privilege to sit down with Dep-uty Secretary of State John Sullivan recently and discuss this issue with him in the context of our ongoing dialogue with the Government of Sudan. Mr. Speaker, Deputy Secretary Sul-livan gave a speech at the Al-Neelain Mosque in Sudan before a variety of faith leaders. In the speech, he makes the case for a values- based diplomacy, and holding countries ac-countable for violations of fundamental human rights, especially religious freedom. I am pleased to include in the R
ECORD the speech he gave with his permission: 
Asalaam Alaikam. I am honored to join all of you here today. I would like to first thank the leaders of the Al-Neelain Mosque for hosting us today and for their gracious hospitality. Many people from different faiths, back-grounds, and cultures have joined us here today to talk about the important work they are undertaking in Sudan to embrace toler-ance and further the goal of mutual respect among all citizens. It was a great privilege to spend time with many of you earlier this morning and to learn about the many ways that interfaith groups are working together to forge a new path forward in Sudan and to move away from divisions based on religion and culture. Our discussion was particularly significant as we continue to build a new relationship between the United States and Sudan. I want you to know that the U.S. government and international community stand with you in this important work. 
THE U .S. COMMITMENT  This is my first visit to your beautiful country. Secretary Tillerson asked me to travel to Khartoum to speak with you and your government about the growing impor-tance of our bilateral relationship. I am here today to underscore one key aspect of that relationship: the shared values of mutual re-spect, tolerance, and religious freedom. I would like to share a bit of my own per-sonal history on these topics, as they are central to who I am. I am the grandson of Irish-Catholic immigrants who arrived in Boston, Massachusetts in the 1880s. At the time they arrived—and for many decades that followed—Catholics in the United States faced widespread prejudice based on their religion. When John F. Kennedy—an-other Catholic from my home state—ran for President of the United States in 1960, he even had to give a prominent speech to reas-sure the nation that his faith was compatible with the duties of the office of President. In the United States today, recalling such history seems quaint. But it was not easy, and it took many decades. Eventually divi-sions were narrowed and mutual under-standing between Catholics and Protestants in the United States improved substantially. Today, it is nearly unthinkable that one’s status as a Catholic in the United States would serve as a disadvantage to one’s ambi-tions for life. The American experience in this regard un-derscores that respect for the human dignity of every person—regardless of religious belief or origin—is a key component of not only protecting human rights, but also fostering a society that can flourish, build upon each other’s strengths, and move forward to-gether. This brings me to one of the purposes of my visit: to make clear that the United States remains deeply committed to positive engagement with Sudan on a wide range of topics—including the protection of religious freedom and the promotion of other human rights throughout your country. This path of closer engagement is new for both of us. In 2015, after decades of strained bilateral relations, the United States began a meas-ured engagement with your government to urge greater progress in various peace proc-esses and to seek positive changes for the people of Sudan—regardless of religion, class, or ethnic background. In June 2016, Sudan and the United States initiated a historic framework for the path forward, the so-called Five Track Engage-ment Plan. This plan outlined five priority areas for constructive engagement, and required the Sudanese government to: (1) cease hostilities in conflict regions, in-cluding the aerial bombardment in Darfur and the Two Areas of South Kordofan and Blue Nile states; (2) improve humanitarian access through-out Sudan so that aid groups could provide vital resources and assistance needed by the Sudanese people; (3) refrain from interfering in South Sudan and instead play a constructive role in re-gional peace efforts; (4) cooperate with regional efforts to counter the Lord’s Resistance Army, and; (5) build U.S.-Sudanese cooperation on counter terrorism, and make both of our countries safer. In each of those five areas, the Government of Sudan has made measureable progress. As a result, last month, the United States formally revoked certain U.S. sanctions on Sudan to open a new chapter in our bilateral relationship. We hope that these positive developments are emblematic of a positive trajectory for the future of our bilateral relationship. But, we also recognize that completion of the Five Track Engagement Plan is only a first step on a longer road toward fully normal-izing our bilateral relations. More hard work is required—from both of our countries. 
NEXT STEPS IN THE RELATIONSHIP  The United States is eager to see Sudan make progress in a range of areas in the months and years ahead, as we work towards a new framework for bilateral engagement. In short, the closer our countries become, the higher our expectations for Sudan will become. This engagement will proceed on several fronts. For Sudan to become a full partner of the United States, it must seek peace within its borders and with its neighbors, and cooper-ate reliably with the international commu-nity to improve security and prosperity in the region and adhere to long-standing inter-national norms. In addition, supporting human rights, in-cluding religious freedom, has been, and will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JA8.003 E22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE87 January 22, 2018 
continue to be, a critical part of the United States’ bilateral engagement with Sudan. In the United States, the protection of the basic rights and freedoms of our citizens is fundamental to who we are as a nation. The Bill of Rights in the U.S. Constitution—our foundational legal document—sets forth pro-tections for individual liberties and prohibi-tions on government power in these realms, including freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of assembly. These are among our most cher-ished rights as Americans, and the protec-tion of human rights and the dignity of the individual has served as a key basis of U.S. foreign policy throughout our history. This history has shown that U.S. partner-ships around the world are strongest and most durable with countries that take the necessary steps to protect the same basic human rights and freedoms that are central in the United States. In the years ahead, one measure of the strength of the U.S-Sudanese relationship will be improvements in Sudan’s respect for human rights and, in particular, religious freedom. Indeed, one of the reasons I am speaking to you today—at the Al-Neelain Mosque, with Sudanese Muslim and Chris-tian leaders—is to emphasize that the United States cares deeply about religious freedom in Sudan. By taking steps to enhance protections for religious freedom, the Government will make the entire country more stable and se-cure. Interfaith understanding, respect, and the protection of religious freedom and other human rights are bulwarks against extre-mism. Religious tolerance is a building block of peace and security and is the mark of re-sponsible governance. The treatment of members of religious minorities is often the ultimate indicator of a government’s com-mitment to these values. When governments favor a specific reli-gious, ethnic, or sectarian group over others, violent radicalism thrives. We also know that governments that sponsor or condone violence against their own people are far more likely to see violent extremism grow-ing in their country. But by protecting every person’s human rights, society is more just, more free, and more stable for everyone. For these reasons, we urge the Government of Sudan to protect basic freedoms of expres-sion, peaceful assembly, association, reli-gion, and movement. The United States calls on Sudan to protect political opposition members, human rights defenders, civil soci-ety groups, and the media. We also urge the government to hold accountable all who are responsible for human rights abuses. On the issue of religious freedom, the United States has continued to designate Sudan as a ‘Country of Particular Concern.’ The State Department’s annual Inter-national Religious Freedom Report noted in-stances of the arrest, detention, and intimi-dation of religious leaders, and the denial of permits for the construction of new church-es; restrictions on non-Muslim religious groups from entering the country; and the censorship of religious material. During my discussions with senior leaders over the last six months, we have welcomed the Sudanese Government’s expressed desire to take steps to overcome its designation as a Country of Particular Concern. However, for that to occur, we must see concrete and demonstrable progress through better poli-cies and improved laws. We have communicated these steps to the Sudanese Government through a proposed ‘Action Plan,’ which we hope Sudan will ap-prove and enact. As an immediate con-fidence-building measure, we have suggested that the Government convene a roundtable with members of religious minority groups about property registration issues, as certain government officials have cited registration issues as the rationale for the demolitions of places of worship. The Government of Sudan, including the Federal States, should also im-mediately suspend demolitions of places of worship, including churches and mosques. President Trump, Vice President Pence, and Secretary Tillerson have made clear that the protection and promotion of reli-gious freedom is a foreign policy priority of the Administration. As we move forward in our relationship, the United States will not ignore violations of human rights, including the right to religious freedom. The United States is ready and willing to assist in these efforts. To that end, we will explore opportunities to work with religious leaders who build bridges through tolerance and interfaith un-derstanding to counter extremism—like those leaders with me here today—while we bring in new voices to further conversations about accountability and inclusive govern-ance. The United States will also review our peo-ple-to-people programs, such as the Young African Leaders Initiative and International Visitor Leadership Program, to identify ways to maximize partnerships and ex-changes with the people of Sudan. I am pleased to see so many alumni here this morning as a testament to the success of these programs. Indeed, we believe that any country-to- country relationship begins on the individual level. We are committed to finding more ave-nues for Sudanese religious and youth lead-ers to advance interfaith efforts for peace. 
OTHER PRIORITIES FOR THE U .S.-SUDAN  
RELATIONSHIP  Before I conclude, I also want to touch on a few other important aspects of the U.S.- Sudan relationship. We recognize that there are ongoing im-pediments, including certain commercial and financial restrictions, on the bilateral rela-tionship between our countries and a lack of normalized diplomatic relations. Further strengthening of our bilateral relationship will require a renewed commitment by the Government of Sudan on other policies be-yond religious freedom. In particular, while restraint and a ces-sation of attacks in conflict areas is a posi-tive step forward, we now expect the Suda-nese government to move closer to a perma-nent ceasefire that will create an opening for a truly inclusive political dialogue in Darfur and the Two Areas. The armed opposition must of course also denounce hostilities and make a commit-ment to a negotiated peace. All parties who have signed the African Union roadmap must live up to their commitment to engage in dialogue toward a resolution of the conflicts and a comprehensive and inclusive political process, and those who have yet to join the process must do so, as there is no other path to peace and improving the conditions of the people living in the conflict areas. As a first step, the opposition should accept the U.S. proposal to facilitate humanitarian aid in conflict areas across lines to help those who are suffering the most. Moving forward, we also encourage the Government to improve cooperation with UNAMID—the AU-UN Hybrid Mission in Darfur. UNAMID protects civilians, facili-tates humanitarian assistance, and mediates conflict at the local and national level in Darfur. This mission—which the United States strongly supports—will continue to be in-strumental to Sudan’s future and greater collaboration with the UN is a win-win prop-osition for the people of Sudan. Violence, war, and ongoing instability are holding Sudan back from a future with great potential. Conflict has affected millions. Hundreds of thousands of Sudanese have been displaced and killed. It is time for a path to reconciliation and peace. Your coun-try’s prosperity and the security of future generations depend on it. The United States calls on all parties to take this opportunity to define a way for-ward that will help all of Sudan’s people. Finally, the United States is also looking for the Sudanese Government to help counter international security threats. In that regard, I very much appreciate and ap-plaud Sudan’s public statements condemning North Korean provocations, and Sudan’s full commitment to compliance with the UN Se-curity Council Resolutions regarding North Korea. Finally, the statements yesterday by the Government of Sudan affirming that it will cut off all ties with North Korea is most welcome. CONCLUSION  Let me conclude by noting that I am deep-ly encouraged by the interactions I have had with the Government and with civil society representatives during my visit here. The re-ligious leaders with whom I met earlier today are a deep source of inspiration. Indeed, there are challenges that lie ahead, but we should all have reason for hope and optimism about the growing engagement be-tween our two countries. Thank you for your hospitality and kind-ness. I look forward to many more opportu-nities to further our goals of a more peaceful and prosperous Sudan—a Sudan that re-spects the rights of persons of every faith. f 
LABORERS INTERNATIONAL UNION OF NORTH AMERICA LOCAL 81 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I recognize Laborers International Union of North America Local 81 as the organization celebrates its 100th anniversary. A century of dedication, hard work, and perseverance is certainly an amazing accomplishment, and the leaders and members of Local 81 are to be commended. In honor of this milestone, a 100th anniversary ceremony will take place on Thursday, Janu-ary 25, 2018, at the Local 81 Union Hall in Valparaiso, Indiana. Laborers Local 81 was founded in 1918 in Gary, Indiana. In the early days, union mem-bers and leaders helped to build the founda-tion for the future success of the organization. Prior to the late 1950’s and early 1960’s, union members worked without receiving health insurance, retirement benefits, or pen-sion benefits. Many of these individuals band-ed together, went on strike, and fought for these benefits, thus allowing today’s members to obtain these benefits for themselves and their families. Under the leadership of Labor-ers International Union of North America Gen-eral President Terry O’Sullivan, as well as Local 81 President and Business Manager, Mike Campbell, Local 81 looks forward to ad-vancement and success over the next 100 years, striving to ‘‘stay united in justice, honor, and strength.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22JA8.005 E22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE88 January 22, 2018 
Laborers Local 81 represents some of the hardest workers in Northwest Indiana. They are the men and women who help construct our roads, bridges, and buildings. They install waterlines, sewer lines, and gas lines. They work to remove hazardous waste and pour concrete, among many other important jobs. They help to build America every day, and I am truly grateful for their service. Northwest Indiana has a rich history of ex-cellence in its craftsmanship and loyalty by its tradesmen. Local 81 is an outstanding exam-ple of these qualities. The leaders and mem-bers of Local 81 have demonstrated their loy-alty to their union and the Northwest Indiana community through their hard work and tire-less dedication. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-guished colleagues to join me in congratu-lating the honorable leaders and members of Laborers Local 81, as well as all of the hard working union men and women throughout the United States. For their outstanding commit-ment to their trade and to improving their com-munities, these outstanding individuals are worthy of the highest praise. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RON AND KATHLEEN M
CPHEE’S RECOGNITION AS OUT-STANDING VOLUNTEERS OF THE YEAR BY THE COLORADO-WYO-MING CHAPTER OF THE NA-TIONAL MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS SOCIETY 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Ron and Kath-leen McPhee on being selected as the Out-standing Volunteers of the Year by the Colo-rado-Wyoming chapter of the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. This outstanding accom-plishment is a sign of their commitment to our community and to our great state. The National Multiple Sclerosis Society is a nation-wide non-profit with the goal of creating a world free of MS and providing resources for those suffering from it and their families. Ron and Kathleen have been supporting and par-ticipating in the organization as the Johnson County ambassadors for three years, inspired by their daughter, who has been fighting MS for 20 years. They have become particularly involved in the Bike MS Bighorn County Clas-sic, where they recruit volunteers and serve lunch to participants. I thank them for their dedication and many contributions to the orga-nization and to helping the many people suf-fering from MS across Wyoming and the coun-try. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to Ron and Kathleen McPhee. They deserve to be extremely proud of this accomplishment. HONORING THE 2017 MCCLYMONDS HIGH SCHOOL WARRIORS 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I stand today to honor the McClymonds High School Warriors football team, which recently won its second straight state championship, becoming the first Oakland high school to accomplish such a feat. McClymonds High in West Oakland, known as ‘‘Mac’’, has a proud history of academic and athletic excellence going back genera-tions. Luminaries such as MLB all-star Curt Flood, hall of famer Frank Robinson, and NBA legend Bill Russell all attended McClymonds before going on to achieve greatness in their respective sports. Last year, the McClymonds Warriors football team became the first high school team in Oakland’s history to win a state championship, when they prevailed over La Jolla Country Day School in the State’s 5A division finals. This year it was certainly the return of the Mac, as the Warriors continued their domi-nance, remaining undefeated during the reg-ular season. In fact, the team has been undefeated in Oakland Athletic League games dating back to 2009. Following the regular season, the Warriors met Visalia’s Golden West High School Trail-blazers in the state Division 5AA football championship, and prevailed in an impressive 42–12 victory to earn their second statewide championship in back-to-back years. The team is led by Coach Mike Peters, who has fostered in his athletes a commitment to excellence and a strong desire to succeed both on the field and in their studies. I commend Coach Peters and his staff for their efforts to promote the development of the McClymonds Warriors football team. I also want to thank all of the team’s family and friends for providing unwavering support of these wonderful student athletes. Lastly, I want to recognize the members of the 2017 McClymonds Warriors football team, and let them know how proud we are of what they have accomplished: Emoreea Fountain; Columbus Lewis; Albert Mitchell; Jamar Julien; Charles Alberty; Ja’vanz Dornners; K’aun Green; Angelo Edgerly; Gary Alexander, Jr.; Dwayne Wash-ington; Semaj Sims; Cory Hayes; Edward Woods; Da’veonne Sanders; Day’marr John-son; Peter Diaz; Monte Smith; D’Shun White; Damon Gardner, Jr.; Montrell Smith; Kelvin Dunn, Jr.; Earl Hollimon; Islee Cassidy; James Willoughby; Huruma Zulu; Ramone Sanders; Mark Hoching; Yaheem Brown; Amani Trigg- Wright; Usama Alomaisi; Andrew Diamond; Jaylen Williams; Charles Joseph; Ramone Kelly; Rashawn Jackson; Xavier Sanders. Congratulations to the McClymonds High School Warriors 2017 Football Champions. You have made Oakland proud. INTRODUCTION OF THE LOW-WAGE FEDERAL CONTRACTOR EM-PLOYEE BACK PAY ACT OF 2018 HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the Low-Wage Federal Contractor Em-ployee Back Pay Act of 2018 to grant back pay to federally-contracted retail, food, custo-dial and security service workers who are fur-loughed during a federal government shut-down this fiscal year (fiscal year 2018). This bill applies to all three branches of the federal government. After the 2013 government shut-down, federal workers received back pay, but not federal contract workers. While I believe that all federal employees and federal contract workers should receive pack pay after a shut-down, we know that we cannot get Congress to make whole all who are hurt by a shut-down. My bill focuses specifically on low-wage federal contract workers, some of whom work here on the Capitol grounds providing Mem-bers of Congress and congressional staff with daily services, because these are the workers most likely to be irretrievably hurt by lost wages during a shutdown. Many federal contract workers earn little more than the minimum wage and receive few, if any, benefits. While some are unionized with a little better wage, all are the lowest-paid workers in the federal government and should not be punished because Congress has failed to do its job to keep the government func-tioning. Congress, historically, has provided back pay to federal employees, who often work in the same buildings as these low-wage contract workers, furloughed during govern-ment shutdowns—but not low-wage contract workers. However, both groups of workers de-serve to be made whole after these shut-downs. I recognize, of course, that contract workers are employees of contractors, but the distinction between federal workers and, at least, the lowest-paid contract workers, who, for example, keep buildings clean, fails when it comes to a deliberate government shut-down. Unlike many other contractors, those who employ low-wage service workers have little latitude to help make up for lost wages. Low-wage, federally-contracted service work-ers can least afford the loss of pay during a shutdown and should not have to go to work every day while everyone else in their federal buildings likely received back pay. The nation’s capital is the high-profile home of the federal government’s complicity with contractors who pay low wages through leases and contracts with federal agencies. At least this legislation would provide some parity to their low-wage federal contract workers. I strongly urge my colleagues to support the legislation. 
f 
HONORING GARY MIZONO 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Gary Mizono, a doctor who has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K22JA8.001 E22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE89 January 22, 2018 
played an important role in shaping the health and well-being of his community for nearly 30 years. Gary Mizono’s life has been intrinsically tied to Northern California. The second generation of his family to be born in San Francisco, Dr. Mizono completed both his medical residencies there, after finishing his medical degree at the University of California San Diego School of Medicine. Upon completing his medical training, Dr. Mizono decided to stay in San Francisco and built a successful private practice with other respected doctors. After seven years, Dr. Mizono joined San Rafael’s Kaiser Permanente Medical Center in 1992, where he has been ever since. Gary Mizono provided much needed leader-ship, expertise, and energy to Kaiser’s North-ern California operations. The medical center, located in Mann County, California, had only been established 16 years prior to his hiring. In that time, the community’s growing need for primary and specialty medical care led Kaiser to establish satellite facilities throughout the County of Mann and the neighboring County of Sonoma. These facilities ultimately ex-panded Kaiser’s overall patient network in the region to the over 100,000 members that have access to medical services today. Gary Mizono began his career at the med-ical center as a Head and Neck Surgeon. After only three years he was promoted to the position of Chief of Head and Neck Surgery, and five years after that he earned the added role of Assistant Physician-in-Chief. By 2007, Dr. Mizono took on a much larger administra-tive role as the Physician-in-Chief for the med-ical center, and a much larger leadership role as a Long-Term Director on the Permanente Medical Group Board of Directors. These posi-tions greatly expanded both his direct impact on Mann County as a doctor, and his indirect impact on the broader Northern California medical community. In these roles, Dr. Mizono oversaw the coordination of innovative medical practices through the collaboration of over 9,000 Physicians and Nurse Practitioners, serving a combined population of over 3.8 mil-lion members. Mr. Speaker, Gary Mizono has not only di-rectly served his community as a doctor, but he has also helped shape the health and well- being of the broader Northern California Com-munity through his administrative and leader-ship roles. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to join me in honoring Gary Mizono on the occa-sion of his retirement. 
f 
IRANIAN PROXIES TERRORIST SANCTIONS ACT OF 2017 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the recent sanctions applied to Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. But there’s more work to be done. Iranian proxy militias with American blood on their hands operate throughout the Middle East, especially in countries like Iraq and Syria. Mr. S
HERMAN  and I introduced H.R. 4238, the Iranian Prox-ies Terrorist Sanctions Act of 2017. This reso-lution will apply terrorist sanctions on two of the most dangerous Iranian proxy militias in Iraq and Syria. By targeting these two groups, we will combat Iran’s expansionism while sig-naling to regional partners we will not allow their citizens to be used as Iranian pawns. Our gains against ISIS in Syria and Iraq have been followed by Iran filling the vacuum—turning our victories into defeats. MS, we must turn the tide against Iran’s conquest of the Middle East. We must designate these two groups for what they are: terrorists dedicated to carrying out the bloody will of the Supreme Leader in Tehran. I urge all Members to cosponsor this important bill, H.R. 4238. And that’s just the way it is. f 
PASSAGE OF THE CONTINUING RESOLUTION 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I represent Virginia’s 11th District, which has the third largest population of federal employees. Government shutdowns have a devastating effect on people’s lives. It is shameful that the President and Repub-licans have inflicted this shutdown on the American public. This shutdown has created enormous un-certainty and anxiety for families who are try-ing to be good public servants. Furloughed federal employees across the country have had to deal with the stress and uncertainty of not knowing when they will be able to return to work, whether they will be paid, and how they will be able to pay their mortgage and provide for their families. While this three-week continuing resolution ensures back pay for federal employees, it does not address the timing of pay for those who have been furloughed or have had to work without pay for up to three days. I urge Federal agencies to take the nec-essary steps to ensure that their employees are made whole on the next regular pay date. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, today the House of Representatives will vote on a con-tinuing resolution to reopen the federal gov-ernment and fully fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program. I will be unable to be present for the vote in order to attend the fu-neral of my wife’s mother. It is important that I be with my wife at this critical time. Although I will not cast a vote, my support for this legislation is clear. I voted for the con-tinuing resolution on January 18, 2018, and have voted in support of Children’s Health In-surance Program funding on four separate oc-casions. After a senseless government shut-down, I will be grateful that a conclusion will be reached and funding for our military, vul-nerable children, and essential government services will be restored. MOTION TO CONCUR IN THE SEN-ATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 195 HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this so-called ‘‘deal’’ on a three-week continuing resolution (CR) be-cause it does not get us any closer to a bipar-tisan budget agreement that will enable us to complete our work on the appropriations bills for Fiscal Year 2018, and because it does not give us any meaningful certainty about a deal for the Dreamers. Without a broad agreement on spending levels, we are yet again kicking the can down the road, for the fourth time in just this fiscal year alone. Governing by repeated CRs leaves federal agencies such as our Depart-ment of Defense unable to plan for the future or begin new initiatives. That undermines our national security and leaves our homeland more vulnerable. It is not how the appropria-tions process is supposed to work. Before the end of FY 2017, Speaker P
AUL R
YANsaid that a continuing resolution to keep the government open after September 30th would be necessary because the Senate would not be able to process the appropria-tions bills as quickly as the House so, and I quote, ‘‘we’re going to need more time to com-plete our appropriations process, particularly in the Senate.’’ So Democrats voted to keep the government open in September and they helped keep it open again on December 8 and December 22. And here we are again. Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House. Yet despite their full control of government, they are no closer to passing the spending bills that support programs and services im-portant to American families and our military than they were four months ago. Once again they are saying trust us and give us even more time. Some of my Senate colleagues have de-cided to vote for this bill because Senate Re-publican Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL has prom-ised to take up legislation by February 8 to keep our government running and to address the plight of Dreamers. But I am deeply skep-tical. After all, Senator M
CCONNELL has made a lot of promises recently that he has failed to keep. Senator M
CCONNELL promised Senator C OL-
LINS that bills to stabilize the Affordable Care Act markets would be ‘‘must-pass bills’’ by the end of 2017 in exchange for her vote for the Republican tax bill. There has been no action. Senator F
LAKE announced that Senator M
CCONNELL promised him a vote on DACA in exchange for his support of the tax reform bill, but there has been no action on M
CCONNELL ’s promise. And when a shutdown loomed before pas-sage of the FY 2017 omnibus, Senator M
CCONNELL said that neither that bill nor the FY 2018 appropriations bills ‘‘can be done by one party only. All of that will have to be done on a bipartisan basis.’’ Yet there has only been partisan action on appropriations bills. It is difficult to trust a promise from a Sen-ator who has a history of breaking promises. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22JA8.009 E22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE90 January 22, 2018 
Also unsettling and adding to skepticism is the fact that there is no commitment from Speaker R
YANto bring up a Senate bill to fund the gov-ernment and help Dreamers. There is also no commitment from the president that he would sign a Senate bill—and even if there was, there is no guarantee he won’t again change his mind at a moment’s notice. As a member of the Appropriations Com-mittee, and as one of the original authors of the Dream Act, I believe we must act now. We can’t keep kicking the can down the road on difficult decisions about government spending, and we can’t leave Dreamers living in fear and uncertainty. I oppose this CR because we need to vote on permanent solutions on the urgent issues facing our nation including com-munity health clinics, opioid addiction, Dream, and worker pensions, among others. 
f 
MOTION TO CONCUR IN THE SEN-ATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT H.R. 195 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I will vote today to re-open the government and provide certainty to 17,000 children in Con-necticut and their families who depend on the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP). The reality is that the Republicans control the levers of the federal government—the House, the Senate, and the Executive branch. While some of my Republican colleagues, like Sen-ators S
USAN COLLINS and L INDSEY GRAHAM , have worked on a bipartisan solution, the Re-publican leadership has failed the most basic of their responsibilities—to lead and to keep the federal government open. While CR’s are harmful in general, I will vote for a short-term extension only through February 8th as a sign of good faith as I be-lieve it is better to negotiate with the govern-ment open rather than closed. If the Repub-licans renege on their commitments, it will be clear to the American people they can neither govern nor keep their word with regards to funding community health centers, opioid fund-ing, protecting young people who were brought to this country as children from being deported, and funding for our military and do-mestic programs. This is the fourth CR that we have passed to keep the government open. Our military and federal agencies need a year-long budget in order to plan and to effectively execute the functions of government. My Republican col-leagues have committed to coming to the table and working on solutions for the opioid epidemic, disaster relief funding, and a solu-tion for the 700,000 DREAMers in the next three weeks. The United States government made a deal with these young people and de-spite the President’s edict to deport them if so-lutions are not made in Congress, it is now on the Republicans to work with us, as they have promised to govern responsibly. I will hold the Republicans accountable for their promises and so will the American people. IN CELEBRATION OF JOHN HARTIG’S DISTINGUISHED LEAD-ERSHIP AT THE DETROIT RIVER INTERNATIONAL WILDLIFE REF-UGE HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Hartig on the day of his retire-ment from the Detroit River International Wild-life Refuge, the only International Wildlife Ref-uge in North America. His distinguished lead-ership has helped shape a new future for the Detroit River and surrounding wildlife. A longtime Michigan resident, Mr. Hartig fondly recalls childhood vacations up north and weekends spent fishing on Belle Isle. His exposure to Michigan’s wildlife and under-standing of intense lake and river pollution in-spired him to receive his Doctorate in Lim-nology, the study of inland waters, from the University of Windsor and begin what would become a lifetime of work restoring and trans-forming the Great Lakes states through clean-up and public education. Mr. Hartig has held various positions over the years including serving as an environmental scientist at the International Joint Commission, as an adjunct professor at Wayne State University, and as River Navigator for the Greater Detroit Amer-ican Heritage River Initiative before being named Refuge Manager at the Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge, a position he has held since 2004. In these positions, Mr. Hartig has overseen the transformation of the Detroit River, which was one of the most polluted wa-terways in the country in the 1960s, the revival of various animal populations including the bald eagle and lake sturgeon, as well as in-creasing public access to Michigan’s beautiful natural lands. Mr. Hartig is a leading voice nationwide due to his conservation work, and Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge was singled out at the 2006 White House Conference on Co-operative Conservation as a national model in public-private partnerships for conservation and sustainability. In addition to being a long time board member of the Detroit RiverFront Conservancy, Mr. Hartig is a prolific writer on the Great Lakes and has received many awards including the John Muir Association’s 2015 Conservationist of the Year and the 2013 Conservation Advocate Award from the Michigan League of Conservation Voters. He was recently selected as a Fulbright scholar and will spend the next three years in that ca-pacity traveling the Great Lakes region and continuing his lifetime’s work of addressing pollution and reviving public lands. Mr. Hartig has been an invaluable leader, and we look forward to his continued work protecting our precious natural resources. He will be greatly missed at the Wildlife Refuge, but his legacy will provide a solid foundation for its future. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring John Hartig for his lifetime of con-servation work and invaluable contributions to our state. He has forever changed the Great Lakes ecosystem through his passion, hard work and ingenuity. IN HONOR OF LINDA WEPPNER FOR RECEIVING THE GREATER CHEYENNE CHAMBER OF COM-MERCE’S WOMEN’S LEADERSHIP AWARD HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Linda Weppner for receiving the Women’s Leadership Award from the Greater Cheyenne Chamber of Com-merce. Every year, the Cheyenne Women’s Entre-preneur Roundtable recognizes a woman who exhibits outstanding leadership in their profes-sions and service to others with the Women’s Leadership Award. It recognizes those who go above and beyond for their businesses and for their community. Linda has made an excellent example for her family, friends, and residents across the state through her hard work, tenac-ity, and passion for her work and community. As the broker/owner of Century 21 Bell Real Estate, Linda enjoys helping people turn their dreams of owning a home into a reality. Her leadership and service to others is apparent through her involvement in real estate edu-cation, instructing aspiring realtors, and partici-pating on multiple boards and organizations. She served as the president of the Cheyenne Board of Realtors and the Cheyenne Multiple Listing Service, and is currently a member of the board for the Wyoming Association of Re-altors, the Greater Cheyenne Chamber of Commerce, and the Women’s Civic League of Cheyenne, to name a few. Linda is committed to supporting her community in all aspects of her life and I thank her for her dedication and significant contributions. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to the 2017 recipient of the Greater Cheyenne Chamber of Commerce’s Women’s Leadership Award, Linda Weppner. She and her family deserve to be extremely proud of this accomplishment. 
f 
IRAN AND NORTH KOREA’S REGIMES 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, January 22, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Iran and North Korea continue to threaten the world with their nuclear ambitions. But they do not just terrorize the international community. Iran and North Korea systematically repress and persecute their own people. We all saw what the Ayatollah did to the peaceful protesters of the Green Movement in 2009. And that was nothing new. Iran has been torturing and kill-ing its own people since 1979. Hundreds of thousands of North Koreans are held in polit-ical prisoner camps. They are beaten and tor-tured. Live abortions and killings of newborns are standard procedures there. We must ex-pose these murderous regimes for what they are. More than sanctions, these regimes should fear the millions they enslave and re-press. Our strategy must be expanded beyond sanctions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A22JA8.013 E22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE91 January 22, 2018 
We need to double down on our efforts to amplify the voices of the Iranian and North Ko-rean people who yearn to be free. Both of these regimes are illegitimate. They must be held accountable. Their victims must be heard. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Jan-uary 23, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JANUARY 24 9:30 a.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine turning 65, focusing on navigating critical deci-sions to age well. SD–562 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Michael B. Brennan, of Wis-consin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Daniel Desmond Domenico, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colorado, and Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Congressional Budget Office. SD–608 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To receive a closed briefing on global nu-clear developments. SVC–217 3 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine officer per-sonnel management and the Defense Officer Personnel Management Act of 1980. SR–222 JANUARY 25 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine global chal-lenges and United States national secu-rity strategy. SD–G50 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States reform, focusing on Administra-tion perspectives on the essential ele-ments. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the Wireless Emergency Alert system. SR–253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine reauthor-izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on access and innovation. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investiga-tions To hold hearings to examine combating the opioid crisis, focusing on exploiting vulnerabilities in international mail. SD–342 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Frank T. Brogan, of Pennsyl-vania, to be Assistant Secretary for El-ementary and Secondary Education, Department of Education. SD–430 JANUARY 30 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Melissa F. Burnison, of Ken-tucky, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Congressional and Intergov-ernmental Affairs), Susan Combs, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior, Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be Solicitor of the Depart-ment of the Interior, Anne Marie White, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Management), and subcommittee as-signments for the 115th Congress; to be immediately followed an oversight hearing to examine the role of the Geo-logical Survey and the Forest Service in preparing for and responding to nat-ural hazard events, as well as the cur-rent status of mapping and monitoring systems. SD–366 FEBRUARY 14 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine the current readiness of United States forces. SR–222 
POSTPONEMENTS 
JANUARY 24 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine reauthor-izing the Department of Homeland Se-curity, focusing on positioning DHS to address new and emerging threats to the Homeland. SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JA8.016 E22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D77 Monday, January 22, 2018 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 195, Continuing Appropria-tions Act, with further amendment. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S429–S443 Measures Introduced: One resolution was intro-duced, as follows: S. Con. Res. 33.
                     Page S441 
Measures Passed: Enrollment Correction: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 33, providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 195.
                                                     Pages S437, S441 
House Messages: Continuing Appropriations Act: By 81 yeas to 18 nays (Vote No. 17), Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 195, to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the distribu-tion of free printed copies of the Federal Register to Members of Congress and other officers and employ-ees of the United States, with McConnell Amend-ment No. 1917 (to the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to the bill), of a perfecting na-ture, after taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto:
            Pages S429–38 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate took the following action: By 81 yeas to 18 nays (Vote No. 16), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to con-cur in the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 1917 (to the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to the bill) (listed above). 
                                                                                      Pages S429–38 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Appropria-tions, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 1918, to change the enactment date, fell when clo-ture was invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 1917 (to the House Amendment to the Senate Amendment to the bill) (listed above).            Page S429 
Motion to invoke cloture on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, was rendered moot.
                                                                                  Page S429 
McConnell motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (Vote No. 14), was rendered moot. Powell Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
                             Page S438 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Wednesday, January 24, 2018.
                                                       Page S438 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
         Page S438 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 12 noon on Tuesday, January 23, 2018.
                                                                                  Page S442 
Azar Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consider-ation of the nomination of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices.
                                                                                     Page S438 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JA8.REC D22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD78 January 22, 2018 
to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
                                           Page S438 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                    Page S438 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
         Page S438 
Brownback Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Samuel Dale Brownback, of Kansas, to be Ambassador at Large for International Religious Freedom, Depart-ment of State.
                                                        Pages S438–39 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indi-ana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
                                                                                              Page S439 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                    Page S438 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
         Page S439 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: John H. Gibson II, of Texas, to be Chief Manage-ment Officer of the Department of Defense. Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation for a term of six years. Trevor D. Traina, of California, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Austria.                                     Page S443 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation for a term of six years, which was sent to the Senate on January 8, 2018.
            Page S443 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S440–41 
Petitions and Memorials:                                      Page S441 
Additional Cosponsors:                                          Page S441 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S441–42 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S439–40 
Amendments Submitted:                                     Page S442 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—17)
                                                        Pages S432, S438 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:20 p.m., until 12 noon on Tuesday, January 23, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S442.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public bills, H.R. 4874–4876; and 4 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 100; and H. Res. 710–712 were introduced. 
                                                                                              Page H624 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H625 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1153, to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction (H. Rept. 115–522); and H.R. 1457, to establish requirements for use of a driver’s license or personal identification card by cer-tain financial institutions for opening an account or obtaining a financial product or service, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–523).                                                                        Page H624 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Meehan wherein he resigned from the Committee on Ethics.
                                               Page H617 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 710, electing a Member to a certain standing com-mittee of the House of Representatives.
          Page H617 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:53 p.m. and re-convened at 5:31 p.m.
                                              Page H617 
Order of Business—Consideration of H.R. 195: Agreed by unanimous consent that it be in order at any time to take from the Speaker’s table H.R. 195, to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JA8.REC D22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D79 January 22, 2018 
the distribution of free printed copies of the Federal Register to Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the United States, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the Majority Leader or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment; that the Senate amendment and the motion be considered as read; that the motion be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the Majority Lead-er and the Minority Leader or their respective des-ignees; and that the previous question be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without in-tervening motion.
                                                Pages H617–18 
Federal Register Printing Savings Act: The House agreed to the motion to concur in the Senate amend-ment to the House amendment to the Senate amend-ment to H.R. 195, to amend title 44, United States Code, to restrict the distribution of free printed cop-ies of the Federal Register to Members of Congress and other officers and employees of the United States, by a yea-and-nay vote of 266 yeas to 150 nays, Roll No. 44.
                                              Pages H618–20 
Providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 195: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and agree to S. Con. Res. 33, pro-viding for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 195.
                                                                            Pages H620–21 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Nadler wherein he resigned from the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
                                                                                              Page H621 
Senate Referral: S. Con. Res. 33 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H617. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on page H620. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 6:37 p.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to receive a closed briefing on the Nuclear Posture Review, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold closed hear-ings to examine cyber warfighting policy, 3:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors, and to be a Member of the Board of Directors, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, Marvin Goodfriend, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and Thomas E. Workman, of New York, to be a Member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine surface transportation security, focusing on addressing current and emerging threats, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the performance of the elec-tric power system in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic dur-ing recent winter weather events, including the bomb cy-clone, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine facing 21st century public health threats, focusing on our Nation’s preparedness and response capabilities, 10 a.m., SD–430. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JA8.REC D22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD80 January 22, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 12 noon, Tuesday, January 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Jerome H. Powell, of Mary-land, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 4 p.m., Thursday, January 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 4 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E89 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E88, E90 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E89 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E90 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E88 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E85 Jenkins, Lynn, Kans., E85 Larson, John B., Conn., E90 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E88 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E88 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E85 Poe, Ted, Tex., E89, E90 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E89 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E86 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E87 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E86 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Jan 23, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22JA8.REC D22JAPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST